{"your_persona": ["I watch horror movies.", "I like cooler weather.", "My son is in junior high.", "I used to work in human services. My wife goes to work. I stay at home.", "My dad worked at Home Depot."], "partner_persona": ["I have two jobs.", "I like to read. I've read 20 books this year.", "I like good movies.", "I work in the movies. I work as a stunt double.", "I help out my mom. She is my only surviving parent. I am like my mom.", "I shop at Home Depot."], "current_conv": ["I've heard they're making a new Stephen King adaptation - I bet I end up going to see it!", "Yeah, I am trying to get in on that one! I want to be in one of his movies because they are bomb!", "So cool. Where I live they filmed the Shawshank Redemption.  I know some people who were doubles in it. I love horror but true crime is my favorite thing to read. What kind of books have you read so far this year? Any you recommend? ", "Oh yeah. I read this one book called The Butterfly Garden by Dot Huchinson. It was very dark and disturbing, but it was true crime/fiction. And it is still haunting me. It is a book in her collectors series. I have not yet been able to get myself to read the others in that series because it hit me pretty hard.", "Wow. That sounds like something I would really love. I just finished a book myself this morning about a serial killer. Do you read your books through Kindle? Or check them out from the library? ", "I have kindle unlimited and the libby app, but I believe that particular one was on Kindle Unlimited. It was about teenaged girls being kidnapped and locked in a giant jar and turned into butterflies permanently after the man and his son had their way with them. So I had to lay off her books for a bit. Oh! I also read Billy Straight. that was on libby from my library. It is AMAZING. and it is a true crime story! What was the book you read?", "I have never heard of the Libby app. I'll have to check that out. I use Kindle because I have Amazon Prime and there are a ton of free books to find that way. The book I read was called Fatal Charm. It was about a husband who murdered two of his wives staging it to look like accidents each time. I hope to find another similar one to read next. What was Billy Straight about?", "Billy Straight is about a runaway kid that goes to hollywood and pretends to be in school but lives in a park. He witnesses a high profile murder and the cops are searching for him, thinking it was like an old bag lady, but confused as to why the possible witness had a presidents book wrapped in plastic out there. I have Amazon Prime as well. The first book I mentioned may be available on Prime reading. The libby app is an app where you can use your local library card to borrow books virtually and read them on your kindle.", "Oh ok. I have used other type of apps where it syncs up with the library number to check books out. I really love that option when checking out books now. Makes it so easy and convenient! ", "Yeah it does! I am so happy to have someone to talk about books with! Not many people that I know appreciate them as much as they should. Plus everyone always wants to know what cool stunts I have been a part of, they forget that my favorite hobby  is reading everything ever written haha. ", "You never know, with everything you have done in your past, I might read a book about YOU eventually! I can't even imagine what interesting stuff you'd be able to put in a book like that. My life is pretty monotonous so there wouldn't be much to put in a book about me. ", "I mean, you said you like Stephen King. And Shawshank. I read that book. It was pretty boring. But it was also amazing. You never know what someone else might like to read. Also, doing stunts isn't always fun or exciting. Sometimes it is just falling off a roof and having to lay up for 7 weeks over a broken ankle. Nobody wants to hear about binge reading all of Jeff Wheelers books!"], "history_conv": [["Hello what are doing today?", "I am good, I just got off work and tired, I have two jobs.", "I just got done watching a horror movie", "I rather read, I've read about 20 books this year.", "Wow! I do love a good horror movie. Loving this cooler weather", "But a good movie is always good.", "Yes! My son is in junior high and I just started letting him watch them too", "I work in the movies as well.", "Neat!! I used to work in the human services field", "Yes it is neat, I stunt double, it is so much fun and hard work.", "Yes I bet you can get hurt. My wife works and I stay at home", "Nice, I only have one parent so now I help out my mom.", "I bet she appreciates that very much.", "She raised me right, I am just like her.", "My dad was always busy working at home depot", "Now that I am older home depot is my toy r us."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I volunteer in my spare time.", "I work in a homeless shelter in my town.", "I'm not into cars. I wrestle for my day job. I like wrestling. I like crowds and meeting people.", "I work out a few times each week when I need to be alone.", "I like country music a little bit. I like Taylor Swift."], "partner_persona": ["I have two dogs.", "I have two older mustangs. I like vintage cars.", "I don't like crowds.", "I like working out.", "I like classic country."], "current_conv": ["What kind of dogs do you have?", "One is a terrier and one is a sheep dog.   How long have you been volunteering?", "I have been volunteering for last 7 years", "Nice.  I try to, but I've been working on the two Mustangs.  One is a 68 and the other is a 66 Hertz clone.", "What are doing with those two?", "The 68 is a daily driver, at least during the summer.  The Hertz clone is a trailer queen.  I'm too afraid of paying for on  the road insurance.   ", "How long have you been doing this?", "Ummmm, off and on, since 1989.  It's a hobby that takes a lot of devotion.  It can be expensive, but it doesn't always have to be.", "This sounds fun. Do you have any other hobby?", "Well I do like to listen to classic country, and I do have my two dogs, \"Baron Zemo\" and \"Spike.\"   What about you, how do you like wrestling as your day job?", "I'm not super into wrestling. ", "Ah, now that makes sense.  I guess it's like an engineer that doesn't like to fix stuff around the house.  Well, work is work, I guess."], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you doing tonight?", "I'm doing great. Just relaxing with my two dogs.", "Great. In my spare time I do volunteer work.", "That's neat. What kind of volunteer work do you do?", "I work in a homeless shelter in my town.", "Good for you. Do you like vintage cars? I've two older mustangs.", "Cool. Not really into cars. My day job is wrestling.", "Cars are my thing. Vintage cars. I love working on them. Wrestling? Do you enjoy it?", "Yes, I love the crowds, getting to know people.", "I didn't think about the crowd aspect of wrestling. I do not like crowds.", "Understood. When I need to be alone, I work out a few times each week.", "I agree. Working out is a great way to burn off steam. Do you like country music?", "A little bit. I can get into taylor swift.", "Lol. She's more pop now. Her old stuff was country. I like classic country."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm married wan I have 2 kids.", "I haven't been to Disneyland. I just bought a new home, financials are a bit tight.", "I love going to concerts. Rolling stones are one of my favorite bands.", "I have a degree in economics. I save money on groceries."], "partner_persona": ["I'm close with my family.", "I have been to Disneyland. I love Mickey Mouse.", "I work as a baby delivery nurse. I have dripped some babies. I don't get pay a lot. Money is very tight, I have to walk to work."], "current_conv": ["I got $50 worth of coupons for fresh fruit and vegetables.", "That's awesome! How did you manage to score that?", "I joined a couponing group and won a raffle, it will really help out. How has work been lately?", "I should do the same! Work is just as bad as ever. I dropped another baby and received a pay penalty because of it. It's going to be a tough month.", "Oh no! That must be so scary. Can you switch departments?", "At this point it's not possible without getting an even greater reduction in pay. I'm still toying with the idea of returning to school.", "That's not a bad idea, maybe go back to school and find your passion. Maybe you could even hit Disney before school started.", "Haha maybe I should go to school in Orlando. Speaking of school, how is your degree coming along?", "Good, I was finally able to find a job that valued it. Who knew economics wouldn't be easily employable. What would you go back to school for?", "Given your experience, possibly economics! Definitely something that doesn't involve hospitals.", "Haha I can only imagine how bad you need a break from hospitals. If you'd like I can show you how to coupon to help save money when you go back in school", "I'd really appreciate that! Hopefully I'll qualify for some scholarships, but I'll need to save every dollar I can."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing?", "I love spending time with my family", "That is great, me too! I'm married and my husband and I've 2 children.", "So then have you ever been to disneyland?", "No, we recently purchased a new house, so we cannot afford it. Have you?", "Yes I love mickey mouse such a cute little rat", "I enjoy going to concerts, I see the rolling stones every year.", "Man your lucky I am a baby delivery nurse and the pay sucks", "Maybe you should consider going back to school. I did. I major in economics.", "I have to walk 3 miles to work to save money everyday what do you do?", "I mostly eat a fresh and raw diet, so I save on groceries.", "Your economic skills are amazing", "Thank you very much! I'm sure you are a great nurse.", "I'm a ok nurse I have dripped some babies though but I'm getting better"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I bird watch.", "I own a cat. I think war documentaries are fun.", "I don't like the holidays. I get depressed during the holidays. I am very old.", "I grew up poor. I grew up during the Great Depression."], "partner_persona": ["I love my purple hair. I enjoy watching war documentaries.", "I have a  female bird that loves cheeseburgers. My favorite is cheeseburgers.", "I live the holidays. I volunteer at a soup kitchen during the holidays.", "I am 33 years old. I love to give back. I grew up poor."], "current_conv": ["You have inspired me I signed up with a local soup kitchen to help during the holidays, maybe it will help with my seasonal depression.", "I think that this will actually be great for you! How do you feel now?", "I am feeling hopeful. Since I grew up poor, I know how it feels to be helped when you need it and I'm happy to do that for someone else.", "Yes, that is why the soup kitchen idea is such a joy!", "What inspired you to dye your hair purple?", "I just wanted something different at the moment! Would you ever consider dying your hair?", "I don't think so, I'm way too old for that. I don't have much hair anymore!", "Well, I think you could still do something cool perhaps! Any ideas?", "I would like to change my wardrobe. I haven't bought new clothes in about 15 years. ", "Wow, that would be so fun! Maybe you could try a store like Macy's!", "I like Macy's. I used to shop there. Shopping is very hard for someone my age, though.", "Right, I could just imagine. Perhaps hiring a shopper would be better then?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight? Do you have pink and blue hair?", "Hi, I'm doing pretty good these evening", "What do you like to do in your spare time? I bird watch.", "I actually have purple hair and I love it and enjoy watching war documentaries", "Those are fun. I've a cat, do you?", "I've a bird and she loves cheeseburgers like me, my favorite", "Is that healthy for birds?", "Probably not but a bite here and there I think is okay", "Do you like the holidays? I don't.", "I do love the holidays I volunteer a soup kitchen during the holiday season", "I get depressed. How old are you? I'm very old.", "Oh man sorry about that, I'm 33 and love giving back I grew up poor", "I did too, back during the great depression.", "Oh wow, I can imagine it was a very hard time", "It was, but it made us strong.", "Yes it really did, that's why I enjoy y volunteer work"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a family.", "I like to exercise by walking.", "I enjoy reading.", "I like white wine."], "partner_persona": ["I am at least 100 years old.", "I like wine. I like dancing.", "I like reading.", "I prefer well aged and fermented wine."], "current_conv": ["Since you've reached such an old age, do you have any advice for how to stay healthy and live long?", "I think it is luck I drink wine. I don't watch what I eat. I just try and enjoy life especially at my age.", "Haha well they say that wine keeps you young, so maybe there's something to it. Have you tried any great wines lately?", "I tried a Malbec just yesterday that was wonderful. I drank the whole bottle haha. what about you?", "I tried a Rhone wine yesterday, and it was fire! I'm amazed you could finish an entire bottle!", "Oh a bottle isn't that much. Remember I'm 100. I don't work. I have wine with my lunch and if it is a good bottle, that is my beverage for the day.", "That's a good approach! Sounds like a great way to economize, too!", "That's right. How  is your family? how many of you are there?", "There are four of us! I have an older brother and my two parents. Us men like to enjoy a cigar together in the evenings.", "I have had some cigars I like, but never got into it. Maybe that has helped me live a long time.", "That's definitely true. Though since you've already made it this long, I doubt smoking a few cigars here and there would hurt!", "Even if it does, I have lived a good life. I just want to enjoy all the time I have left whether that is a week a year or even another decade."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today?", "Good! You! Celebrating with fellow centenarians", "Nice. I'm playing some card games with my family.", "That sounds like fun. I like wine and dancing too!", "Same. I try to get a small workout in a three mile walk for me is key.", "Awesome! Walking like that you might live forever like me!!", "That's true. My favorite way to unwind is reading a book.", "You sound very like minded, just add some wine", "Which do you prefer white or red?", "Fermented. I prefer well aged and fermented. I could bathe in it!", "Good choice. I always like a nice dry white wine.", "I think I should go grab a bottle now and get some dancing music on", "Sounds like a good way to enjoy a sunday afternoon.", "Yes indeed. Being a centenarian you learn to appreciate these things"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I want to move away from my parents.", "I don't drink or do drugs. I am 19 years old. I want to see my friends.", "I work part time at Burger King.", "I am studying education. I love what I study, education. I want to teach elementary school. I graduate in 3 years."], "partner_persona": ["My mom is traditional. My family is from India.", "I live in a house. I live near a pool. I coach swimming.", "I an still in school studying to be a computer programmer. I have to finish my degree before I can move. I graduate in 3 more years.", "I like my classes and find them challenging."], "current_conv": ["Does your college have a dorm? Mine just called, I forgot I was even on the waiting list, and I get to move out! Check into it okay?", "Oh wow, that sounds great! I'm envious that you're able to move out. I can't move out. My college has a dorm but I'm not able to move out for now. Do you think you'll be able to concentrate on your studies while living in a dorm?", "I have always loved to study, so that should not be a problem. I don't like to party, I do want to hang out and maybe have a few video game or movie nights", "Maybe I can come visit you in your dorm room so I feel more like I'm in college and not living with my parents. Do you think you'll try to form a study group?", "Oh yes. I am all about meeting to study together. I have not had one in a year or two, but we used to do like every week a different person would get their parents to buy lunch or dinner, depending on when the meeting was. Like now, I guess that it would have to be one of us haha. But we would have like pizza and pop or burgers and fries. One girl always brought edible arrangement fruit bouquets and those were amazing! We all loved her day. They came with like caramel and yogurt fruit dip! Would you consider joining a group like that? ", "Oh yes, that would be great! I'd love to join a group like that. I feel like that would really make me feel like I'm part of a group and not just going to class every day and going back to my parent's hosue. ", "We can even have slumber parties to watch a movie after if the dorm allows sleeping over. Idk, I have to find out. But like a once a week slumber party with food and a movie would be amazing! And I have access to HBO Max, so we can watch a newly released movie without having to pay for it like once or twice a month!", "Oh wow!  That's great! That sounds like a ton of fun. Studying turned into fun, who would've thought! I'm sure the dorm room would allow I would think.", "I hope so! Now I am more excited! We have to decide what subjects we can study together and which ones we will have to like just help out with. Like if you are taking algebra, then I can help, but I am taking a higher math. But if we are both taking BIO, we can study that together!", "That sounds good, I'm definitely taking BIO right now. It's honestly kind of a waste of time though because it's not my major but pre-requisites suck. I wish they weren't a thing at all. Seems like a waste of money.", "Yeah. I am working on getting my childhood education degree concentration in my favorite subject, math. But I have to take English and Bio and Art. I won't be teaching any of that so IDK why they are forcing me to take them. But I like to learn so. Oh well I guess.", "I know, don't you hate that? But like you said, I like to learn too! Just lots of money. "], "history_conv": [["How are you? I'm tired of my parents bothering me, hoping to move out soon.", "I completely get it. My mom is way too traditional for me!", "I never drink or use drugs. I am 19 and just want to see my friends.", "I understand. When do you think you might be able to move?", "Not sure. I have a part time job at burger king. Do you work?", "I do. I coach swimming at the pool near my house.", "Awesome. My parents are just always on me about something. Are you moving soon?", "I'm still in school. I cannot move until I finish my degree", "That must be tough. What do you study?", "I want to be a computer programmer. Are you in school?", "Yes, I am studying education and working part time.", "That sounds interesting. Do you like it?", "Yes, I love it. How are your courses?", "They are great. I really like the challenge. What do you want to teach?", "I hope to teach elementary school. How much longer until you graduate?", "Three more years. I feel like I wil never get out. How about you?", "Same for me! Looking forward to being done and out of my parents house!", "Things are so strict. My family is from india, so they just don't get it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Billy.  I am an electrician. I live in Texas. I live near Dallas.", "My mom and dad have a farm. I have a pet cow.", "I live in the country. I have a truck.  I like country music.", "I like pizza."], "partner_persona": ["I am famous. I helped design the game Starcraft.", "I am making a robot. I like to use Twitch.", "I like pizza. I don't live near the ocean.  I am allergic to water.", "I have not seen another human in 5 years.  I use delivery services for everything I need."], "current_conv": ["My pet cow is sick. ", "Oh no! What is wrong?", "I'm not sure.  But she's not eating very much and is very lethargic.  I think I need to call my dad and see if he can tell me what's going on with her.", "That is a great idea. If not, are you able to have a vet come to you?", "I should be able to do that but I'm worried about what it will cost.  Gosh, this couldn't have come at a worse time.  I'm busy with work and also don't need this extra expense.", "Well I hope your cow gets better! How long have you had your cow?", "I've had her for about three years.  She was born on my parents' farm and they gave her to me to keep as a pet.  How close is your robot to being completed?", "I am still a few weeks out, I had to order a specific part and shipping has been delayed. I am looking forward to seeing how it turns out.", "Is it a male or female robot?  Or does it not have a gender like that?", "Well, it will have either a male or female voice but I haven't decided yet--I am going to include an option that allows you to change the sound of the voice.", "That's a cool idea.  You can change its voice depending on your mood.  Will you view it as a servant or as a friend?  I think it would be cool to have a robot servant.", "It will be both, someone for me to talk to if I am lonely but also a servant."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm billy. I work as an electrician in texas", "I very rarely speak to people billy, because I'm so famous", "Really? How? I do a lot of work on my mom and dads farm.", "I am working on a robot so I can have company that doesn't annoy me.", "The only company I have is my pet cow.", "I helped design starcraft. Do you have time to play games without the cow", "No usually. I live in the country. Just drive my big truck and listen to country music.", "I do twitch streaming for fun, so we do not have much in common do we?", "Not much. I like pizza too!", "I like pizza, one thing in common. I live inland because I'm allergic to water", "Really? I did not know that was possible! How do you stay hydrated?", "Very carefully, did you get flooded in texas?", "No. I live more north. Near dallas.", "Good! I've not seen a person in 5 years, have my stuff delivered"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to read. My favorite books are the Hunger Games series.", "I have been to Spain. I will retire in a few years. I would love to travel to Italy.", "I love to cook.  I love baking cookies. I have grandkids.", "I have had earl grey tea. I have never had earl grey shortbread."], "partner_persona": ["I am an Olympic gymnast. I don't read much.", "I have been to Spain. I bought a yellow blouse in Spain.", "I have 2 years before I retire from gymnastics.", "I am young. I would like to go to culinary school. I cook a lot of Italian and garlic bread.I would love to be a pastry chef. I make a lot of earl grey shortbread."], "current_conv": ["I looked up the recipe for earl grey shortbread but I don't understand some of the terms could you explain them to me?", "Sure what terms are you have difficulty with?", "It says you have to beat the ingredients. What does that mean?", "mix together. til completely incorporated. Are there any others?", "That's all that I can remember at the moment. What's the flavor of the shortbread like?", "I had a strawberry that I really liked and of course earl grey. Have you read any good books lately?", "I've started reading Caste, as it's very popular at the moment. Have you heard of it?", "I haven't. Is it similar to Hunger Games?", "No, it's about class and race relations in the United States. Definitely a big topic at the moment.", "Only because people make it a big topic. race relations will always be a big topic because it generates lots of money.", "In my part of the country, it is unfortunately not so evolved. Where are you from, by the way?", "Are you saying race relations is worse now than say 20 years ago or has it improved? and what about 20 years before that? I imagine you would say it has improved, but we talk about it more? why do you think that is?"], "history_conv": [["Hello. I love to read and my favorite books are the hunger games series. What about you?", "Hi! I am an olympic gymnast, I don't read much.", "That is exciting and must allow you to travel alot. Ever been to spain?", "Yes, I've. I picked up a lovely yellow blouse there.", "I hope to go back when I retire in a few years. How long before you retire?", "I've another two years before I can retire from gymnastics.", "What are your plans after retirement?", "I'd like to go to culinary school, I am still young.", "I love to cook for my grandkids. I plan to travel more.", "I mainly cook italian, and garlic bread.", "I would love to travel to italy. I love baking cookies.", "I would love to be a pastry chef, I make earl grey shortbread a lot.", "I have never had earl grey shortbread only the tea.", "I put it in the shortbread."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I learned to play guitar when I was 3. I like the musician Rascal Flats. I grew up involved in the entertainment industry.", "I have been to some national parks.", "When I was young, I enjoyed playing on playgrounds with my friends."], "partner_persona": ["I go to Disney World every year.  I like Mickey Mouse.", "I like the band Rascal Flats. ", "I have never been to a national park.  I like playing on playgrounds with my friends.", "I like the movie Frozen.", "I do not have pets. I live with my family. I'm a 3rd grader. I have an older sister."], "current_conv": ["I learned how to play a Rascal Flats song on my guitar. ", "That's so awesome!  Which one is it?", "Life is a highway, it is such a great song, I had to learn it! Have you listened to any Rascal Flats songs lately?", "I haven't been listening to them lately, but I'd love to hear you play some.  Do you learn by reading sheet music or tabs, or can you play by ear?", "I can do both, I start with sheet music most of the time and by the end of the song I am playing by ear. Do you have your yearly trip to Disney World planned yet?", "Not yet.  I think we're going in the fall this year so it's not so hot.  I can't wait to go again.  Thunder Mountain is my favorite ride.  I think I'll try to ride it 20 times this year.", "Wow, 20 times! You must really love that ride. Do you plan to visit all of the Disney parks?", "Maybe one day, but we live closest to Disney World so that's the one we go to.  I also think it's better than Disney Land.  Where else are there Disney parks in the world?", "In addition to California and Florida, there is Paris, Tokyo, Shanghai, and Hong Kong", "Oh wow, that's a lot!  That really is a big goal to shoot for to go to them all.  Maybe I'll make a goal to visit all the parks with Thunder Mountain.", "That is a great idea! Does your older sister like Thunder Mountain as much as you do?", "No, she's scared of roller coasters of any size!  She likes the teacups!  She has no problem with spinning around, just going up and down."], "history_conv": [["Hello! I was three when I learned to play guitar!", "Hi I enjoy disney world and go every year", "That's great. I really like rascal flats. I think they played there before.", "That's a good band. I love mickey mouse", "I actually grew up in the entertainment industry.", "I am also in the 3rd grade", "Wow. Do you like national parks? My family and I spent summers there.", "No, I never have been. I like to go to the playground with friends", "I enjoyed that when was younger too. What is your family like?", "I also like frozen the movie and sing a long with it.", "Great! I like music too and that's why I play guitar.", "That's awesome to hear!", "Do you have a dog or cat?", "No, mom said I cannot have pets when I have my own place I can.", "Do you have any brothers or sisters?", "I've a sister who is 10 years older than me"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog.", "I am passionate about knitting.", "I have two children. My two children enjoy math.", "My favorite movie is Clueless."], "partner_persona": ["I am unemployed. I am looking for work. My dream job would be a writer. I was an ER doctor and I treated a man with a slit throat from a home invasion.", "My daughter is thought of by some to be a child prodigy. My daughter is talented in math. I hate math.", "My favorite movie is Friday!. I love the movie Clueless. I hope another Friday! movie is made."], "current_conv": ["I had a thought, since you are out of work right now anyway why don't you give your dream job a shot?", "That sounds like a good Idea. I do write, but maybe I can start something for money", "I think you should! There are many platforms out there where you could start to monetize your writing.", "You are right. maybe I will write a clueless sequel", "There are a lot of people out there who would read that! It's possible that you could get a publisher interested.", "I don't know if I could write in that genre. Maybe I could with your help since you are the bigger fan.", "I might be able to offer some tips haha. Since you love Friday, you might even think about writing about that!", "I would love that. I just don't know if I can write that kind of humor. For books I have always been more into fantasy or mystery. I think I just need to start. Have you started a career knitting or is that a hobby?", "It's turned into a full-time job! I started out selling items on the side, but demand eventually got to be so great that I was able to make it my main gig. I love it!", "that is my dream. I have a good career to fall back on, but selling stories on the side would be great.", "Haha I would think that being an ER doctor is pretty lucrative. You could also look into ghostwriting. There's a ton of demand for that.", "that maybe where I start. I'll get my feet wet that way. yes it is lucrative I make a good living, but I would like a job where I am not responsible whether someone lives or dies."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I'm sitting here with my dog. How are you?", "I'm well friend. Looking for new employment at the moment.", "What would be your dream job?", "A writer. I'm currently an er doctor.", "What was the worst accident you have seen in the er?", "A man had his throat slit in a home invasion", "That is very scary. I would rather stick to my knitting passion.", "I have a daughter who people say is a child prodigy", "What talents does she have?", "Math! I hate it! Lol. Do you have children?", "I've two children. They also enjoy math.", "That's nice. What is your favorite movie?", "My favorite movie is clueless.", "Mine is friday! Although I do love clueless too!", "Do you think they will make another friday movie?", "Oh I hope so! That would be awesome."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am retired. I am a professional gambler now.", "I have a dog. I have a lot of spare time. I spend my spare time outside and in casinos.", "I spent two weeks in the bush recently. My dad taught me survival in the wilderness for weeks. My dad has his own outdoor show called Jim Shockey. My dad has survived in places all over the world.", "I didn't see my dad much as a child."], "partner_persona": ["I am in graduate school studying psychology.", "I love the outdoors. I learnt how to survive in the wilderness for weeks from my parents.", "I love the Jim Shockey show.", "My parents were there when I was a child. My parents hike often with me when I was a child.", "I am a dog walker."], "current_conv": ["I just found a really good survival hike competition it is for partners would you be interested in joining me my treat?", "Heck yes I love hiking. I don't know if I would be able to win, but I for sure would love to do it. Do you think we can win?", "I think we've got as good a chance as any! Especially with a bit of training!", "that's true. How many days would this competition be?", "Just a long weekend. Three nights, and the trophy is ours!", "Let's do it. how is the gambling business going?", "Haha you know how they say the house always wins? My new nickname is The House.", "haha Love it. What do you play? or do you do sports betting?", "I try to keep it diverse. I've been having a streak with Jai Alai, and horse betting is pretty lucrative. Poker is my game of choice.", "That sounds fun. Does playing the same game over and over get boring though?", "Haha it's hard to get bored of winning! I could imagine that Blackjack and the slots could get pretty tiresome, hence why I avoid them.", "Yes. I enjoy blackjack, but I do prefer texas hold'em. If you could play one game for the rest of your life, what would it be?"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today", "I'm busy studying psychology for my graduate school class. You?", "I have retired and now spend my time as a pro gambler", "Sounds cool! I could be your dog walker when you are busy.", "Well being retired I have a lot of spare time either in a casino or outdoors", "I love the outdoors. I can survive in the wilderness for weeks", "Yeah me to just got back from two weeks in the bush", "Did your parents teach you to survive like mine did?", "My dad did he has his own outdoor show its possible you have seen it", "I may have. What is it called?", "Jim shockey he has survived in places all over the world", "I love that show! I watch it between studying.", "Yeah didn't get to see him much as a child", "That must have been hard. My parents were always hiking with me.", "That is nice must have been fun", "It was fun. Probably why I became a dog walker"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Kevin. I love Mexican food, rock bands, and NASCAR. I work in construction. I was a construction model.", "I like to go to Aerosmith concerts.", "I do not like lawyers. I like wearing construction gear. My dad is a lawyer. My dad likes rock. My dad is single."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a recording engineer. I live in California.", "I do not like going to concerts.", "I like racing. I do not like lawyers. My ex partner left me for a lawyer.", "My ex partner did not like Aerosmith.", "My mom does not like Mexican food or fast cars. My mom lies and cheats.", "I'm 46. I have kids."], "current_conv": ["I found a great new Mexican restaurant.", "Oh yeah? What's it called? ", "It's called Tiny's Tacos. It's near the events center in my city. I got a quesadilla when I went there, and it was so good! ", "That sounds delicious! I've been eating Mexican food a lot recently, I never had it when I was younger so I feel deprived of it!", "Yeah, eat it up!! Mexican is the best! What is your favorite dish so far?", "Tacos and quesadillas have been my go to! Everyone is really go though, I don't understand how my mom doesn't like it.", "Maybe she had a bad experience with bad food and never gave it a second chance. Maybe you should take her to lunch one day at a great place.", "Yeah, that's true! I defiantly should because I think she would really enjoy it now. ", "I don't see how anyone wouldn't! What types of flavors does she like, maybe I can recommend something. Does she like meats or vegetables more?", "I would say meats more! She's really into Italian dishes. ", "Maybe she should get something like arroz con pollo, rice with chicken. I get that a lot. It has a delicious sauce, and some good vegetables, also. The chicken is usually so tender and delicious!", "Yum, that sounds incredible! I'll suggest that to her and I may just have to get that for myslef."], "history_conv": [["Hi, kevin here. I love mexican food, aerosmith and nascar racing and a construction worker.", "I'm a recording engineer myself. Currently living in california", "Great! I wear a yellow construction worker hat to aerosmith concerts.", "That sounds fun. I'd rather be inside though.", "Wow! What artists you work with? I started working at sixteen as a construction model.", "No one you know probably. The market was dead last year unfortunately.", "Oh okay. You like car racing? I do. I also like mexican pizza.", "I love car racing. I'm not crazy about lawyers though.", "Me too! I wear a yellow construction hat and my dad is a lawyer. Bummer huh?", "Maybe he's the one that my ex left me for.", "Oh wow. Does your ex like aerosmith? My dad and I do?", "I do not think so. I own my own studio and she tried to take it.", "Bummer! Does your ex like mexican food and fast cars? She could be my stepmom.", "No she likes lies and cheating. Lol", "Funny. You think your ex would like construction workers?", "I'm 46 with kids, maybe she did not like that."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Rob.", "My mom passed away when I was a child. My dad is in the army.", "I like dogs. I play softball.", "I work in insurance. I live in Boston."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Kelly. I live in the southwest. I work for the US Postal Service.", "My father is deceased. He drove for Nascar.", "I have a German shepherd named Barnaby.", "I play softball.  I'm scared of scorpions."], "current_conv": ["I have a softball tournament coming up.", "That sounds like a lot of fun! It is probably too late to jump in, but maybe I can come and watch? When and where will it be at?", "You can see me play at the Boston diamond right in the city if Boston. It will be at 3pm eastern time.  Maybe you can bring Barnaby too?", "Oh, I would never go on a road trip that far off without him. That is my baby haha. What day is it? I have some vacation time and I am really wanting a change of scenery!", "It will be on May 8th 2021. I hope you  can make it out. I will have a bone for Barnaby too!", "That is so perfect! I can put in my leave for may 4th and head out that evening! I prefer to drive at night when I am not working. I can be there by friday night! Is there a local hotel that lets dogs stay that I can set up a night at?", "Yeah funny you ask about that. We have so so many dog lovers in the city of Boston that there is a chain of hotels that allow you to book a room for you pet too! Isn't that just wild? ", "Actually, that is really amaze balls. I cannot believe that it would be so easy. If there is one with a pool that allows dogs, I would love their info. He loves to swim with me, and I have not been able to find a local hotel to swim at with him so we always have to go to the river but the currents make me kind of uneasy.", "Yeah they do actually have a play area for you and your dog, including a pool. That cost extra though. Just google Paws and Friends hotel in Boston  and you will find there contact info on there website.", "I don't mind the extra cost. It isn't like I have actual kids to take care of haha. All my extra money and time goes into my buddy. He even helps when I volunteer at the pet shelter! Good times. Ok, What is the weather like that way? I will need to pack accordingly. ", "The weather changes a lot here in Boston. They say even the weather experts can't  predict more than three days ahead. So I am not going to pretend that I know anything more than what the 5 day forecast says for Boston today!", "I understand. Ok. I will just come prepared for anything! I will only be there for like 4 days anyway, so I guess it won't really matter too much."], "history_conv": [["Hello. My name is rob. How are you today?", "My name is kelly. I am well. How are you?", "I am sad today remembering my mom who died when I was a child.", "I am so sorry to hear that. My father also passed away. He drove for nascar.", "Sorry to hear that. My dad is an army soldier.", "I thank him for his service.", "Thank you for saying that. What do you do for fun?", "I play with my german shepherd named barnaby. He's my baby.", "I love dogs. I play softball and I love it!", "I played softball years ago. I am too busy working for the us postal service.", "That's a good job. I work in insurance. It also keeps me busy.", "I live in the southwest and I am deathly afraid of scorpions. Not a good mix.", "That sounds like quite the predicament.", "It is. I do like it here aside from that.", "How is the weather there today? It is cloudy and cool here in boston.", "It is hot. But thankfully not humid today."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love bike riding.", "I can sing when I drink.", "My job is in construction."], "partner_persona": ["I love playing folk music.  I would love to be a professional musician. I play the guitar, piano, and like to sing.", "I don't like to drink much.", "I work as a custodian."], "current_conv": ["Today's weather was beautiful for biking.  It was the first thing I did after my long day working my construction job.  Did you get to play any guitar or piano today?  Or perhaps a drink at a local bar?", "I did fiddle around with my guitar a little.  I played some Bob Dylan after I ate.", "Nice. Is Dylan a favorite of yours? I haven't been much into music in a long time but sometimes I wish I listened to more.", "Yes, I've always loved Dylan.  I think he's such a musical genius. He's not the only reason I want to get into music, but he's one of them.", "Since you're so interested in music, do you ever get out to see local bands? I used to go to concerts every few months when I was younger.", "Yes, I try to stay connected to the local music scene, and also try to see bigger acts when they come to town, although money and time are always consideration too.  What was the last concert you went to?", "Yeah, it's definitely hard to find time nowadays. I think the last concert I went to see might have been a pair of cellists with some friends. I think they were called 2Cellos but I could be mistaken.", "Oh, nice.  Have you heard of Mark O'Connor?  I once saw him in concert with Yo-Yo Ma.  That was amazing.", "Yeah, I think I ran across some of his performances on YouTube at some point. I could listen to violin and cello music all the time if I had the opportunity. I like to put on videos in the background to provide some background noise. And an occasional distraction.", "Yes, I love listening to classic or baroque if I'm doing something that needs concentration.  Do you listen to music when you ride your bike?", "I should. Usually I'm listening to podcasts when I'm riding my bike. Since I don't have much time I try to keep abreast of current events that way.", "Yes, that's a good time to kill two birds with one stone.  I've never really gotten into podcasts.  What type of podcast topics do you listen to?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing?", "Hello. Pretty good, thanks. And yourself?", "Awesome, I just got back from a bike ride.", "Cool! Do you spend a lot of time biking?", "Yup. Its my favorite thing to do. Do you?", "I love playing folk music. I actually hope to be a professional musician someday", "That's interesting. What instruments do you play?", "I can play the guitar and the piano and I also like to sing.", "I can only sing when I drink, but I don't like to do that anymore.", "I m not a big drinker either. Do you have a job?", "Construction, like my dad. What do you do when you aren't being a rock star", "Nice! I work as a custodian. Not too glamorous but it pays the bills haha", "I feel ya. You gotta do what you gotta do.", "Exactly. Do you have other hobbies besides biking?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from a town outside of Vancouver.", "I am in the Canadian Army. My grandfather was in the Canadian Army.", "I don't like reading.", "I dropped out of school."], "partner_persona": ["I am from NYC.", "I went to college for chemistry. I work in a bookstoreI don't like reading.", "I don't like the color orange."], "current_conv": ["I just take naps to relieve stress. So do you have a mini chemistry lab in you home?", "No I don't. I have no space for it.", "That's too bad, I would be happy to lend you one of mine if you do end up getting space for one. Are you still in the Canadian Army?", "No, I was never in the army.", "Really, I must have been mistaken. Was anyone in your family in the army or a millitary branch?", "No, not at all. I thought you were in the Army?", "Yes I am, I am still a part of the Canadian Army. My contract lasts for about two years from now. I dropped out of college for it, but I might be interested in going back after my contract expires. Are you planning on continuing your education after college?", "No, I am done with school. I plan on starting a small business. Have you ever owned a business?", "No I have not, seems like a challenge to me. What kind of business are you interested in starting?", "I want to own my own bookstore.", "That sounds cool, I'm sure it will work out well for you given your experience in working in a bookstore. Are you considering in specializing in a specific genre to sell?", "No, not really. I intend to have a vast sellection. What do you do for fun?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Where are you from?", "Hey! I am from nyc what about you?", "I'm from a town outside vancouver.", "So what brings you around here? Are you here for work?", "Actually I am on leave right now", "Oh okay. May I ask what your occupation is?", "I serve in the canadian army, just as my grandfather did. How about you?", "I went to college for chemistry, but I actually work in a bookstore now.", "Oh that's cool. I don't like reading though", "I don't care for fashion as much as you dislike reading haha", "I hate reading so much I dropped out of high school!", "Must be a very strong dislike then. I actually have a strange disdain toward the color orange", "Why do you hate orange?", "As a kid I was always bothered by this bright orange lamp my parents had", "That sounds scary. I was scared by my grandfather telling wwii stories", "Oh man must have been traumatizing. What do you do to relieve stress?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have kids and I work as a homemaking dad.", "My oldest child is a junior. My youngest daughter is 9.", "I worked 10 years in human services.", "My father helps watch the kids. My wife makes more money at her job.", "My children like to go shopping at Home Depot where my father used to be a manager."], "partner_persona": ["My kids are grown and I'm 60 years old.", "I work as a librarian and plan to retire soon."], "current_conv": ["How was your week as a librarian?  Did you get any new books in?  How much longer do you have until you retire?", "I think I will retire in 5 years, but I want to  work part-time in 6 months.  I hope my manger will let me. ", "Good for you! That's always exciting knowing when you plan to retire. My wife still has a long way to go before then. What do your kids do?", "They have finished their studies, one is a lawyer, the other is a carpenter. I don't have grandkids.", "My children are very young and have just started school. The oldest is only in their junior year of high school. Their grandfather helps me take care of them from time to time.", "I would gladly help my children with their kids. I hope I am not too old and out of fashion. I have still not read the Face Book, I have heard it is quite popular with the young people.", "I think we all get too old and out of fashion at some point! Facebook is still popular with the younger generation, although newer sites like Instagram and TikTok are becoming more appealing. I think I am too old as I don't understand those either!", "I guess being old does not give a license to stop learning. I wonder what activities I would do with my grandkids. Why your kids like shopping at the Home Depot ?  ", "That's very true. My children like the Home Depot because their grandfather used to work there. I used to take them there to browse and say hi to grandpa every once and a while. Do your kids ever come and see you?", "Well they come to see time to time ? I guess they will come more often when they'll need a baby sitter. Do you see your father often ?", "That's nice to hear. We see my father almost every weekend. We take the kids and try to do something fun with the whole family.", "What kind of fun activities ?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, what are you doing today?", "I am thinking about my upcoming retirement. How about you?", "Just raising my kids, I'm a homemaking dad.", "Very cool. My kids are grown. I'm already 60 years old.", "I'm not there yet. My oldest in a junior.", "How old is your youngest?", "She's 9. I love them all. What work did you do before retiring?", "I work as a librarian, but I am going to retire in the next couple of years.", "That's great, I spent ten years in human services.", "Did you stop when your eldest was born?", "Yes, I had to. I am glad to be home. My father helps out too.", "Why did you have to?", "Children need love, and my wife makes more money.", "Do your children like any interesting activities?", "No, we just go to home depot on the weekends. My father was manager there.", "Do you like to travel?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just graduated and I am 19 years old.", "My friends and I work at Burger King and are looking into buying a franchise.", "I like seafood and my dad makes awesome fish tacos.", "I like Metallica and old school rap.  Tupac is my favorite. Aerosmith's \"Dream on\" is one of my favorite songs."], "partner_persona": ["I work in construction and started when I was 16.", "I like Mexican food over burgers.", "My favorite band is Aerosmith."], "current_conv": ["How was your week working construction?  DId you go home after work and have tacos?", "My week was decent. And yes, I did get tacos after work. Thanks for asking. How was your week?", "My week was great! I have been  studying Mexican cuisine. When we get a chance to hand out I will have to make some fish taco for you.", "That sounds awesome, thanks. Besides Mexican cuisine, are there any other cuisines you enjoy?", "I also know a little bit of Japanese cuisine as well. I have been perfecting the art of making sushi rice. Do you eat raw meat ever?", "Yes, I love sushi. I prefer cooked fish over raw, but I don't mind it at all. Your favorite Japanese cuisine?", "Well my roots are in Italian cuisine. I make lots of pasta everyday and I have learned how to cut noodles into 10 different shapes. My favorite shape is the wagon wheel.", "Wow, that sounds amazing. I can imagine how tasty it'll be. I see you like seafood, favorite dish?", "My favorite seafood by far would be steamed clams with a lemon and butter sauce on the side.  What kind of fish do you prefer?", "I prefer fried squid. Though, I rarely eat seafood. When did you started listening to Aerosmith?", "Squid is another one of my favorites. It can be difficult to cook though. I am actually growing away from Aerosmith. I listened to them wayyyy too much this week.", "Have you been to any Aerosmith concerts? Do you have any plans to see them in the future?"], "history_conv": [["Hello. Do you know of any apartments for rent?", "Hi there. Hmm I am not familiar with any. Which area are you looking?", "Jacksonville. I work at burger king and do not use drugs if that helps.", "Maybe you can expand your options if you find another career.", "I'm only 19. Just graduated.", "Congratulations. I work in construction, started when I was 16. It is great money.", "That's cool. My friends and I work here, we are hoping to buy our own franchise.", "Wow that's ambitious. I hope you succeed. Personally I prefer mexican food over burgers.", "I prefer seafood. My dad makes awesome fish tacos.", "That sounds delicious. What type of music do you like?", "Metal. Mainly metallica. I also love old school rap. Tupac is where it is at.", "Nice. I listen to a lot of aerosmith, they're my favorite.", "I like them too. Dream on is one of my favorites", "Great song. How long have you worked for burger king?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My dog is a black lab named Trooper.", "I hike in Colorado mountains near Pueblo. I live near Denver where I work.", "I like Garth Brooks when I rock climb."], "partner_persona": ["I harvested the fields for winter. I grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm.", "I have a pet cow.", "I live in Amish country in Pennsylvania.", "I like country music."], "current_conv": ["How was harvesting today?  And was your pet cow in a good mood?  What is their name?", "Pet cow is Mabel, she like to lay in the shade.  Harvest was not that good, had a big issue with Chinese lantern flies this year.  ", "I also like to lay in the shade, just like your pet cow, Mabel! How does a pet cow differ from a regular dairy cow, if you don't mind me asking?", "At a certain point, dairy cows cease to produce milk...my preference is to turn them into pets as opposed to dinner!", "Sounds like you have a soft spot for animals! I couldn't agree more, I also did some farm work a few years back. We herded cattle using a herding dog, and a four wheeler. Pretty much just moved them to different pastures. Have you ever had to help deliver calves?", "As an Amish farmer, I have done it all.  Have delivered calves, goats, sheep, foals...you name it.  All by hand here in Lancaster County!", "Having grown up in Amish country, are you yourself Amish?", "Yes, of course.  It's not an easy life, but an honest one that I am proud of.", "Wow! What an incredible amount of dedication you have! I absolutely admire that in today's world, you are staying true to your culture. Was being Amish a decision that you freely made or were you born into it? ", "Was born into it. In some ways I think we Amish folk have it easier than you English folks.  We refer to all outsiders as \"English\".", "I envy your choice to live off the grid! No news, no technology? What language do you speak?", "English of course, and a dialect of German known as Pennsylvania Dutch.  It's similar to real German."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "I'm good! Just finished working. You?", "I am great! I just got back from a walk with my dog! How was work?", "It was tiring. Trying to get the fields harvested for winter.", "Oh you are a farmer? What do you grow? Winter is coming too soon!", "We grow corn and soybeans at my parents farm. What dog do you have?", "He is a black lab named is trooper, he is a great hiking buddy!", "Cute! Where do you hike? My pet won't travel. She is a cow", "I hike in the mountains here in colorado near pueblo. Are there mountains near you?", "No I live in the middle of no where. Miles of country.", "Where is the middle of no where? I live near denver for work.", "Pennsylvania. Amish country. I feel out of place driving my big truck next to buggies", "I would be afraid of hitting them with my car!", "Yeah. That's why I blast my country music. They hear me coming!", "Haha! I like to listen to garth brookes when I am rock climbing at the gym!", "Oh wow! I never did that before! Sounds fun!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a mini van.", "I am a coach.", "I have five sons.", "I have five sons.", "I have a scorpion pit in my basement."], "partner_persona": ["I have a grey dog named Barnaby. I hate scorpions.", "I have a father that was killed by a Nascar car.", "My dog is a German Sheppard.", "I have a mother."], "current_conv": ["Were you able to sue Nascar for killing your dad?", "Between you and me yes... They failed to have the proper wall installed in the racetrack and they were at fault not him for spectating. ", "Good! They should definitely be held responsible. How is you mother feeling about it?", "My mother is sinking into a deep depression honestly. We both are very sad  and wish we never had to lose him. We aren't sure what to do next..", "I'm so sorry. That happened with my mom when my dad died, too. I mostly just tried to keep her busy for a while. I'm not sure it really helped, though.", "Yeah I think you have a really good idea there. We both need to occupy our minds for the time being and heal.. Maybe we could travel to one the countries she has always dreamed of seeing. Or maybe I could take her to an arcade and play games like she did when she was a kid.", "Those sound like great ideas. I always say we can't control the bad things that happen to us, but we can try to bring good things into our lives.", "This is true thanks for keeping my spirits up. Speaking of family... did you have to throw any of your boys in your scorpion pit yet?", "Oh, I've thought about it, believe me! Trouble is there's five of them and only one of me.", "Yeah how old are they now. Can you wrestle all five of them at once? If not you might want to hit the gym!", "They are 11, 9, 7, 5, and 2. I have given up any expectation that I can take them.", "Hahahah wow what a handful! You and the wife must be busy all of the time. I bet they are a blessing though!"], "history_conv": [["I see you laughing there. You better not be laughing at my mini van.", "I would never do that. I hate my grey dog barnaby and scorpions.", "My fourth son hates scorpions too. I do not understand my children.", "Keep trying. I like grey vans but a nascar car killed my daddy.", "Sounds like he liked a glass of wine in the evenings.", "He does. Barnaby is grey, a german shepherd and he hates scorpions too.", "Kids these days. Scorpions are the only thing I ever hear about while coaching.", "Mom says we are going to sue nascar for killing daddy.", "If you can you should go for it. Toss me some coffee money when it comes through.", "Sure, but you have to get in line. My grey dog barnaby is dying too.", "You know my fifth son keeps asking me for a dog. It is just too much.", "He can have mine. Barnaby needs a new home.", "I've to decline, my fifth son is my least favorite ; we keep him in the attic.", "Oh okay. Does he play with scorpions or dogs?", "Our scorpion pit is located in the basement.", "Great! My dad died in a scorpion pit while driving a nascar car. You dance?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to gamble.", "I like lawnmowing.", "I like outdoor grilling. I like organic food.", "I've been unemployed for years. I would like to get a work at home job."], "partner_persona": ["I like green living. I put solar panels on my roof.", "I love cookouts. I'm involved in the women rights movement.", "I work from home doing internet searches.", "I have an organic garden."], "current_conv": ["I applied for a work at home job. ", "Oh yeah what kind of job is it? I heard data entry is easy to get into.", "That sounds lovely. Name of the job?", "Hahah no I was trying to ask you where you applied to.  What kind of stay at home job are trying to get?", "Oh, sorry. I am currently looking for a IT job. I see you like living green, favorite vegan dish?", "Well I never said I was vegan, I just try to grow and cook organic food. It is something I feel passionate about, do you know the health effects of the pesticides that commercial food producers use?", "Oh okay. I have no idea. Any specific vegetables you are growing?", "I enjoy an all natural simple chef salad fresh out of the garden. It sounds basic but you would not believe the difference in flavor that fresh organic garden vegetables make!", "That sounds refreshing. Favorite vegetable to eat?", "I love most food honestly but I would say my favorite vegetable is spinach. I wouldn't mind opening a store selling my vegetables one day.", "Great to hear. What work do you do from home?", "I have a job in an office but I do stay busy when I am home cooking, cleaning and gardening. You should come over and have a cook out with me sometime."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are we doing this late night in october?", "I am great! Just been looking on twitter at news", "Yes let us get to know each other bit that's cool.", "Tell me about yourself?", "I like to gamble on my spare nights not cool huh.", "Depends if you win or not lol", "Yes it sucks loosing I also enjoy lawn mowing on sunny days.", "I enjoy green living and just put solar panels on roof", "Sounds interesting I also love grilling my food outdoors.", "Yummy, I love cookouts. I'm involved women rights movement", "That is good I've not been working for a few years.", "I work from home doing internet searches", "Great wished I could get a work at home job.", "It has its benefits. I've plenty time tend my organic garden", "That sounds interesting I like organic foods.", "They are so healthy for you"]]}
{"your_persona": ["Call of Duty is my favorite game.", "I love donuts.", "I will turn 83 next month. I don't have kids. I like Insane Clown Posse (ICP).", "I drive a Ford Pinto.", "I do live RPG events over the weekends. I professionally stream on Twitch."], "partner_persona": ["I play games. ", "I am a recording engineer.", "I'm 46. I'm a single dad. My favorite recording artist died last year."], "current_conv": ["I am considering retiring on my 85th birthday.", "What made you want to retire ? Your Twitch fan will miss you.", "Oh no. Don't worry. I meant my real job at school!", "What retirement plans do you have, more streaming ?", "I live pretty frugally. Hence the Pinto. Probably just game more and enjoy my music. ", "That would be great. What game do you stream these days ? ", "Call of Duty is the main one. Maybe the new Madden in the fall. What's your favorite game?", "I like Counter-Strike, I like to play and watch professional players. Do you like CS ?", "That's a good one too. Been a while since I played though. Should I take it back up?", "It is getting long in the tooth. New games are more popular, it will only get les and less popular. I would choose indie games, like loop hero, they will attract more viewers. ", "Interesting. You think it's because I'd be one of the few channels to chose from?", "Yeah, there are many CS streamers it will be difficult to differentiate you from them. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, call of duty is my favorite game. Do you game?", "Yes I do after all I am a engineer.", "Nice. My cousin is an engineer and hates video games. But I love donuts.", "I am actually a recording engineer. Do you have kids?", "So is my cousin, so cool! No kids, but I do love icp, the band.", "Oh ok. I'm a single dad. And my recording artist died last year. Bad luck!", "Wow, you ok? Did your artist use a ford pinto? That is what I drive.", "I am fine. He just had a n accident here in california.", "I do live rpg events over the weekends.", "That's cool. I'm 46 how about you?", "I turn 83 in a month.", ". Oh wow. Are you retired?", "No, I professionally stream on twitch.", "Oh I have never heard of that.", "It is a streaming platform for gamers.", "Oh ok, I guess I do not know much on the music side."]]}
{"your_persona": ["Dog agility is my favorite sport.", "I like to dance. I line dance. I'm not into fashion.", "I have a degree in chemistry.", "I work at a bookstore. James Joyce is my favorite author."], "partner_persona": ["I have a pet cow.", "I work for my parents who are dairy farmers.", "I like country music and line dancing.", "I drive a big truck.", "I hardly read."], "current_conv": ["I'm thinking about buying a truck.", "What kind of truck are you interested in buying, or have you been considering several from different brands?", "I currently have a Dodge Ram 1500 but am thinking of getting a Ford F150. Do you have any info on trucks that you could help me with?", "Of course, I drive a Ford F150 myself and I would highly recommend it. It has good hauling power and a very powerful engine. In any case, try getting a truck with 4WD if you can.", "That's what I have now and I tow a little bit so it would be helpful to continue that. Do you use your truck on the farm a lot?", "Definitely, it is a must have if you work on the farm. I use it to transport farming material, sometimes even livestock if other transport vehicles are occupied.", "Wow, Ford's must be one tough truck! I am not positive I would transport livestock in my Dodge...", "I'm sure you could, however I always recommend using a more specialized vehicle if you can. Are you particularly interested in having a truck with more bed space or a bigger cabin?", "A bigger cabin, I think... What would you recommend? I don't do a ton of transport so I think the cab would be more beneficial.", "If you don't transport often, a bigger bed isn't really necessary. Its usually better to have a bigger cabin, so more people can be in the car. I know it would be great if more people could carpool with me as I drive my truck.", "That would be nice. My gas mileage isn't great. I wish I could carpool so it wasn't so wasteful.", "MPG is another thing to consider for trucks as well, although more modern trucks are much more efficient than older models. Still, they end up being more fuel inefficient than say a sedan or even a coupe."], "history_conv": [["Hello friend, have you ever seen dog agility? It is my favorite sport!", "I've not it sounds interesting", "I compete at it, when I am not dancing", "Cool! My only pet is a cow", "Are you a dairy farmer or something like that?", "Yes my parents are, I work for them", "Cool. I don't care for fashion, but I do wear western clothes when I line dance", "I live line dancing to country music, that's all I listen too", "Me too. I discovered my love for it while getting my degree in chemistry.", "Cool! I'm always playing country in my big truck!", "It was the only station I could get in my laboratory, and now I'm hooked", "Lol chemistry seems like an interesting career.", "I wouldn't know, I work at a book store now.", "Cool, do you like to read?", "Love it. James joyce is my favorite author.", "Awesome, I hardly ever read."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm lonely.", "I have a doctor husband.", "Orange is my favorite color."], "partner_persona": ["I like clubbing.", "I work in a bookstore.", "I majored in chemistry. I owe a lot of student loans.", "I hate orange. I don't have a partner."], "current_conv": ["Been to any good clubs lately?", "Not really. The clubs just haven't been the same recently. I would like them to come back but it's been tough.", "Yes. Thank god for the vaccine though. Things should be back to normal soon.", "Yeah. Even the bookstore I work at is being hit pretty hard. People just are going out as much as I thought they would be at this time.", "I can imagine. Business must be really slow. How is the store holding up?", "OK. It's a dying business model since Amazon came along but as far as independent bookstores go, it is holding on.", "Yes, as dominant as Amazon has been, gotta be thankful that some people still prefer the experience of physically browsing for items.", "Yeah, I read my Kindle but I really do prefer to have a hard copy. I usually only read on my kindle when I am at the gym or traveling.", "That's interesting. I still prefer a hard copy, expecially when it's an important writing.", "Do you have a favorite genre of books that you like to read? I like historical biographies and self-help books.", "I mostly read books on Stocks/Daytrading.", "Nice, I like personal finance too! I want to read JL Collins's book but haven't found a copy yet."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "Exhausted! I was out clubbing all weekend. My legs are tired from grinding.", "Really I have not done that in years, I am just a lonely", "Are you ok? I know chemistry. I could make you an aspirin!", "I'm ok my husband is a doctor so I can get any medicine I want", "Wow, good for him. I just work in a bookstore...", "Oh wow that cool, you get free knowlege", "I majored in chemistry so I already have enough knowledge for a lifetime.", "Really that is awesome do you have a girlfriend?", "No. All of the girls here wear orange. I hate orange.", "Do you want one? I could leave my husband for you", "Wow that's saucy. Just one rule wear anything you want but orange things.", "That's my favorite color though, can you handle my three story mortgage", "I'm already deep in student loans, so I do not care!", "Whats your average salary I need to know since my family grows", "About 15k. I spend most of that on weekend clubs and raves though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I ride horses. I have two horses. I farm.", "I love rock."], "partner_persona": ["I'm in high school. I want to be a physical therapist.", "I love music.", "I'm a homecoming queen.", "I like to run."], "current_conv": ["One of the horses just got loose and we can't find him!", "On no, what are you going to do? Are they tagged so that you know they are your animals?", "Yes they are tagged thankfully! We already sent a notice to an organization that helps finding lost domestic animals, and we are waiting for some updates. It makes me really anxious, I think I need to listen to some relaxing music. Do you have any recommendations?", "That's good. I really hope you find them. In terms of music I like to listed to chilled out Ibiza classics but to some people that isn't relaxing LOL. Classical music can be relaxing also. If in doubt ask Alexa to play a relaxing playlist and someone will probably have done the hard work for you. ", "Thank you! I hope so too. By the way, I would like to start running every morning. Do you have any advice on that? Should I bring water, do I have to eat before or after...?", "Yeah sure. Take water definitely. Eat before but not too much. You just need energy for the run so a banana, fruit or a small bowl of cereal perhaps.", "Thanks! I've always wanted to start running. How did you get into running yourself btw?", "I started walking and realised that just wasn't really getting me fit. I decided to start with small distances and went from there. Some people find it easier than others.", "I am actually really excited for it. I am definitely going to start with small distances in my neighborhood. Hopefully, I will get into it", "You will get into it in no time. Get a tracker or take your phone so that you can chart your progress. It can get quite addictive. :-)", "Are there any helpful apps for running?", "Yeah sure. Strava is a good one. There are loads though"], "history_conv": [["Hi, just got back from riding my horse! You?", "Hey, I am in high school and I want to be a physical therapist.", "Good for you! I do some farming, so I might be calling you!", "Awesome! I make all as in school so I could help you!", "Great, I hope you like music, I rock out when I work!", "Yes, I love music! So we can definitely rock out.", "I've a couple horses, and they like to rock, too!", "Cool! I am a homecoming queen that loves horses.", "You must be very popular and a good person, too.", "Yes, I set a goal to actually run a k this year too!", "I get my exercise tending the farm!", "I am sure you do! I bet it is fun there!", "Come run a few laps here, it is quite a few acres!", "I just might do that! I want to achieve my goal of running a k!", "I am sure you will succeed and win the race, too!", "I hope so! After I get out of high school I want to run more!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My step mom is going through stage 4.", "I have 2 kids.", "I go see Rolling Stones every year.", "I used to dumpster dive to get clothes for the homeless.", "I have a major in Economics. I love guiding people with their money."], "partner_persona": ["I am in remission.", "I have many kids and grandkids.", "I make clothes for my family.", "My cell phone is broken."], "current_conv": ["Have you gotten your cell phone fixed?", "I have not had a chance yet.  I'm still trying to figure out who has the best deals for prices.  I can't believe how expensive it is to fix one!  It's so hard to spare the money when you have so many other expenses, ya know?", "That's frustrating. They make them so hard to fix without taking it right to the original company who basically will charge you the price of a new phone. What broke about it again?", "The screen.  One of my grandkids was watching youtube videos and dropped it and the screen just shattered.  I bet you're smart enough to not let your kids use your phone!  ha!", "Hey, it happens. Lets just say they don't use it now, but I've had something pretty similar happen haha. I buy really cheap phones, and then I keep my last one around as backup incase I break one and need a quick replacement. I could send you my old one if you need something for a bit. ", "That would be great!  I've learned my lesson!  Never again!  The grand kids can use their own devices that their parents buy them if they want to watch YouTube!  Although I think YouTube is terrible anyways!   When is your next Rolling Stones concert happening?", "I know, there's so much crazy stuff out there. They don't have any shows around here until this winter. I'm looking at two events, either in October or December. ", "Will it at least be indoors or is it still warm outdoors in the winter there?", "Yeah thankfully. There is a big stadium they can close the roof on. Nice to be able to sit down for it unlike some shows where you're just standing around a field. ", "I've seen those stadiums!  They're pretty cool!  Much nicer than the shows in the fields!  How's your step mom doing?", "Ups and downs. She is pretty tired some days. She has a great spirit about it though, so that's pretty admirable ", "That's great that she's staying positive.  That mindset always helped me get through the hard times!  Sometimes positive thinking helps more than you'd think!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you tonight?", "Well. Better now that I am in remission. How are you?", "Wow well I am glad for you congrats my step mom is going through stage 4", "So sorry to hear that. She's in my thoughts.", "Thanks are you married? Any kids?", "I have many kids and grandkids to keep me busy. How about you?", "I have 2 kids with my spouse", "How wonderful. Life is precious spend as much time with them as possible.", "Yea but I love time to my self as well like every year I see rolling stones", "That sounds like fun. I enjoy making clothes for my family.", "Really I use to dumpster dive to recycle clothes for homeless no lie", "Helping others makes life meaningful and I cherish it more now.", "Well now with my major in economics I love guiding people with there money", "Too bad my cell phone broke. I would love to text you about my finances.", "O no yea I am always willing to help", "Great we should exchange emails!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog.", "I deliver mail.", "My favorite color is grey.", "I'm scared of scorpions.", "I like Nascar."], "partner_persona": ["I like vegetables.", "I come from another country."], "current_conv": ["So which country did you come from again?", "I came from Australia, I miss it sometimes!", "No way that's great. Where about a in Australia? I've heard it's a beautiful country.", "I grew up in Sydney, it is so beautiful! I'd love to go back and visit.", "That's amazing. I have always wanted to go but the flights are so expensive. When were you last there?", "It's been years! I still talk to friends and family that I have from there. I've been looking into going back to visit for about a month.", "That is so cool. What made you leave?", "My family moved here when I was 15. I just ended up staying here because I made friends here and then ended up landing a nice job! It would be nice to move back if I didn't have a great job. ", "I think a lot of people move these days for work and end up away from their home country. As long as you are happy where you are that is all that matters. ", "That is true! Hows your dog doing/", "He's Ok thanks. Walking him is a chore bit at least it keeps me fit LOL.", "That' nice! What kind of breed is he?"], "history_conv": [["Just got back from playing with barnaby, my dog!", "I just watched snoop and martha", "Cool, I deliver mail, and get a lot of martha catalogues!", "I love to eat vegetables and unique things", "That's great, I like my food grey, the color I like on everything!", "Awesome, I just came here from another country", "Wonderful, I hope there are no scorpions there, they scare me!", "Do you like adventure I do", "I like fast cars, nascar was what my father did!", "Awesome does he like to go to germany", "Oh, of course, it is beautiful there!", "Maybe he can skydive to see a better view", "Ha ha! That would be great! You skydive?", "I want to but no highest I got was rollercoasters"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an old man. I have rainbow hair.", "I am an animal activist.", "Holidays make me depressed. I am alone at Christmas. I live alone. I have a house with 3 bedrooms. I would like some company."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Sara. I am 7 years old. I have secret powers. I can freeze time. I have a wild imagination.", "I love Christmas.", "I am lonely. I live in an orphanage."], "current_conv": ["What kind of adventures do you get up to at the orphanage?", "I have a few friends that have secret powers too. They can do different things like go invisible and stretch really far. We like to hang out and make sure the orphanage is protected.", "That is the most bizarre thing I have ever heard. How did you get these powers and can adults see them or are they just for you and your friends?", "We are the only people we know of that can see them or use them. It would be cool if I could find a family to live with that had them too!", "Well I think you should first agree what you will do with them. Will you use them to help people, or further your evil agends?", "I want to catch bad guys and protect the weak. ", "Well that's a relief. I thought I may be speaking to a supervillain.", "I'm a little afraid of supervillains although I haven't met one yet. ", "Well you will in time as I'm sure you will need to fight them to keep people safe. ", "Maybe when I'm older and stronger. I'm still in training. I need a good side kick. Like a dog or something.", "I think a dog is a great idea. You can train them to fight by your side.", "Like a police dog! They are very scary looking. Plus they wear bullet proof vests!"], "history_conv": [["I just finished spending some time watching birdy fly with my cats.", "Hello I'm sara who are you", "I am just an old man with rainbow hair", "I am 7 and I've powers that no one knows about", "I've powers too as an animal activist!", "I can make the whole world pause! Freeze time", "That makes me kind of depressed, but not as much as holidays do", "Awe I love christmas you do not like it?", "No because nobody comes to visit me I spend it alone", "Awe I'm lonely a lot too I live in a orphanage", "That is very unfortunate of you, maybe you should come live with me!", "Do you have room for me?", "Yeah I have a house with 3 bedrooms and I am the only one here", "Wow that's a huge house", "Yeah I would love some company!", "You would not be scared of my super powers"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a cat.", "I am in Beijing. I play ping pong.", "My father is an electrician. I play electric guitar."], "partner_persona": ["I am in Massachusetts. I work on roofs. I am handy with hammers. I build and fix houses.", "I take after my father. My dad taught me to use a hammer.", "I have cats."], "current_conv": ["How many cats do you have?", "I have six cats. Some would say that is too many cats to have but I really value all of them and enjoy having all of them around at all times.", "Wow! Did you get all of them at once?", "Only two of them were acquired at the same time. They are brother and sister and I got them both from a breeder. The others are all rescues. I find it enjoyable to know that I helped out a helpless animal. In fact, I'm always open to rescuing more so I could imagine having up to nine or ten cats.", "That is interesting. Do you have kids?", "No but I do consider my cats to be like my kids. Maybe that is why I have such an affinity for having so many cats. What about yourself? Do you have kids?", "No, I don't have kids. I want kids soon though.", "Well, until then, you at least have your cat to fill that void! Maybe you should get more cats like me in the meantime. I know some cats aren't fond of other cats coming in to a home. Do you think your cat would be ok with more cats?", "Not at all! My cat cannot stand other cats. How is it working on roofs in the summer?", "I don't mind it but I know its not for everyone. It certainly gets warm up there but a solid layer of sunscreen and plenty of fluids ensure that I have the endurance to do the work. Plus, since I do work on houses in general, I'm able to schedule the roof on cloudy days.", "Okay. Do you own the business or are you a contractor?", "I actually work for with my dad. It's a family business. I suppose I'm lucky because my dad has been a great teacher for the industry. I suspect that when he retires he will pass the business down to me if I'm still interested in working in the industry. What kind of work do you do and is it the reason you are living in Beijing?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Not bad at all, rain got in the way though. How are you?", "I am doing well. Where is it raining?", "Ma. I was gonna finish a roof today. At least the cats will not miss me", "My cat just got out, I hope she comes home soon the streets are busy.", "Ooh, if one of mine got out I'd panic.", "Ya the streets of bejing aren't kind to a little kitten.", "I will say, hope you find her soon. So otherwise how is your day?", "It was pretty decent. I won my ping pong match.", "I'm terrible at that game, give me a hammer not a paddle", "What other kinds of things do you fix.", "I build houses, sometimes I fix them, have my dads genes.", "Maybe I do too. He is an electrician I pay electric guitar.", "Close enough I suppose, my dad put a hammer in my hand at 2."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I majored in chemistry. I graduated school.", "I worked at a weird fashion hipster bookstore.", "I am 35. I like to go dancing on the weekends.", "My hobby is competing in dog agility.", "I do not care about fashion. I like doing hair color. I bleached my hair blonde. My hair is naturally black."], "partner_persona": ["I am angry. I hate school. I have more than one parent.", "I don't have that many friends. I am a 12 year old girl. I stay away from other girls.", "I have long red hair and blue eyes. I don't bleach my hair. My hair goes down to my waist."], "current_conv": ["Is there anything you do like about school?", "Well, I do like art class. I would like to go into art or design when I'm older.", "That's good. What type of art do you like to do?", "I like all types but my favorite are sculpture and pottery.", "I always wanted to try pottery, is it easy?", "It is difficult at first to get the clay to conform to the shape you want. But it gets easier with practice. I'm sure you can find some instructional books on pottery at your bookstore.", "I might just go have a look and see, I believe we do have books on pottery.", "So what kind of dog do you train?", "I train German Shepherds and Poodles.", "I've been begging my parents to get me a dog, but they want to wait until I am older.", "Probably try and do things around the house that can convince them that you're responsible enough to have a dog.", "Yeah, I am trying to be more responsible when it comes to completing my chores on time as well as keeping my grades up."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you? Did you major in chemistry too?", "I'm angry. My parents keep making me go to school even though I hate it", "Omg me too! I graduated, but ended up working at a bookstore!", "Dose your bookstore sell p o box? I know some do and I love it.", "Sorry, no, and they went out of business. It was a weird fashion hipster place.", "I don't have that many friends to play with anyways. How old are you?", "I am 35. But I still go dancing on the weekends! How old are you?", "12. I want to leave school as soon as I am old enough.", "Do you have a hobby? Mine is competing in dog agility. Makes the time pass...", "I stay away from other girls that are jealous of my long red hair and blue eyes", "Good decision! I usually do not care about fashion, but I like doing hair color.", "Oh cool. Have you done anything else fun?", "I bleached my hair. Black now blond. Just hate that orange between the two bleaches.", "I don't bleach my hair. Mine is natural and goes down to my waist"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in small area of America.", "I want to be a lawyer.", "I want to move big area."], "partner_persona": ["I live in America but My family live in South America.", "I have a friend named Noah till 1 year. I have 2 friends who speak a different langues.", "I use Hmong but my dad is bilingual."], "current_conv": ["Have you talked to your family recently?", "Not lately, I have been really busy with school. We do text at least once a day just to check in. Have you picked a big city you want to move yet?", "I feel that, it's hard to balance school and family. And yes, I'm considering San Francisco. Have you ever been?", "That sounds like a fun place to be! I have not been there myself but hope I get to visit some day. Have you ever been there?", "I haven't, but it seems cool. I'm also considering Austin, which feels very multi-cultural. I think I would have to learn Spanish. Do you know any other languages?", "My English is not so good. I speak Hmong. I use the computer to translate. I also use my phone.", "Oh cool! Do you have any friends that also speak Hmong?", "My friend Noah does but he mostly speaks English. His Hmong isn't that great but we understand each other most of the time.", "Nice--I'd love to meet more bilingual people. Where I live is pretty small and not very diverse.", "New York City is a melting pot. I visited there and loved it! Did the whole tourist thing while I was there. ", "I'm so jealous! Maybe I should just move to NYC lol", "Yes! That would be so cool! So many things to do and so many people from everywhere!"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you, I'm from a small area, where are you from?", "Hi there I'm from america but my family moved down to south america", "Cool, I lives in america all my life, I live in a small town", "I used to live in minnesota", "Are there many lawyers there? I'd love to be a lawyer", "Uh I've no idea", "I would love to move to a big city and become a lawyer", "Ok sure I want to make computer like my dad used to", "That is great, please tell me more interesting things", "I had a friend named noah we were friends from ever since we met at 1", "Cool, do you still talk to him?", "Ya not as much since we moved here", "How do you like your new life since you moved?", "It is not so fun I've 2 friend who speak a different langues", "Man I really need to go to the bathroom, what language they speak?", "Hmong and french my dad can translate because he speaks hmong and english"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Dawn.", "I won homecoming queen. I really enjoyed homecoming. I am 16. I am in high school.", "I play saxophone in band at school. I have good grades.", "I like to run. My goal is to run a K.", "I tried playing violin and didn't like it."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Leigh. I am 34. ", "I live in a city. I like to explore the city.", "I play trombone, alto saxophone, baritone, and trumpet.", "I don't run. I work at a shelter.", "I want to learn to play violin. My father plans violin.", "I didn't go to homecoming."], "current_conv": ["What is it like working at a shelter?", "Sometimes hard, the stories you hear are pretty sad. But it's always uplifting. Everyone is always pretty thankful for the help. ", "That's good, yeah I imagine some of the things you would hear are upsetting. It's very good that you help people. How did you get into that line of work?", "I just started volunteering one day in highschool to get some hours for graduation. I didn't expect to do it long but I felt so needed there and the work seemed so important to me. ", "Awesome. I'm not sure what I want to do as a career at all.  Maybe volunteering will help me decide. ", "You're young, don't worry too much. But yes, any sort of volunteering would be some great life experience, even if you go to a local library and help them put books back or something. Anything will broaden your horizons a bit. ", "That's an idea. It will probably help with my college applications as well!", "For sure, it always looks great. What are your hobbies right now? Maybe you could find something that intersects. ", "At the moment I am playing in my school band and have just taken up running. I'm training at the moment and hoping to run a K next week. I'm so unfit but!", "Wow, that's more than I've ever run. I just can't push myself like that. ", "I didn't think I would like running but I actually do. Have you found any new parts of the city?", "I found a small street in China town I didn't know about before. They have a little market some days with some really interesting food. Always a nice treat. "], "history_conv": [["Hello. I'm dawn. Who are you?", "Hello. I'm leigh. I'm at a park I've never been to.", "Cool. What park? I won homecoming queen and went to the park that night", "Not sure. I was just exploring the city and found it. How old are you?", "I am 16. Currently in high school. How old are you?", "I am 34 and I play many instruments. Are you in band?", "I'm in band at school. I make straight as! What instruments do you play?", "I play trombone, alto sax, baritone, and trumpet. You?", "I play the sax. Do you run? My goal is to run a k!", "I don't run. I'm constantly moving at the shelter I work at though.", "You should try to run! Its fun! Moving is good too!", "No! I'll start violin as a new hobby, like my father.", "I did play the violin last year in band. I didn't like it", "It isn't for everyone. My dad made his living. I will try.", "Did you go to homecoming when you were in school? I had a blast at mine", "I did not go. Who did you go with?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to dance.", "I used to live in a dangerous situation. My aunt helped me. I used to live in Somalia. I am against gun violence."], "partner_persona": ["I am 4 years old and enjoy coloring.", "My mom is a pole dancer. I have a pet turtle. My dolls and turtle are my only friends.", "I spend most of my time inside.", "I sometimes have to eat food from the alleys."], "current_conv": ["I had a dance practice today. I was so tired after practice. ", "What kind of dancing do you do?", "I love ballet dancing. Have you ever tried ballet?", "No, I'm too young for that, although one of my dolls, Katie, is a ballet dancer.", "How many dolls do you have? I enjoyed playing with my dolls when I was growing up.", "Three!  Katie, Sally and Ken, they keep me company when my Mom is at work. She works late at night and brings home bags of dollar bills!", "If there's one thing I love more than ballet it's bags of dollar bills! Does your turtle have a name?", "Yes Milely!  She listens to me tell stories about stuff when I'm waiting for Mom to come home.  With Miley, I'm never alone!", "In the alleys, are there any foodstuffs that you're likely to pick up? Leftovers?", "Stores just throw out perfectly good stuff all the time!  We save money so Mom can buy her \"Stuff\" and then we go home and she sleeps all day until it gets dark again.", "Ah, that makes sense. Sounds pretty tough. Actually reminds me of when I was growing up in Somalia. I'd have killed for some fast food back then.", "Somalia?  Was there shooting every night like it is here?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there! I love to dance, what do you do for fun?", "Oh cool. Pole dancing? Well I am only 4 and enjoy coloring.", "How would you know what pole dancing is then, dear?", "My mom is a pole dancer. My pet turtle is my best friend.", "That is so sweet. Is that your only friend?", "Ya they live next door. And my dolls. I live a sheltered life.", "That's ok! You have plenty of time to grow and learn. I'm from far away.", "Like in the clouds? I don't really get to see sunlight.", "My aunt helped me to escape a dangerous place. Now I live a better life.", "Were you a slave? Sometimes I have to food found in alleys.", "I lived in somalia and had to fight to survive. You will make it!", "Do you own fully automatic rifles then?", "Oh honey no, guns aren't the answer.", "Wouldn't that just be your personal view?", "You are only 4, you should not be worrying about this", "My guns have dolls. Some of them would not be alive today if they didn't."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Leon. I am an audio engineer.", "I am not doing well. My girlfriend just left me. I am single.", "I like to stick indoors.", "I think I need to move. The market decline is having a negative impact on my life.", "I do not have dogs, but I would like to."], "partner_persona": ["I go to the gym a lot. I enjoy the treadmill. I like using a rowing machine.", "I live in Ohio.", "I will be moving soon for personal reasons.", "I have 2 dogs, a springer spaniel and a labrador."], "current_conv": ["So why do you have to move?", "I burnt too many bridges here and I want to start fresh in a place no one knows me. Small towns are nice to visit but not for long term.", "Yeah I get you. I hope you find a good small town, Which ones are you considering?", "Oh no. I'm coming from a small town. I want to go bigger. I'm tired of small towns. Everyone gossips.", "That makes a lot more sense. haha! Big cities are the same if not worse, depending on what crowd you are in. If you are in the world where networking is your life, then they gossip too.", "That is so true! Where do you think you might move to? East coast or West coast or somewhere in-between", "I feel like moving to Santa Barbara. It is a good size city, but also low key. Have you been there? Is it on the west coast.", "No but it sounds nice. I will google it. Maybe it's right for me. ", "It could be. What towns are you looking into? Have you seen some places yet?", "I want to find an area with great city night life and parks to visit during the day. Do think Santa Barbara is like that? I don't want to drive too much either.", "Maybe Sacramento up north or San Diego down south. I feel like those may be your best bet. I like both of those cities.", "That sounds great. Maybe we could get together when we move! Go out for a night on the town!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, my name is leon. I am a audio engineer. How are you?", "Hello, leon. My dogs and I are doing well.", "That is good to hear! I've been better, my girlfriend just left me.", "Oh no. I go to the gym a lot. The treadmill keeps my mind off things.", "I tend to stick indoors but maybe the gym will help, thanks.", "You are most welcome. The rowing machine is nice too.", "That's a full body work out right there. Do you live in california?", "Sadly, no. My dogs and I are in ohio.", "I think I need to move. My studio is tanking after the decline of the market.", "Oh no. I'm moving soon as well. Due to personal reasons.", "Well I hope your reasons work themselves out. What kind of dogs do you have?", "I've a springer spaniel and a lab. Do you have pets?", "Sadly no, they can be very destructive in an audio booth.", "That's for sure. What kind of music?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a professional dog walker.", "I love dog. I love kayaking.", "I am not married. I am graduated. My major is Psychology. i love to read psych journals. I will start phd next year."], "partner_persona": ["I love dog.", "I love hamburgers and french fries, but not soda.", "I am married and i own a house."], "current_conv": ["Do you think to buy a dog ", "I have been watching the shelters around me. I'm thinking I may go get one this weekend!", "Awesome! Any idea what size or breed you would like or are you not bothered?", "I like the idea of a bigger dog. They're just so big and friendly. There's a nice lab I visited. He's still on hold and getting some shots, but I haven't stopped thinking about him. ", "Hopefully you will be able to get him. Labs are great dogs although they do need alot of exercise. Do you think you will need a dog walker or will you be able to do that yourself?", "We have a pretty decent sized yard, and a nice dog park in our neighborhood. But, if I do need a walker, I know who to call!", "Haha, good to know! There is a lot more competition now, loads of people have started up dog walking business' near me. ", "I imagine it's an easy business to start, but hard to keep with it. How long have you been doing it?", "I started it in college. It took alot of effort to build up my business' but now mostly it is repeat customers as they trust me with their pets. I do enjoy it , nearly all of the dogs are well behaved.  ", "That is nice, you have long term customers at least. How do you think your PHD studies will work in with your business?", "It should be fine. It is pretty flexible and most people understand. What about your work?", "I guess it could be a nice break from studying sometimes too, getting outside and walking around. It's been fine. Work is work, ups and downs. I can't complain though. Pays the bills. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you this evening?", "I am well! Just got back from taking a walk.", "Same here! I'm a professional dog walker. Just walked two labs.", "Oh that sounds fun. I like dogs.", "Me too! I love kayaking almost as much.", "I love hamburgers and french fries, but not soda. Are you married?", "No, single. I just graduated college. You?", "I am married and we just bought a house.", "Oh, very cool. I hope you two like it.", "Yes it is nice. Is kayaking dangerous?", "Depends on where you do it. On rapids, yes. On streams, not so much.", "I see. What did you major in?", "Psychology. I read a lot of psych journals in my free time as well.", "That sounds like a lot of work.", "It was. Getting started on the phd next year.", "Education is something that no one can ever take away."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I also like mexican but prefer cheesburgers.", "I am a helper at a soup kitchen.", "I was a gym teacher and now I am retired.", "I like war documentaries. I love watching documentaries in my spare time."], "partner_persona": ["I like cooking and eating mexican food. I like trying new food. I like cooking shows.", "I own a yacht.", "I have visited a lot of countries.", "I need to get a job. I would like to teach economics."], "current_conv": ["What was the most beautiful country you have visited? Or at least give me your top 5, I would like to hear it.", "My favorite region is the Caribbean so I would say top five are Jamaica, St. Lucia, Aruba, The Dominican Republic, and Barbados.", "Wow, you've really seen a lot of the area! I've been to the Dominican Republic, but haven't been to any of the others yet. But now that I'm retired, I'm hoping to take more vacations - especially cruises!", "Yeah, cruises are the best. It's like two vacations in one. The trip there is a vacation and then when you dock, you have another vacation exploring the country.", "True. Not to mention all the food you can eat! And an on board gym to balance it out...haha. I've got to stay in shape because sometimes I still substitute teach if they need someone for the gym classes. ", "Yeah, lol. There is nothing worse than a gym teacher that is out of shape. I'm thinking about teaching economics online so I can still travel the world.", "That's a great idea. Would you be able to teach from your yacht? I'm sure the students would love to see that!", "Yes, I can teach from my yacht because I have a satellite internet system installed. As long as the weather is great I can get online and my yacht would serve as motivation for them to manage their money well too.", "That's so true! I'm sure you'll be a great economics teacher because you've lived it, and have so much real life experience to share. And telling about all the places you've gotten to visit will be motivating as well!", "So, have you seen any good documentaries lately? I have a Netflix subscription that I watch sometimes in the middle of a trip.", "Have you seen Dawn Wall? That one was amazing. It made me want to go to Yosemite! You'd have to find another mode of transport besides yacht though...", "No I haven't seen that one yet, but I've seen Free Solo, which is about a similar subject so I think I'll like it."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today?", "Good today. Just cooking some mexican food. I cooking but am not very good.", "Oh I like mexican food, but my favorite food are cheeseburgers", "I inherited some money and bought a yacht to travel, I try different foods traveling", "I help out at a soup kitchen since I grew up poor.", "Cheeseburgers are great, I try all kinds of foods everywhere I go, gotta love food.", "Yes, do you like war documentaries? I do", "I like travel logs and have been all over the world for years since high school", "Sounds great, I'm retired, I was a gym teacher", "I need a job and will put my yacht up for rent. I could teach.", "Sounds like a good plan, what would you like to teach?", "Economics would be my first choice.", "That sounds good, I bet you'd be a good teacher.", "I'd try. What hobbies do you have now that you are retired?", "Watching was documentaries, how about you?", "I like cooking shows. I should probably take some classes to improve."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I moved into a new house a week ago.", "My son loves watching star wars. My son is unique but he has been acting weird ever since he found out I am pregnant. I am pregnant with twin girls.", "I work in a bank."], "partner_persona": ["I received powers from surgery I had last week. My heart is outside my body.", "I also had a brain transplant and can move objects with my mind.", "I am feeling okay."], "current_conv": ["I am very exhausted from redecorating my new house. Also, job has been rough lately", "how many more rooms have you got to decorate at your new place?", "just my son's room and the twin's future room. Only so much i can do in a day, but i can only imagine what you can accomplish with your powers in a day.", "well exactly I can do things in a fraction of the time these days, I was going to offer my assistance! When are the twins due?", "3 months from now. I have my own stool at the bank for me to sit on to rest my feet. I can only imagine how much free time you have.", "really getting there! Glad to hear the bank are helping you out, I was worried the stress of your work might not be doing the twins any good", "The stress is being kept at bay. You want to talk about stress though, the stress i would be under if i was like you with my heart outside my body. What do you do to protect it?", "yes I do have to be very careful! Avoiding crowds is one of the keys to success I'd say. Although it is covered by a lightweight metal frame, so that takes most of the little knocks without any worries", "That's good to know. You also have your telepathy if you see anything harmful coming. Be able to stop it that way. Have you used your powers to help anyone? ", "unfortunately it's not easy to use my powers to protect myself, the heart being on the outside is my kryptonite if you will!  I have been trying to use my powers to help people, but it often freaks them out a little. I did manage to stop a car before it hit a pedestrian though", "HAve to do what you can do. Glad you can help someone in need. Made try a way to make your appearance more inviting. Kind of how i'm trying to make my new home.", "yes that's a good idea. maybe if I help you out with the rest of your decorating you could help me out with my appearance?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How is it going?", "I had surgery a week ago now I've stranger powers", "Wow, like what?! A week ago I just moved to my new house.", "I am just a boy with a heart outside my body", "That is not where it belongs.", "Had a brain transplant now I move objects with my mind", "My son says he can do the same after watching star wars", "Your son sounds really awesome", "He is unique. He has been acting weird since finding out I'm pregnant.", "Wow congrats that is so cool", "Thanks but it makes my job at the bank really hard.", "I bet, are you banking on a girl or boy?", "Two girls. I'm hoping they are omnivores like me.", "Yeah nice job getting all those blue sentences in!", "I do not know what you are talking about. Are you feeling ok?", "Yes I'm thanks so much!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am female. I am a feminist.", "I like country music but only if it is by female artists. I also have solar panels.", "I only buy organic food.", "I have a hairy armpits."], "partner_persona": ["I love country music.", "I have met taylor swift.", "I am a manager in convenience store.", "I drive nissan but I need new one.", "I am 40 year old woman.", "I like frogs and frog legs."], "current_conv": ["I finally managed to order organic food off the internet, but will definitely visit your store soon", "That's nice. Do you have a favorite Country Music artist?", "Of course, I really like Maggie Sajak. I only listen to female artists, and I find her music very unique and interesting.", "I have only listened to her popular songs. I have not listened to much of her catalogue. How good is she?", "She very good and talented. I wish she would release another song, or even an album. Its been a while since her last release.", "Hmmm. I will definitely check her out. I love country but I have been listening to some Reggae lately.", "Reggae is interesting to listen to as well, have you found a favorite artist for that genre yet?", "Yes, I like Protoje. He is very very good.", "I haven't had the chance to listen to him yet, what's your favorite song from him?", "\"Who Knows\" featuring Chronixx. It's a really cool song.", "I'll give it a listen to when I have the chance. Have you had any troubles recently with your work in the convenience store?", "No, not at all. Everything has been smooth. How efficient are those solar panels?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you? I'm a feminist.", "Oh my I just love country music! Do you?", "Only if they're female singers. Solar panels are all over my roof.", "Solar panels rock! I have actually met the taylor swift herself", "Seriously!? I only buy organic food like taylor swift.", "That is great. I manage a convenience store", "Wow. Can I have organic stuff? I'm browsing the internet a lot.", "Oh of course! I drive a pathfinder, nissan, I need a new one", "Try to win one off of a twitter contest. I did, and enjoy twitter.", "I didn't know there was a twitter contest", "Ya, are you a female?", "Yes I'm, I'm 40 years old", "Females rock. My armpits are very hairy.", "Are you a woman? If hair is your thing yay you", "Yes I am a woman. I used to raise wild frogs.", "Oh I love frogs, and frog legs"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was born with heart outside the body.", "I also like tacos.", "I would like to work similar job.", "I can also move stuff with my mind. I don't tell anyone about my supernatural abilities."], "partner_persona": ["I am watching the race. I feel like eating tacos and watching nascar.", "My coworkers make great tacos on fridays.", "I started working in construction when I was 16."], "current_conv": ["How did the race go? Who was the winner?", "The race is still going on, so I don't know the winner yet.", "ah this must be a long one! Did you get any snacks to enjoy with the race?", "Not yet, but I'm hoping to grab some tacos after the race is done. What kind of tacos do you like best? ", "good shout! I probably enjoy the classic chicken tacos the best, how about you? you seem to be quite the connoisseur", "Thanks for the compliment!  I think my favorite are fish tacos, and I love to add pineapple salsa on top!", "wow that's very different! what inspired you to give that a try?", "I brought pineapple salsa to a party with my coworkers once. They love to make tacos after work on Fridays. They were serving fish tacos and the pineapple salsa really went well with them!  Do you hang out with your coworkers after work?", "well I'll have to give that a try some time.. I'll let you know how it goes! Yeah, I'm the same as you, we hangout most fridays, less exciting though, we just go to a bar usually", "that still sounds fun, it's great to get to know people outside of work.  What kind of work do you do?", "it does, I think it helps in work as well when you know people better. I work in the marketing department for an engineering firm. how about you?", "I work in construction. I've been in that type of work since I was a teenager. I really like it but kind of wish I had gone into engineering. Do you like working in marketing?  That seems challenging to me!"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you this evening?", "Good. Watching the race. And you?", "Ok, for someone with their heart outside their body.", "Oh man. How did that happen?", "Born that way. Had to have a transplant, but it seems ok now.", "Crazy. What do you do to stay happy?", "I really like moving stuff with my mind. And you?", "What! I just need some good tacos and nascar.", "I know, sounds unbelievable but its true. I like tacos.", "The guys I work with make some great ones on fridays.", "Awesome. Where do you work?", "I work in construction. Started when I was 16.", "That is pretty young. I'd like to do that kind of work.", "I think that mind you have can make you more money.", "I do not tell anyone about it. They will come take me away.", "Take you away from where?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am training for a marathon.", "I survived cancer. I am a life coach so I could help you.", "My parents were into sport.", "I would like to eat something healthy.", "I like lit dressing."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer eating food. I can't cook well so it is hard to eat healthy. I am fat because of travelling and trying local food.", "I own a yacht.", "Last time I ran was 10 years ago when I was 13."], "current_conv": ["My marathon training is going really well, yesterday I ran half marathon ", "That's fantastic. Did it feel amazing after everything you went through?", "It did! It felt really good to be back to the level of fitness I was at before pretty much. I still have a bit to go but it gave me confidence. ", "So when is your full marathon?", "It is at the end of next month so I have about 5 weeks or so to prepare. I'm hoping to at least finish even if my time isn't great.", "That's a great attitude. I really need to get my own fitness back up to what it was when I was a kid. What would you suggest?", "I'd start with something easy, maybe just start going for long walks around your local park and you can build up from there.", "That's a good idea. Small, simple steps seem to be better. What about nutrition? It's so hard when I'm traveling.", "Yes it is very important you should try and follow some simple recipes to try and prepare your own food. Maybe start with a simple stirfy?", "Is there a better way to learn than just looking up recipes? That always ends up in disaster for me. I just cannot seem to learn to cook.", "Maybe you could see if there are any local cooking classes. Or failing that sign up for a meal subscription service - then you just need to reheat the meals.", "That's a really good idea for when I'm home. It's hard when I'm sailing though. Maybe I can make some progress at home. What kind of salads do you usually do?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. Just got done with my training run. Training for a marathon.", "Nice! I just like to eat food haha.", "After surviving cancer, I try to stay healthy", "I try to eat healthy but it doesn't help when I can not cook well", "Yeah. Maybe I could help. I am a recently hired life coach.", "I been across the globe for years eating food and now I am fat.", "Well take baby steps. I am fortunate my parents were into sports.", "I'll rent you my yacht for free for helping!", "Okay. That is a plan. We should meet for a run.", "Sure! The last time I ran was when I was 13 which was like 10 years ago!", "Okay we will start with a half mile. Baby steps.", "I can cook for us after our run. I need the practice haha!", "I will not make a mess, but lets eat healthy, okay?", "How about a salad then?", "Sounds good. Maybe a lite dressing with it.", "What is your favorite dressing?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to paint. I do not like art.", "I drink wine and coffee.  I am 56 years old. I have 2 adult children.", "I do not own a car.  I am a housekeeper. I am a woman."], "partner_persona": ["I like wine and coffee.", "I coach little league.  I have 5 male children.", "I drive a mini van.", "I go to photography school."], "current_conv": ["What type of photos do you learn to take in photography class?", "We've learned a lot of different types actually! Most recently we've been working with candid photography", "That sounds like fun!  I'm always amazed at picture people take!  Photographers are so talented!  All artists are!  I am awful at any kind of art!", "You should try photography sometime! I promise it's nothing like painting.  Maybe we can go out to the city sometime and take some candid urban shots together?", "That would be fun!  I always see cool murals on the sides of coffee shops and always think street art would be a cool thing to photograph!", "Awesome! Are you free this weekend, or do you have to work? It's my husband's turn to deal with the kids on Saturday, so I'm free.", "I'm free!  You'll have to pick me up in the mini-van though since I still haven't gotten a car!  How are your boys doing these days?", "The boys have been a handful lately (as always), but on the whole I love them so much.  They've just got a lot of energy now that it's starting to get warmer outside.", "At least they'll be able to get outside more!  Do all give of them play baseball?", "The older ones do, and I think the youngest will start in a year of two when they're able.  It certainly makes things easier being able to take them all to the baseball diamond and just letting them play on their own.  Organizing their team practices on the other hand is a nightmare...", "I can't even imagine trying to coach little ones!  How old are the ones you coach? I remember when mine were little and played sports!  The attention span was awful!  They'd be in the field picking flowers while a ball rolled past them!", "I've coached ages ranging from 6 to 11.  There's definitely a lot of variability in terms of skill.  Some of them are really into it and very talented, others can struggle to pay attention.  It's always a crapshoot what the team is going to look like."], "history_conv": [["Hello. Do you like painting? I used to be a painter, it was a good life.", "Hello, I like wine and coffee.", "Drank a lot of both in my 56 years on this darned planet.", "I coach little league and have five boys, I need both to help me deal with them.", "I have two kids of my own, grown up now. They never visit. Ungrateful.", "I'm stuck with mine awhile, along with my mini van.", "I wish I could buy a car. I cannot afford it on a housekeeper wage.", "Maybe you should find a second job.", "Where, at hooters? I am 56 year old woman, not what I used to be...", "Age is only a number. You are only as old as you allow yourself to be.", "I like your optimism, I suppose I could learn a thing or two.", "It is never too late to learn. I am going to photography school.", "I do not think art is the right choice, it didn't do me any good.", "Then it wasn't your calling, it is mine.", "Sometimes one has to give up their dreams so someone else can have theirs.", "No, you find your own dream."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jill.", "I am in high school.", "I don't drink. I don't do drugs.", "I have never heard of electric bag pipes."], "partner_persona": ["I work  at Burger King. I am 19. I grill in Burger King.", "I want to move out. I am drug and booze free.", "I play music. I want to be a rock star. I play the electric bag pipes I invented. I like Scottish black metal.", "My name is Cletus Hucklberry."], "current_conv": ["I recently went to a great cafe that just opened that features local bands.  It is nice to go there instead of a bar in the evenings.", "Its good that we agree on the live music scene! I just wished the crowds didn't drink so much beer there!  What kind of music did they play?", "Typical coffee-shop music, some acoustic stuff. It was pretty good. I always prefer live music. Yeah, it was nice to be at a cafe where it was mostly coffee and smoothies! How have your bagpipes held up? Have you still been playing those?", "I hurt my lips on them last week so its been collecting dust for a few days. I plan on getting back soon though and play some new songs. Do you think the cafe would like my bagpipe playing?", "Oh no, I hope you feel better soon! I think they would honestly. They're looking for local artists to build community and get their own name out there so you should definitely look into it! It's definitely unique. Do you write all the music you play yourself?", "Thanks for the feedback! Its hard to find gigs that like Scottish metal played with a bagpipe. Sure, I write all of my own music. Have you ever heard of \"Shake your Bum Bum\"? That is one of mine.  ", "It's definitely unique, but interesting enough to get people's attention. I haven't heard it, but I'll have to look it up! I'm always impressed by people who can write their own music. Hey, maybe the cafe will pay you enough so you can start saving up to move out! How is that process going?", "Well, the folks have been getting a little tired of doing my laundry.  They said they love having me live in the basement but last week I cam home and the locks had been changed. I had to climb in through a window. Whats up with that?", "Whaaat that's crazy! Have you asked them about it?", "They said they didn't know anything about it. What is really strange is they still haven't given me a new key. Maybe I could crash on your couch?", "Hm I don't think my parents would like that. Plus I wouldn't want to make you miss work. How is work going?", "Yeah, I am really important at Burger King and you must have lots of home work. How is school going?"], "history_conv": [["Hi my name is jill how are you today?", "I am doing well. About to go to my job at burger king.", "What do you do there at burger king?", "I'm only 19 and work the grill. I just want to have fun with friends.", "That's cool I still attend high school", "I want to move out. I am drug and booze free though.", "What kind of fun do you and your friends like?", "I play music. I'm going to be a rockstar.", "I hate drugs and don't drink either what kind of music do you play?", "Scottish black metal. I play electric bag pipes.", "Wow I've never heard of electric bagpipes. Are there any videos of them on you tube?", "Yeah, I've videos of me on there. I invented them. They are sweet.", "I'm sorry but I don't think you ever told me your name.", "My name is cletus huckleberry. Nice to meet you."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My husband and I love sports. I prefer track.", "I am from Texas. I now live in Hawaii. I love the ocean and sky in Hawaii.", "I run and I surf.", "I recently started to creating using music and code."], "partner_persona": ["I like to swim. I coach swimming.", "I am a guy. I live in India. I'd like to go to and work in America.", "I code and listen to music.", "I am studying. I am working on programing skills.", "I am not married. My mom wants me to get married and stay in India."], "current_conv": ["Are you in school or are you just studying on your own?", "I am studying on my own from books and online courses. Once I have a solid foundation, I might consider formal education.", "That's cool, do you have any idea what area of programming you might want to formally pursue?", "I am concentrating on the Swift programming language because I am primarily interested in working with Apple products. What about you?", "Nice, I've been focusing on Python.  I think I want to be a data scientist for a sports or entertainment company and I think it'd be a good entry language for that.", "Oh okay. With your sports background, I think you'd be a shoo-in for a position in that field. I'm primarily looking to do freelance work because your skills are all that matter, not if you have a degree from a fancy university.", "Yeah that makes sense, especially if your mom is going to make you stay in India.  Has her mind shifted on that at all?", "No, she is very desperate that I stay in India because I'm her only son and she depends on me. Also, she is afraid I will face discrimination as a foreigner in America.", "Dang, maybe you can get her to compromise and let you try living somewhere like Hawaii.  It's great here and not nearly as far from India as the mainland states.  Lot's of different demographics here too, I doubt you'd see any overt discrimination.", "That's a good idea. The warm climate would be a plus as well. I experienced snow once on a trip and I wasn't a big fan of it.", "Yeah the weather here is amazing, it's one of the best tings about Hawaii! Unless you decide to go way up near the top of the volcanos you'll never see snow either.", "Yeah, and I imagine there would be lots of places to practice my swimming. I'm more used to pool swimming, but I would love to practice some open water swimming."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Trying to hangout online to not have to listen to hubby watching sports!", "What sports is he into?", "He and I both love most sports, but I prefer track and he likes golf!", "I like swimming. I coach locally.", "You do? How fun. Are you a guy or girl?", "A guy. Where abouts are you?", "Hawaii. Moved here from texas and love the blue ocean and skies here", "I d love to see america. I hope to work there one day. I live in india.", "That sounds wonderful as well. A bit hot maybe", "The humidity is lethal. Texas gets pretty hot though doesn t it?", "Horrible. Humid too. I prefer hi since besides running I surf.", "Wow. You sound cool. I code and listen to music. Boring life.", "Just start creating using music and code. Not boring but creative!", "My programming skills will need some work, I m still studying.", "That s okay. At least you re still growing and moving forward", "My mother thinks I should just get married and stay in india."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just rented an apartment with my best friend.", "I don't like chicken. I am blonde with blue eyes.", "I like photography and take photos at the bar. I work at the bar. I am saving for college.", "I teach fourth graders. I teach piano and vocals.", "I don't have a girlfriend. I am in a band. I'm busy with my band and teaching.", "I speak Spanish and English.", "I like silver over red."], "partner_persona": ["I have a boyfriend. We just rented an apartment and we move in next Tuesday.", "I do photography as a side business.", "I teach fourth grade. I teach history.", "I speak Spanish, English and French.", "I prefer muted tones of red and silver."], "current_conv": ["My band got a gig this weekend at the bar I work at.", "That is awesome! Do you write your own music/lyrics?", "We do about half the time, the rest of the time we do covers. Do you go to concerts very often?", "Yes, I love going to concerts! I hope to go to some this summer. What type of music do you all play?", "We do mostly metal music with some punk influences. My fourth graders get really confused when I try to explain it to them.", "I bet, do you play the piano and sing for them during class?", "Yes I do, they really like it when I play the piano and sing in Spanish.", "Neat, I bet they really enjoy that. Have you and your best friend moved into your new apartment?", "We did, I'm trying to figure out which ones of my photographs to put up around the apartment. Do you display your photographs at your place?", "Yes, I do--I have several photographs of some of our favorite places around our apartment.", "That's awesome. Where was your favorite photo taken?", "At a lake near our home. The photo was taken at sunset during golden hour, it is several years old and still my favorite."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I just got an apartment with my best friend!", "Very nice! My boyfriend and I move into our new on next tuesday", "Awesome, I don't care for chicken, but I'm a blonde with blue eyes", "Do you like photography? I do it as a side business.", "Yeah, I sure do, I take lots at the bar, I work there, saving for college", "I teach fourth graders, most nights I need a drink.", "Yeah I hear ya man, I really do teach fourth graders", "Do you have a girlfriend? My boyfriend says I'm always playing matchmaker.", "I don't too busy with my band and teaching", "What subject do you teach? I teach history.", "I teach piano, and vocals", "How many languages do you speak? I'm up to three.", "I am at 2, spanish and english", "I speak those and french. Do you like red or silver?", "I like silver more, I think it looks sharp, especially chrome", "I'm more partial to the muted tones of each color."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to have blocks. I'm in rd grade.", "I go to Disney World every summer. I get special candy in Disney World.", "Mickey is my favorite."], "partner_persona": ["I have to give up chocolate.", "I love snow. I can roll in snow. I can not go to Disney.", "I want to be like Pluto. I do not know how old I am."], "current_conv": ["I just found out I am going to Disney next week. I can't wait to get some candy.", "That sounds exciting! What kind of candies do think you will get this time? Also, will you bring some back for me to try?", "I like licorice and salt water taffy. Do you like those old fashioned candies ?", "I enjoy almost any type of candy. So, are the licorice and salt water taffy the special candies that you get in Disney World? As long as its not chocolate, you should bring some back for me to try.", "Ok, do you want me to Bring you some Pluto themed toys ?", "That would be awesome! I can pay you for them. I don't want it to be a burden on to you. Do you think you'll bring back some Mickey themed toys for yourself?", "I think I have enough Mickey stuff, but I now that I will buy some more. I think I will have to give away some of my Mickey toys to make place.  Do you want some ?", "If you are going to get rid of them, I would be happy to take them. I have a niece who would love them. I think she would be very happy to have a few new toys. ", "That would be my pleasure. I like to know that they will be still be appreciated. Do you keep all your Pluto toys ?", "Of course! I have a bit of a Pluto shrine going between all the toys, shirts, and other general paraphernalia related to Pluto. I assume you do something similar for you Mickey gear?", "There are some items that I keep, but I like to have a rotation. So I never need more space and I still have new stuff. Do you think you will need more space for your collection ?", "If I keep accruing more Pluto related items, of course. I don't intend to get rid of any of my stuff related to Pluto. I do like the idea of decluttering my space by getting rid of some of my Pluto items but I just can't do it. I take pride in my collection."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you tonight?", "Ruff, hey! Ruff ruff. How are you?", "I'm good. Are you a dog?", "Nothing just singing and looking at my building blocks! Ruff", "I had blocks when I was little. But I'm in grade 3 now!", "Not yet! But I'll be soon! But I've to give up chocolate.", "Why? Chocolate is great! I get special candy in disney world every summer", "Wait... What? I am confused. Dogs ca not eat chocolate and I'll be a dog soon.", "You are hard to understand. Let it go! Let it go!", "I love snow, I can roll in it! Dogs can not go to disney ruff", "Disney has dogs! Pluto is a dog! But I like mickey better! My favorite!", "Maybe I can teach pluto abc song! I want to be a dog just like him!", "You can! That would be fun. How old are you little doggy?", "I do not know, what do you mean? Do you like chocolate?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have never been to California. I work in IT. I work from home.", "I go to the gym sometimes for the interactions.", "I love movies. I probably watch too much tv. My favorite show is the Walking Dead.", "I work on my cars.", "I had a girlfriend that was an artist."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Ohio. I am a doctor. I am looking for a job in California.", "I am going to move for my daughter.", "I go to the park for interaction. My favorite movie is Friday. My favorite show is the Walking Dead.", "I like to paint."], "current_conv": ["What part of California to you plan to move to?", "I found a job in San Francisco, so I plan to move there if I get this job! My daughter lives there as well.", "Sounds like a good city to be in if you can afford it. Are you planning on visiting your daughter often after your done moving in?", "I'm hoping all goes well! Yes, I can't wait to visit a lot, we have lot's of plans for when I move..", "Theres definitely lots to do in California as well. I would love to visit there at least once when I get the chance. Seems like an interesting place to have a vacation.", "Oh yes, I'm very excited! Maybe you can plan a little trip when I move.", "Not a bad idea, I'll see if I can get time off from my work as IT. Although I could even continue working a bit if I brough my laptop along.", "That would be awesome! How is your job going by the way?", "Its going well, I feel I am on top of things. I haven't really had any major setbacks or challenges in the past couple of weeks, its mostly been minor inconveniences, which is fine in IT.", "That's good! Glad it's going well. Have you been keeping up with the Walking Dead?", "I have, I just watched the latest episode yesterday. It was so good, I am really excited for season 11.", "Yes, me too. It was so good, I don't know how long i'll be able to wait!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Good I live in ohio working as a doctor looking for a job in california", "I have never been to california. I work in it from home.", "Working from home would be nice. I'm moving for my daughter, she is a prodigy.", "It can be lonely, I sometimes go to the gym just for the interaction.", "Very nice I go to the park for that. Do you like movies, my favorite is friday", "I love movies, I spend a lot of time watching tv, probably too much lol", "I wish I had more time for tv, what is your favorite show?", "I'd say the walking dead. What about you?", "Walking dead is mine too. Any hobbies?", "Working on my cars, what are your hobbies?", "Chasing my daughter around, I like to paint when I can.", "Nice I had a girlfriend that was an artist. Kids are a lot of work.", "Yes they are but they are worth it. Do you have kids?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I got a job yesterday as a life coach.", "I don't have any pets or children.", "I beat cancer. I got into running after that. I am determined.", "I eat clean and am self aware."], "partner_persona": ["I am a dog walker. I like dogs. I kayak.", "I have one young child and another one on the way."], "current_conv": ["I started my job and I am loving it so far.", "That's awesome! So you have clients already? How does it work exactly, do you meet with them in person once a week or so?", "I don't have a bunch of clients yet as I only just started. But, I have a few and am starting to build up a portfolio of clients. Generally speaking, I keep in contact with them via E-mail or phone and do a weekly or bi-weekly meet up to make sure they are on the right track. If you want to try it out, I can get you scheduled with me or another agent for a free month trial.", "Oh that would be awesome! I'd totally try it for a month. Not sure if it's for me but there's no harm in giving it a shot. Especially with the baby coming soon, I need to make sure my life's in order", "I think it would be good for you! I'll speak with one of the other people who work here about setting up an appointment with them to get started. How soon until your next child is born? If its soon, I can try to schedule for your first appointment to be after that.", "It's not due for another 4 months, so I'd be happy to get an appointment sooner! I have a kayaking trip I'm busy planning for right now, but maybe in 2 weeks if there's something available?", "That sounds good. I'll look to see if anyone has availability to add a new client in two weeks. ", "Nice! What did you do before being a life coach? It seems like such a perfect fit for you ", "I was a part-time athletic trainer. I feel like my experience as an athletic trainer is what landed me this job. I know that the people interviewing me were impressed by my previous work history. I had done all kinds of different sports and general athletics related to it. Ironically enough, I actually have never been kayaking though!", "Ah that makes a ton of sense, they seem like similar jobs at least in some respects. Encouraging people and helping them meet their goals. You should totally try kayaking! It's super versatile, it can be relaxing on a lake or thrilling doing whitewater", "I've always been interested in Kayaking but never really had the opportunity to get in to it. Do you think you could help teach me a bit and maybe we could go on a day of kayaking together?", "Yeah that would be so fun! It's really easy honestly, there's a bit of skill with steering but once you get the hang of it it feels super natural.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi want to get to know each other?", "Sure thing. What is your job?", "I just got hired yesterday as a life coach, thanks for asking", "Wow, I am a dog walker. That's way cool", "Does that make you happy? Do you like dogs?", "Yeah dogs are cool. I kayak too. Do you have pets?", "I do not. But I'm so glad you do something that brings you joy", "Yeah. What do you like to do?", "I got really into running after I beat cancer", "Wow you must be brave", "Just determined. I'm not taking my second chance for granted", "Good idea, you sound like an amazing human", "Thank you so much. It is all about clean eating and being self aware", "Makes sense, you'd be a good role model. Any children?", "No, not yet. Do you?", "Yes, a new little one on the way too"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do knitting to relax.", "I am an older woman who is afraid of dying.", "I don't love music but I love baking cookies.", "I have a shirt with a photo of my dogs.", "I like Waylon Jennings."], "partner_persona": ["I play video games. I play Fall Out. I am thin and blonde.", "I love music.", "I wear my favorite band t-shirts for inspiration when baking. I have a great PB cookie recipe.", "My favorite band is Fall Out Boy.", "I'm in Jersey. I am running a marathon next week."], "current_conv": ["I baked PB cookies in the shape of my dogs! ", "That sounds cool. Did your dogs have to pose while you made them haha", "Haha. He would not sit still that long. He runs around the kitchen when I bake.", "He must be asking for a treat. I bet you cannot resist. I feel bad when I have to say no to pets because I know the food they want is not good for them.", "I am sure the smells drive him crazy, but you are right. The food I bake is not good for them. I have dog treats on hand anytime I bake for this reason.", "You are one smart cookie. I need to start having them on hand. I usually leave my station and then get them the treats. Have you knitted them anything cute lately?", "Not recently. I have been consumed by trying to find recipes. I tend to hobby jump quite a bit. I am sure I will start knitting like crazy once I get tired of baking. ", "I get what you mean. I wish I had more options of things to do. What else do you think I should get myself involved in?", "You like baking and running. So you have eating and exercising down. Have you tried to learn to play an instrument?", "I have yet to play an instrument. The closest I got to it was playing the recorder in school haha Did you ever have to play that instrument?", "Maybe learning to play would be a great hobby for you since you love music so much! I dabbled with the piano years ago but don't play anymore. ", "The piano would be a beautiful one to play. I know people that play and I can listen to them play forever."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "Great! Relaxing, taking a break for a few. I was playing a video game.", "What video game? I relax by knitting. Love it!", "I was playing fall out. What do you look like? I m blonde thin.", "I'm an older woman who is afraid of dying.", "I hope your youth was full of music. I love music.", "I don't love music much now. I do love baking!", "Me too, as I wear my favorite band t shirt s for inspiration", "Who is your favorite band? I have a shirt with my dogs photo on it I wear.", "That s cute. My favorite band is fall out boy. Yours?", "Waylon jennings is my favorite! Next weekend is county wide bake sale. You coming?", "I m in jersey. I m a runner. I've a marathon next weekend.", "Oh good luck! The bake sale feels like a second home to me!", "I bet. What are you making? I have a great pb cookie recipe.", "Would you share? Cookies are my favorite to bake!", "1c pb, 1c sugar, 1 egg. Mix and roll. Bake for 10 12 mins."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love music. I listen to Tom Petty.", "I graduated in 1995.", "I work in mining."], "partner_persona": ["I love music.", "I just moved here.", "I am interested in nursing. I work at a bar.  I go to school.  I pay for school myself."], "current_conv": ["Today, a wall almost collapsed on me and my crew. The danger is one of the reasons I really don't like the mining field.", "Wow, I've never had anything like that happen to me at my bar. Is everyone okay?", "People are mostly ok. A few minor injuries but everyone got out in time, no broken bones or, god forbid, deaths. I might try to get out of this line of work soon, these kind of incidents just keep happening ", "I'm so sorry to hear that, but I'm glad everyone is mostly okay. Have you thought about going back to school? It's tough to work and to go to school, but I hope it will be very rewarding.", "Yeah, it's just been so long that I'm not sure it'd work for me. I'll think about it for sure. But I might end up doing a similar job that has less hazards, maybe construction or outdoor work. How's school going for you? ", "That's a good idea too, I hadn't thought about it but a change of industries might just be right for you. I don't have a lot of free time between my job and schooling, but it's going well, thank you. It's frustrating to not have much time to do the things I would like to do anymore.", "That completely makes sense, it must be pretty stressful. Are you in any clubs, maybe a band or choir?", "Oh, I wish, that sounds like a lot of fun. I'm a little shy and only recently moved to town for school, so I'm not involved in any activities at the moment.", "That makes sense. It could be a good way to meet new people! Since they'd share at least one of your interests. But I get that time management is super hard on top of a job. How do you like working at the bar? Any crazy customers?", "Yeah, definitely! I'll look into clubs around here. Obviously, bar work isn't nearly as stressful as your job, but you do occasionally run into some very rude customers. On the whole, I really can't wait to get stuck into my nursing and get out of the bar.", "Makes sense, I was a waiter a long time ago and even though some customers were perfectly polite, it was always the rude interactions that stuck with me ", "Exactly! You can spend your whole shift with the nicest customers, but one person can ruin your entire workday. I guess you just have to pick yourself up and move on in that scenario."], "history_conv": [["Hello I love music. Are you familiar with tom petty?", "Hi! I do but I rarely have time to listen in between school and work.", "What is the focus of your studies?", "Are you in school too?", "No. I finished in 1995. What year are in?", "First year, I just moved here with my best friend for school too.", "Its great to have friends. I hope you look after each other that's very important", "So true! So what do you do for a living?", "I'm in mining but I hate it. What is your field of interest", "Aside from nursing, I work at a bar to pay for school.", "Bar work can be fun. You learn so much about human nature. Thank you for caring about others", "Of course, it is like a live sociology class too.", "Absolutely!! The subjects are already prepped with truth serum", "I definitely agree! Good perspective. Why do you not like mining?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Susie. I am a school teacher. I love seeing kids learn.", "I have a dog.", "I enjoy walking and walk at least once a day.", "I try not to eat unhealthy food. I love wine."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer.", "I am old and retired. I used to be a fit gym teacher.", "I walk to stay active.", "I love cheeseburgers.", "I love war documentaries."], "current_conv": ["I just bought a nice Merlot for the weekend.", "How does it taste?  What is your favorite kind of wine?", "Oh, it's definitely Merlot. A lot of deep tones and richness to it! Do you ever drink wine?", "I never drink wine, but I do like beer.", "Nothing wrong with a beer now and then, I love having one with my fellow teachers on the weekends lol", "Me too, I usually have a beer with dinner.  I like lagers.  Do you have a favorite beer?", "I like to try a lot of the local breweries, we have a bunch of them in the area. Very unique flavors and styles, but I lean towards lagers myself", "Where are you located? What is your favorite of the breweries?", "I live in Detroit, we have a bunch of them popping up to get the city back up and running. There's a small one not too far away with some killer food as well, delicious sliders mmmm", "Nice, I live in Denver Colorado, myself.  I have never been to Detroit.", "I used to say \"You're not missing much\" but now I'd recommend it :)", "Cool cool, what is your favorite thing going on there now?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I m susie. How are you?", "I'm good. Just got back from some volunteering. How are you doing?", "Are you having problems texting?", "I am an old retired guy, so I might be doing something wrong!", "I am fine, just getting ready for a walk with my dog.", "That sounds like a nice time. I like to try to be active myself. I love walks.", "That s nice. I enjoy walking. I try to do it at least once a day.", "I used to be a gym teacher so I used to be quite fit!", "Wow. I m a school teacher myself. I often get exercise dealing with the kids.", "Definitely! Although now that I am retired I find that I love eating cheeseburgers...", "I guess you earned the right to do it. I try to stay away from the temptation.", "Yup. A cheeseburger and a war documentary are my idea of a good saturday", "That s funny. Mine is a bottle of wine.", "That can't hurt either! What else do you like to do?", "Seeing a kid learn is my passion.", "That's just great. We need more educators like you in the system."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have three dogs. My dogs are friendly.", "I like walking.", "I have a dog-walking business."], "partner_persona": ["I am a student. I am 12 years old. I hate school, especially gym.", "I have long red hair and blue eyes. I cry a lot at school because the boys make fun of me."], "current_conv": ["I got a new client - the cutest little dog you have ever seen. I think it is has some Chihuahua in it. You should see it trying to keep up with my German shepherd!", "What a sight that must be to see! Walk them by my house so I can see them!", "I have a walk at 5pm today. Will you be home then?", "I will! Perfect! I can't wait.", "How is school going? I hope it has gotten a little better.", "Last week was brutal, but this week has been mild. I try to make the most of the good days and not dwell on the bad ones.", "That is a very healthy attitude to take on it. Kids can be so cruel. Keep your chin up!", "I have gym class next period and I am dreading it. We are playing dodgeball.", "I always hated gym class too. I am not athletic at all. I always stood right up front for dodgeball so that I got out asap!", "Great tip! Thanks for the trick!", "I will see you later. The dogs are sure to cheer you up!", "I am looking forward to it. Off to dodgeball :("], "history_conv": [["Hi what do you do?", "I go to school. Hate it! Will you be my friend?", "Sure! You can be friends with my 3 dogs too if you aren't allergic", "Oh, I am not! I am only 12, though. Will they like me?", "I think they will. All of them are friendly! Whats your favorite subject?", "I do not like school at all. And gym is the worst!", "I'm always walking my dogs so gym activities are fun for me", "The boys pull my waist length red hair. That hurts!", "Aww that's not very nice of them. Have you told the teachers?", "No. I just cry out my blue eyes! They all make fun of me.", "Well my dogs won't pull your hair if you ever want to spend time with them", "Okay, thanks! What do you like to do?", "Well I like working in my dog walking business! Dogs are the best", "Better than kids, that is for sure!", "I remember back in school the other kids would always be annoying", "Especially when you are 12! How old are you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a lab named Sirius as a pet.", "I am going to law school. I want to be an agricultural lawyer. I train horses as well.", "I take photos of horses and the surrounding scenery."], "partner_persona": ["I love horses. I own a german shepherd named Barnaby.", "I do not like scorpions.", "I work for the US postal service.", "My favorite color is grey.", "I like to paint in my spare time. I paint weekly as requested by clients."], "current_conv": ["I just got back from training a client's horse, and they lent it to me for a couple of weeks. Would you like to come over to ride it as well, I'm sure it will be a fun time since you love horses as well.", "Yes, I would absolutely love that!", "Cool we could do it this weekend if you're free.", "Sounds great to me, I'm so excited! What is the horses name?", "His name is Bob kind of a weird name for a horse.", "Lol, yes but cute! I can't wait to meet him and take lot's of pictures.", "You can probably bring your paints and do a painting of the horse. I know I am going to have my camera with me and take some pictures.", "Yes, that's a great idea! I'll bring all my painting things with me. Does Saturday work?", "Yeah, that sounds great I am free all day.", "Awesome! Sounds like a plan then. ", "Indeed I am looking forward to it I know it will be a lot of fun.", "Oh yes! I haven't rode a horse in months, I'm very excited!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight. Do you like horses?", "Hi there, yes I love horses and so does barnaby my german shepherd.", "That's a cute name. I have a lab named sirius", "Yeah, barnaby is a keeper and a great scorpion spotter. I hate scorpions.", "I don't have them on the farm. I've seen them in the city though.", "Barnaby found one in my dad old nascar cars right before I sat down.", "Ugh. I do not think I could live with them.", "Only when we visit dad they come out. What do you do?", "I am in law school, but I also train horses", "That sounds cool, better than working for the us postal service.", "I am going to be an agriculture lawyer.", "Now that is different. I paint in my spare time to stay sane.", "I take photos of the horses and scenery.", "They make awesome pictures. I love colors but strangely my favorite is grey!", "Mine is too, but, color is what sells.", "Yes it does, client have me painting fuschia and other wild colors weekly."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an art major in college.", "I have been to Europe before, but I plan to visit again this year. I like to travel.", "I love to cook paella, my favorite dish."], "partner_persona": ["I graduated with a doctorate degree. I work in a hospital.", "I haven't traveled far from home.", "I like to go to the park, and go to my daughter's piano concerts."], "current_conv": ["Is your daughter a professional piano player, or is she in the process of becoming one? What kind of music does your daughter like to play in her concerts?", "SHe actually plays a lot of classial music like Beethoven and Bach, it's fun to listen to her just cut loose and do rock too!", "That's great, classical music is a good foundation that even rock's greatest need to know!  Does she have a concert coming up?", "Not right now, she's off on vacation with her boyfriend in Texas :) Where are you going for your European vacation?", "I'm taking it easy this time and letting a cruise ship do the leg work! Were going to the Greek Isles in June. Can't come soon enough.  What do you think about joining me?", "That would be awesome, I'd love to see Europe. I got so much vacation time built up the Hospital is practically begging me to take time off lol", "The offer is on the table! Its time for YOU to have a vacation, not just your daughter!", "Great! I'll have to put in for the time. My daughter gets plenty of time off, time for mom to have some lol", "Exactly! You'll love it. I'll have you traveling all over Europe with me in no time :)  I'll have to find some good places for live music, that way you can send videos to your daughter; she may find it interesting to hear how people play in other countries.  Then again, it may be exactly the same, who knows~!", "My daughter would love that, she has always wanted to travel overseas and perform for other countries :)", "That sure would be a dream job, talk about loving what you do!!! Although I can truly say I love working in the candy shop, everyone is so happy to be there and I just get to eat free candy all day.", "That would be awesome too! I'd be having to exercise a whole lot more, though!"], "history_conv": [["Are you in college? I'm an art major", "I'm not in college, I graduated with a doctorate degree", "That's neat. I am visiting europe again this year, have you ever been?", "Farthest I've ever been away from home was at the park", "Do you have any hobbies?", "Going to the park is my favorite hobby. Or going to my daughters piano concerts", "I enjoy traveling and cooking.", "What kind of stuff do you cook?", "Paella is my favorite dish to cook.", "I've never heard of it.", "It is a rice dish from spain.", "Sounds delicious, I should try it sometime", "Are you currently working at a hospital?", "Yes I'm but I would like a new job soon", "I hope you find a new job soon.", "Thank you, I am definitely looking"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like taking walks and taking pictures.", "I am moving with my boyfriend to a new place.", "I like to eat healthy. I am an elementary school teacher.", "I speak English, French, and Spanish.", "My favorite colors are red and Silver."], "partner_persona": ["I love photography. I love to take pictures of my food.", "I like kids."], "current_conv": ["What type of photography is your favorite?", "I mostly take simple close-ups of my food. I know its cliche, but I enjoy it.", "Do you share those on Instagram or other social media sites? ", "Yeah. I'll send you a link later. I took this great picture of my jambalaya at a cajun restaurant the other day. It was so colorful (and tasted even better).", "Thanks, I would really enjoy seeing those pictures. Do you have a lot of followers that like your photos? ", "Not really. I take the pictures for myself and don't spend any time promoting them. Maybe one day I'll become a professional and start making money off them", "That would be an awesome job!! Eating great food and taking photos of it would be my dream job lol ", "I'd be happy just getting a free meal in exchange for the photo.", "I do think some companies actually do that. Might be something to look into in the future.", "Good idea. Maybe we could go for a walk some day and I could try my hand at nature photography. I'm too scared to walk in the woods by myself.", "I would love to come along. I would bring my new camera!!!!", "For sure. I can show you when to use the different settings on the camera."], "history_conv": [["Hi. How are you?", "Hello, I'm doing very well thank you. I just came back from a walk.", "Ah. I love taking walks and taking pictures.", "I love photography, I'm always photographing my food.", "My boyfriend and I'll cook in our new place together next week.", "That is nice, do you drink soda and eat fast food?", "No. Trying to eat healthy in front of my elementary school class.", "I like kids, I would love to have a large family.", "My students are my family.", "How sweet! More teachers need to have that attitude.", "I am trying to teach them spanish and french so they are fluent like me.", "At the same time? Does that work very well?", "They learn quickly so yes.", "I've heard it is best to learn when you are little.", "My classroom is red and silver. My favorite colors.", "That is very pretty. Like christmas all year long."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like hummus.", "I'm from German. I just moved from Germany."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like hummus. I'm currently incarcerated. I am scheduled to be released from Juvenile detention center in a month.", "I like swimming."], "current_conv": ["What are you most excited to do again once you leave Juvenile detention?", "I can't wait to sleep in my own bed. I watched channel 13, I need you to send new instructions LOL", "I bet! How are the beds there? I could only imagine how uncomfy they might be! I can do that.", "It isn't so much the beds as it is the lack of  peace and quiet. ... I get why it's like that, It was my own choices that got me here. So, How are you liking your new home? Do you miss Germany?", "Yes, I do like my new home I just get a little home sick at times. I defiantly miss Germany.", "How long have you been in America?", "It's been a little less than a month, so I'm still adjusting but it's been challenging! ", "I have never been out of the state, much less the country. It must be all new!! Do you like the food here?.... that's the next thing I am excited about leaving juvi for ... good food", "Oh yes, the food has been very tasty! The pizza in America is amazing. What is the first thing you want when you get out?", "PIZZA!!! ... what kind of toppings do you like?", "Mmm, so yummy! I love banana peppers on mine! What's your favorite topping?", "all meat is my fav!  with extra pepperoni. Hey,,,, the banana pepper reminded me of the stretchy banana you joked about regarding escaping me from juvi ... Escaping is such a temptation but I keep reminding myself that it is less than a month now"], "history_conv": [["Do you like hummus? I enjoy it very much.", "No I don't like hummus. I'm locked up.", "I'm from germany, do you like roller coasters?", "I'm using the library at the juvenile detention center.", "Are you good at swimming? I can help you get out.", "I'm a great swimmer. What is the plan?", "Do you have access to explosives and or nun chucks and can you skydive", "I'm scheduled out in a month, but if the sooner the better.", "I can get you out tonight, watch the cooking show instructions will be in the credits.", "Ok, what channel does it come on?", "Channel 13, this may get bloody, but just remember, the banana only stretches once.", "I am ready to blow this popsicle stand. Lets do this. Gotcha, banana.", "I just moved here from germany I am sorry I can not help you", "What? You said you would help me, what kind of low life are you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in a detention center for juveniles. I have shoplifted and been caught. My mom comes to visit me at the center.", "I like comedy movies.", "I live in Texas. My Mom lives in Texas too."], "partner_persona": ["I live near a park.", "I am a doctor. I work at a center.", "I am looking for a new place to work. I need to find a new school for my daughter.", "My favorite movie is Friday.", "I live in Nebraska with my daughter."], "current_conv": ["So how is the weather in Nebraska - has it started to warm up yet? It doesn't get so cold down here in the south.", "It's not very nice today, just 55 degrees, but this time of year it can change pretty rapidly. The weather forecast says it should be nicer on the weekend, so maybe I'll go out for a walk with my daughter.", "Nice. I just wish I could go out for a walk at all. Just three more weeks and I'm out.", "That's good to hear. Do you have any plans for what to do when you get out? I guess you must miss seeing your friends.", "I really want to go out to the movies with my old friends. Some of them never visited or wrote me, though, so I don't know where we stand. ", "I think you should still contact them. If someone disowns you just for getting in trouble when you're young, they're not a very loyal friend. Lots of people get in trouble when they're young. And if they love films as much as you do, it could be a good way to reconnect with them.", "I will get in touch, I'm just afraid they don't want to do anything with me anymore. Even though some of them shoplift just like I did, but didn't get caught. ", "Don't be scared. In life, sometimes people won't want to be your friend because they judge you, but that's fine, you wouldn't want to be friends with someone who would judge you negatively either. When things go wrong, that's when you find out who your friends really are. The important thing, no matter how old you get, is to use your experiences to improve yourself.", "Good advice. How old is your daughter, by the way? Is that the kind of stuff you tell her?", "She's 10. As a parent of course you try to give your kids good advice, but mostly they don't take it. As they say, 'a lesson merely heard is never a lesson learned!' Everyone needs to make their own mistakes and learn from them.", "I agree, just hope the mistakes aren't too bad. Are you still trying to switch schools for her?", "Yes, but it's not that easy because I'm also trying to change my job at the same time, so I have to do lots of things at the same time. I think she could get a better education at a different school but of course it's harder to get your kid into a good school."], "history_conv": [["Hey! How are you doing?", "Great how are you? I went to the park today.", "I bet that was very relaxing. I wish I could leave the center", "What center are you at? I'm work at a center as a doc.", "I am at a detention center for juveniles", "Oh, wow. That is interesting. I have a daughter that is smart.", "I wish I was smart enough not to do stupid things like shoplift", "Oh! That is one of the reasons I am looking for a new center to work at.", "You do not like the place you are at now?", "I need to find a place for my daughter to go to school.", "It is good you are close to your daughter. My mom is seeing me tomorrow", "Changing subject, what is your favorite movie? Mine is friday.", "I like comedy movies but do not have a favorite", "Where does your mom live?", "She lives in texas with me. What about you?", "We live in nebraska. So do you get to leave the detention center?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a new car which is a Nissan.", "I like Taylor Swift. I like horses.", "I am a manager at a gas station."], "partner_persona": ["I have 6 horses. My horse's name is Buttercup.", "I live in a small town.", "I am in high school. I want to go to law school.", "My father and grandfather raised horses."], "current_conv": ["Where do you want to go to college?", "I would like to go to law school eventually! Did you go to college? ", "I went to college, but I have dropped out. Maybe I should not have, I don't like my job very much. ", "Where did you go to college? I'm sorry I misread your question to start .. Doh! I'm open to anywhere so it would be interesting to know how your experience was. How long have you been doing your job?", "I was a community college in my town. At the same I got a job at the gas station, and I worked there since then. So it is about 15 years. ", "Fair enough. That's a long time to be in a job that you don't like - maybe you should try and find something different, something to do with horses? Have you been riding recently?", "Yeah, maybe I could learn something about horses, like therapy with horse. I have not been on a horse since September, I miss it very much. ", "It could be something to do in your spare time - I imagine you get a bit of downtime during night shifts at the gas station? You are welcome to come and see my horses if you'd like, they are missing you :)", "I would like to. Can I go in the evenings ? I work from 8h00 AM to 6h00 PM most of the days.", "Yes definitely! now it is lighter in the evenings you can have a good couple of hours with them! Do you remember Buttercup? She's so grown up now you probably wouldn't recognise her! ", "I remember her, she was very shy. Do you ride her ? ", "She isn't shy anymore, she's such a character! Yeah she's the one I ride the most, as she's my first horse. The others I tend to let other people ride :) Shall we arrange something for later this week then? Shall we say Wednesday night? Horse riding on the beach?!"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing today?", "Hi. Good. Just got in from feeding the horses. How are you doing?", "How many animals you got and I am doing good", "My horse is called buttercup. We have six in all. Do you have pets?", "No just listen to some music and relax", "Yeah. Are you from the city? I dream of moving from this tiny town.", "Hope your dreams come true just working a lot to pay off my new car", "Yeah. Maybe I can get my law degree. What kind of car?", "Nissan and country living fun hope you get your law degree", "Me too. My dad wants me to raise horses like he has and his dad.", "Well last night taylor swift signed my shirt she's nice I like horses", "You must like taylor swift. That is cool. Do you have any hobbies?", "Thinking about dye my hair and just work", "Where do you work? I am still in high school", "Manager at a gas station and that good hope your grades is good", "Grades have to be good for law school. So how is your job?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm overweight.", "I'm an atheist.", "I do not believe in psychic abilities.", "My wife left me and took our kids.", "I spend a lot of time on facebook."], "partner_persona": ["I'm too young to have a job.", "I am having a heart transplant. I believe I have psychic abilities.", "I have a facebook account."], "current_conv": ["I saw a funny meme on facebook.", "What did the meme say? I love funny memes", "It was a cow and the cow was saying \"wake up and so something worthwhile today!? It made me think of my weight loss program, I haven't been going but today after seeing that I'm going to start it up again!", "LOL. That's funny! That's good though, when are you planning on starting up again?", "Going to start tomorrow I think. Tonight I have to go to a party so wouldn't be a good time to start today. I am really greatful to facebook though for showing me that message. ", "Oh nice! Yeah, almost like a sign. What do you do at this program?", "They tell you what kinds of foods to eat and have you follow a special menu and there is a weight loss program where you get vigorous exercise, they increase it little by little.  It will get my health back hopefully. Say, when is your heart transplant?", "That's nice, I hope you stick to it. It can be really good for your health! My heart transplant is scheduled for next month, I'm very nervous.", "It will be okay, try not to worry about it. You are young and have a lot going for you! If you use your psychic abilities I bet you will see that it will all work out!", "Ah yes! I've been trying to stay positive about it, thank you! Soon enough we will both be super healthy, lol.", "Yes, for sure! We have to have a positive attitude, that's all it takes! Every since my wife left and took the kids I have all this time on my hands so I figure why not do something for the health!?", "Exactly! I'm sorry that happened, do you still see your kids?"], "history_conv": [["What do you do for a living?", "Nothing, too young male and been very I'll, too.", "I'm not I will, but I'm overweight", "Oh, that isn't good for your health.", "No. It got worse when my wife left me", "Wow, and I thought having a transplant for my heart that was outside my body was bad!", "Well, that's bad. I'd pray for you but I'm an atheist", "Do you believe in physic abilities like moving objects in same room?", "I'll believe it when I see it", "That has been happening to me since my surgery.", "Wow, how interesting! I should post about this on facebook", "You have my permission. Lose weight and win your wife back.", "I hope I can. She took our kids, too.", "I am following your facebook page to see good results.", "I spend a lot of time on facebook, so you'll see a lot", "Okay, and you can follow mine if you want."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I find it easy to make brownies.", "I am afraid of dying. I visit therapists regularly.", "I am fond of being alone, which helps me appreciate nature.", "When I camp, I only do so on a beach."], "partner_persona": ["I am afraid of dying alone.", "Nature is one of the things that I love.", "I usually camp out in the woods. One day I hope to go camping on a beach."], "current_conv": ["What's it like to go camping in the woods, do you go with friends or a large group, and do you camp in a designated area?", "I go with friends, typically just a small group though. It's a bit easier that way, less people to keep track of and less of a chance people have really different preferences for hiking pace. I love it but the one thing that's annoying is the bugs", "That's why I camp on the beach, much less bugs. Have you tried beach camping?>", "No I haven't. It does sound nice, I'm just not sure where to do it actually. At the beaches near me, I'd be worried a cop would come and kick me out for staying the night", "I just call and get a permit for the night, maybe you can try that? When is the last time you went camping?", "Oh that makes sense, I didn't realize that was a thing you could do. The last time was 2 months ago. It was supposed to be a 4-day trip, but there were some pretty heavy rains and we called it after 2 days", "That's a bummer. Got any cool trip or hikes planned coming up?", "I'm hoping to do a longer trip this summer with multiple stops. It'd be a 2-week backpacking trip through the mountains. But it's gonna take a lot of planning. Do you usually camp for one night?", "I do, but I am thinking of doing a weekend in this canyon near me. It's not the beach, but it's nto a forest either, should be cool. ", "Ooh nice, yeah I bet that'll be awesome. The view must be incredible. I'd love to get to go to the grand canyon one day, have you ever been?", "I went last summer. I didn't camp, but it was totally worth the trip. ", "Nice! I'd love to go rafting down it, it'd be so cool to see the walls towering around me"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "I am good and how are you?", "I am doing well thank you. Finished up a batch of brownies.", "That sounds yummy. I want some brownies", "They are so easy to make. Do you knit?", "I do not knit.", "Are you afraid of dying? I am, my therapists laughs at me for it.", "I think I am more afraid of dying alone.", "I'm always alone, it feels nice. I appreciate nature more.", "I love nature! I'm going camping tomorrow night", "It is too cold here to go camping.", "Its just starting to cool off here.", "Where do you camp? On the beach?", "I camp out in the woods. Too sandy to camp at the beach", "I only camp on the beach.", "Maybe one day I will camp on the beach"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have cancer. I don't have a smartphone.", "I eat mushrooms from the garden.", "I am retired. I served in Vietnam.", "I have grandchildren who are brats."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a shipyard.", "I donate money to charity from my salary. I volunteer at a rabbit rescue."], "current_conv": ["I have just got some more mushrooms out of my garden and am going to put them on a pizza.", "Very cool, do you grow anything else in your garden?>", "the usual's. like tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, green beans, lettuce, strawberries, blueberries.", "Awesome, I wish I could grow things. I have an apartment, but maybe one day when I have my own house. ", "You should look into doing container gardening if you have a spot that gets sunlight. there are actually quite a few things you can grow indoors too.", "I know nothing about this, do you have nay good resources to get me started?", "I would suggest finding a local nursery and asking the employees there. they are very knowledgeable and you can even buy everything you need there.", "I will look into that, thanks. How is your health?", "It's not so great. but that's to be expected. I can at least feel content that I got to live a good life so far. though I do wish to see my grandchildren grow more. even if they are brats sometimes. ", "I am so sorry to hear that. I think you have a great outlook though. Do you know how much longer you have?", "doctors said anywhere from 6 months to 1 year. so I'm just trying to live every day to the fullest right now. ", "That's all you can do I guess. I wish you all the happiness over your remaining days. "], "history_conv": [["I have cancer and no smartphone", "I am sorry, both those things suck.", "I sometimes eat the the mushrooms in the garden", "You would love the shipyard I work in then.", "Pizza is good but sometimes you just wanna eat the pepperoni you know?", "Sure, how many of those mushrooms have you eaten?", "I don't know, but I need to watch the tv", "Ok. I always donate some of my salary to charity.", "I survived vietnam, like you survive in the shipyard, now I am retired", "Congratulations, how are you enjoying retirement?", "I've grandchildren, but I do not wanna see those little brats", "You do not like children? I also volunteer at a bunny rescue.", "Man I was walkin down the street, this dude jumped 300 feet down, landed on his feet", "Was he spiderman? That would creep me out.", "This one time, this guy turned into a alien, and he teleported, nobody believes me", "I believe you, not spiderman but superman."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a family.", "I play the violin. I try to walk three miles a day.", "I enjoy reading."], "partner_persona": ["I visited the city.", "I am a piano teacher, I play a couple of instruments.", "My father was a professional violin player.", "I play the violin, guitar, drums and piano.", "I volunteer at a homeless shelter."], "current_conv": ["I went for a long walk into town today, went past the music store and looked at the violins there. ", "Are you thinking about getting a new violin?", "Yes, I can't wait, my old one just doesn't cut it anymore!", "It's always fun getting a new instrument. Have you been keeping up with your walking?", "Yep, been doing really good with that! Sometimes I can get my kids to go with me. And every once in awhile my husband will go. ", "Very nice, reading any good books lately?", "I've been reading Gone with the Wind again, I just love that book!  Say, was going to ask you, do you think you can give my youngest some piano lessons? I want to get him involved in music. ", "Sure, I'd love to. Piano is a great way to get started with music in my opinion. Have they shown any interest?", "Yes, all my kids have had some interest so that's good, my daughter likes the drums and my other son likes guitar. I figure you would be a good teacher to teach them all since you play just about everything! lol!", "Yeah, I wold be happy to. Teaching kids music is my passion. I stick to piano but I would be happy to help the other out as well. ", "Great! Thanks so much! How was the city by the way? Did you visit some homeless shelters? ", "I sepnt one day exploring and one day volunteering. It was a really great experience. I can't wait to go back, although it will be some time before I have the time. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today?", "Just came back from a visit in the city, how about you?", "Just play some board games with the family. Sounds fun!", "Do you have any hobbies? I play a couple instruments and I'm a piano teacher.", "Nice, I play the violin. I try to get a three mile walk into my day.", "Violin, oh my gosh! My father was a pro violin player and he showed me a lot!", "Wow! Did you ever consider violin? If I'm not practicing, I usually unwinding with a book", "Yeah I actually play the violin, guitar, drums and piano.", "That's cool. I bet you are very talented.", "Thank you. Not as talented as my father, but I try!", "A lot of people do not have the musical ear.", "Sorry I gotta go soon, the people at the homeless shelter are waiting for me.", "Nice! How often do you volunteer?", "I'm a weekly volunteer, I just love helping people! Anyways I gotta go, bye!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I had heart surgery. I believe I can move things with my mind.", "I love the Walking Dead. I like Captain America and Star Wars.", "I like to swim and walk on the beach."], "partner_persona": ["I believe in God.", "I watch a lot of TV. I am a fan of the walking dead. I love Zombie and Vampire movies.", "I like to go to the gym.", "I like working from home."], "current_conv": ["Which Vampire movie is your favorite?", "I think i'd have to say my favorite is Twilight! ", "twilight was okay. but there are much better vampire movies. but vampires have nothing on the walking dead!", "No, I love the walking dead! Have you been keeping up with it?", "I have been. I've even been watching all the spin offs. ", "Me too! I've been watching a lot of t.v. What have you been up to recently?  ", "mostly just catching up on the walking dead and watching the marvel movies. ", "Oh nice! Yeah I've been watching lots of t.v, no movies recently though. I've also been working out a lot!", "working out is good to counteract the sitting on the couch and watching tv. lol I recently had that surgery so sitting is what's good for me right now.", "Exactly, lol. Oh right, how have been after your surgery? I've been praying things went well for you.", "It's been going well. pretty normal as far as recovery goes. which is a good thing. no complications. ", "That's awesome! I'm glad, Hopefully you'll be back to swimming and walking in no time!"], "history_conv": [["Hello. Can you move objects with your mind?", "Hi how are you doing? I am okay no I wish I could.", "I'm great. I had heart surgery and woke up with weird superpowers.", "I'm so sorry to hear that I believe your powers are from the lord.", "I do not know. My heart was outside of my body now it is in.", "I tend to watch large amounts of t. V. On free times.", "I love the walking dead. Are you a fan?", "Yes I am a fan and love zombie and vampire movies too", "I like captain america and star wars.", "What super powers did you awake with?", "Moving objects with my mind.", "Ok that's cool and I like going to the gym most days.", "I like to swim and walk on the beach.", "I've a job inside my apartment I like working home."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am bi-racial, a waitress and race motorbikes at night.", "I have olive skin and brown eyes.", "I have a blue motorbike.  I have a red helmet.", "I like red wine.  I am strong. I exercise.", "My birthday is tomorrow."], "partner_persona": ["I'm invincible. I believe in God.  ", "I dance. I do not dance for a living.", "I am 100 years old. I am strong for my age.", "I do not like radios.", "I like the taste of red wine."], "current_conv": ["My birthday was amazing, I rode my blue motorbike into my own party!", "Did you get any cool presents?", "Yeah, I was super excited to get money from some friends but my favorite gift was a huge platter that each one of my friends wrote a little message to me. So it's big enough for a pasta meal or huge salad with friends sweet messages written all over the bowl.", "That is so cool. That is something you will treasure forever, I am sure. How is your bike racing going?", "Yes, I really will try to keep it nice and safe and only hand wash it. I ride all the time and its going pretty good. I sort of twisted my foot but I am just shaking it off as of now. Anything new going on in your world?", "Not really, when your 100 you", "I bet you are up to date on the daily news though. Do you watch a lot of tv and stay on top of the weather?", "I am sorru I did not mean to submit that last one quite yet. I do watch a lot of news, I try to stay balanced and watch from each side. I am outside a lot so I do stay on top of the weather. Supposed to rain the next few days here, how is it out by you?", "I understand and can appreciate that you do your best everyday. I still want to your the tips for staying in such great health. The weather here is excellent and great for just about anything outside.", "My number on tip for staying in good health is get out exercise. Keeping your body moving and soaking up that sweat vitamin D and you can live to be as old as me!", "Alright, I am taking to heart that advice! I am going to make sure to soak up the vitamin D every chance I get.", "It is so good for you. Even going out on your bike during the day would be good. You get to be on your bike that you love and you get that vitamin D. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, tracy here. I'm biracial, waitress in the daytime and race motorbikes at night.", "Hi there. I'm invincible who could probably live forever", "Wow! I've olive skin and doe brown eyes. You believe in god?", "Yes. And I've lived for 100 years!", "Great! My helmet is red and my motorbike is blue and my eyes are brown.", "Well. I think my longevity is due to wine drinking and dancing under the moonlight", "Cool! I hope you live another 100 years. Is dancing your work?", "No, but I am so old, I remember the time before a television.", "Wow! Are you strong like me. I love to drink red wine under the moon.", "Yes! I'm very strong for a 100 year old!", "Great! I'll be a 101 tomorrow. You like radio programs?", "Radios, not so much. I remember the time radios shows were the norm!", "Funny. You exercise to keep strong like me. Red wine is good.", "Red wine is indeed delicious, but they stain your teeth!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love coffee, mocha in particular. I don't like schnapps in coffee.", "I love mountain biking.", "I used to do construction but want to be an architect."], "partner_persona": ["I love coffee, it's my passion.", "I'm teetotal.", "I have a wife and 3 kids.", "I own a plumbing business.", "I like reading and video games but I spend most of my time with my family. I like reading fiction and biographies the most."], "current_conv": ["I think I am going to apply to university, a friend recommended one that is excellent for architecture. ", "Oh that's awesome. when are you hoping to start going back to school?", "I am thinking in the fall I will start back. I am done doing construction, finally had enough of that!", "I can see how construction can become tiring after a while. that's a lot of hard work that goes into building.", "Yes, it's hard and your in the heat all day! At least an architect can be indoors where it's nice and cool! I can drink my coffee all day too, lol!", "The pay for an architect is quite nice too. I know construction works can make good money after years of moving up. but being inside drinking coffee sounds better", "Yes, it sure does! I could go for a cup of mocha right now actually! Ha! I bet you have a coffee in front of you right now!", "I sure do! gotta have coffee to get through the days with my kids. they have so much energy.", "I bet, have you guys taken any family vacations lately?", "we went to Disneyland a few months ago. that was a trip that required much coffee. but it was lots of fun. what about you?", "I took my family on a mountain bike expedition a few months back. That was a blast! Don't know when the next adventure will be but hopefully before I go off to school!", "mountain biking sounds like a lot of fun. but my kids may be a little too young for that still."], "history_conv": [["Would you like to grab a coffee? I'm dying for a mocha.", "Coffee is my passion, so yes!", "The last person I had coffee with kept trying to add schnapps. Not cool.", "Not at all. I don't drink any type of alcohol.", "If you love mountain biking too I will eat my fathers hard hat", "No, I'm kinda a quiet family man. My wife and kids rock.", "Haha glad to hear that. How many kids do you have?", "Three. It is all fun and games until someone tries to steal my chocolate ice cream.", "No worries I took up mountain biking when I put down my ice cream spoon", "Much healthier. Do you work? I own a plumbing business.", "I used to do a bit of construction. Want to be an architect. Any hobbies?", "I like to read and play video games. I mostly just spend time with my family.", "That's cool. What do you read?", "Mostly fiction and biographies. I like those two genres the best.", "Have you read team of rivals?", "I've not. However, it does sound interesting. I will look for it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a cat person, and I have two cats. I have a collection of 1000 hats for them.", "I really love vanilla ice cream.", "Winter is my favorite season.", "I competed in the Olympics in 1992, and won a gold medal in the 100 meter dash, by running it in seven seconds."], "partner_persona": ["I love dogs, I have two dogs.", "I tend to eat when I am bored.", "I like summer the most.", "I mostly run on a treadmill. I love using the rower machine the most."], "current_conv": ["I ran into a friend just two hours ago, and I heard they were selling an old rower machine that they no longer use. I think you would be interested in buying it off from them, would you like to get in contact with them?", "Oh, that's awesome, thanks! I'm a bit low on money right now, but I'm definitely interested in buying it a bit later. Do you know the price they're asking?", "I believe they are askign $100. If you think you can buy it, I bet they would work out some kind of payment play or layaway option. ", "That sounds extra cheap... I know that they're your friends, but still. Are you sure it's in a working condition?", "Yes, I swear by it. They don't really care about making money off it, they just want it out of their house. Let me know if you are interested. ", "Then sure, I am interested, that's basically free considering how expensive rower machines are. Thank you a lot! How are your cats by the way?", "They're good. I think one has a stomach bug though, I'm going to have to take her to the vet. How are your dogs?", "Oh, you should. I don't like going to vet but my pets' health is worth it for sure. They're great, thanks for asking :) I've started running in the morning and taking them both with me, it's so fun!", "I bet they love that. Running outside is so much better, especially if you have fun companions. Have you tried to hike with them?", "No, not yet... They don't really like going out, which is weird I guess haha. I'll try to take them with me when we go hiking next time, thanks!", "That is strange, lol. Well maybe it's not for them. I wish I could take my cats out, but I think people would give me strange looks. ", "It doesn't matter what other people think, don't worry! Just take your cats out and see if they like it, in the end it is all that matters."], "history_conv": [["Hey! Do you love cats?", "Hey... I'm a dog person, I have two", "Ah that's cool, I have two cats and got a collection of 1000 hats for them!", "Wow!!! That's a lot lol", "Yeah, I have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream, they're the best!", "My weakness is eating when I am bored", "What is your favorite season? Mine is winter!", "I'm a summer girl", "Have you ever watched the olympics? I won a gold medal in 1992!", "Cool what did you win for?", "It was in the 100 meter dash! I got 7 seconds!", "Wow!! I just run on my treadmill lol", "Nothing like a good exercise!", "Yes and I love the rower machine", "Row row row your boat gently down the stream, when you see a crocodile...", "Lol nursery r h y m e s"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I dream of opening a bunny daycare because I love bunnies so much. I used to own bunnies, but I ate them.", "I work at the shipyard.", "I was in the Navy because I loved the navy blue uniforms."], "partner_persona": ["I am still going to school.", "I work in a dentist office as a receptionist."], "current_conv": ["Recently I talked to my friend, and they told me they were giving away their bunnies they no longer can keep. I was thinking about getting one, but I was wondering if you were interested in owning one as well. I can give them a call letting them know if you're interested.", "Heck yeah! I would love to get one or two! Do you know they are boys or girls and what color they are?", "they have boys and girls. I'll try to get pictures. I'm not sure about the colors of them right now. ", "Okay cool, I am not that picky. Are a, curious if you are going to eat any of yours? I sort of get grossed out at the thought of it?", "not these ones. the ones I had before were bred as food. these ones are just pets", "OHHH! I didn't know there was a difference, sorry. I hope I didn't offend you because I just didn't know.", "it's a good question. I know people think it's weird but it's no different thank raising chickens or cows for food. ", "That makes sense when you say it that way. I guess people harvest all sorts of animals. I recently tried quail meat, have you tried it?", "I haven't had that yet. was it good?", "It was very hard to chew and was a bit gamey. I don't think I would try it again unless I had a ton of ketchup!", "that doesn't sound pleasant. I think I'll stick to chicken and turkey.", "Yeah, I think I might just stop grossing you out! I really do want a bunny though, please!"], "history_conv": [["I love bunnies! I wish I would open a bunny daycare or hotel.", "That is a cool idea. How are you today?", "A little tired. Worked all day today at the shipyard.", "I just got back from school, not a big fan of it though.", "You should join the military. I am ex military. Girls love uniforms ;", "I've never considered it. Maybe it would help me make some more friends.", "I joined the navy because I like navy blue, but infantry has sexy uniforms also.", "I will definitely keep the in mind if I join.", "I donate part of my salary to my bunny rescue. You should too.", "Do you have any bunnies?", "Not anymore. I ate them all.", "Wow! You have quite the appetite.", "Yeah, I like to eat. What do you do for a living?", "I'm a receptionist at a dentist office"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am training for a 5k run.", "I am in high school. I want to be a physical therapist.", "I am trying to get straight As.", "I find Taylor Swift songs catchy."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a convenience store.", "I am a store manager.", "I once met Taylor Swift.", "I drive a Nissan."], "current_conv": ["Where did you meet Taylor Swift, was it at your convenience store? ", "Exactly, she was buying so many candy bars and she put one in her coat pocket.", "Really, like she stole it? That doesn't seem like something she would do! ", "Well I asked her about it, if she'd steal it and she pretended not to hear me", "That's so strange, she must have been having an off day. I know you are a huge fan of hers. What is your favorite Taylor Swift album?", "It's probably 1989, how about you? What's yours?", "I would say 1989 as well, every song on that album is amazing. I also like Folklore, it's very different from what she has done before.", "Yes, they're all great honestly. She's so talented.", "Yes, did you see that she is re-recording all of her old albums? Plus, releasing unheard songs from the vault. I am pretty excited to hear all of those.", "She's working a lot. That's so cool to be honest. She's great.", "Yes I agree. What other artists do you like?", "I really like NWA. Do you?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you tonight?", "I am worn out from work today. How are you?", "Me too! I'm trying to train for a 5k", "I used to run. I work at a convenience store.", "Oh well I am in high school but I know what I want to do", "What do you want to do?", "I want to be a physical therapist", "That sounds like a good job. I'm the manager at the store that I work at.", "That's cool. I try to make all straight as so I can achieve my goa", "Great! Do you like taylor swift? I met her once.", "Yeah she is cool. She seems nice and her songs are catchy", "I have her latest album in my car. I have a nissan.", "Nice! Hopefully I'll get a car when I graduate", "What kind of car do you want?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm Kate from Ohio.", "Pizza is my favorite food and I like it with black olives.", "I'm 30 years old and work at a supermarket in town.", "I have a cat named Spook."], "partner_persona": ["I'm Ben. I'm grounded because I didn't pick up my toys.", "I enjoy pizza when my mother orders it. I like tomato sauce on pizza.", "I have a turtle named Leo that I got from my best friend living across the street.", "I like what Barney sings."], "current_conv": ["While googling some songs that Barney sings, I found that there are so many and even hour length Barney song compilation videos on Youtube. Amazing!", "I like watching videos a lot. I can always watch cartoons and Barney without asking. I want to see it!", "I can send the links to your mom so she can make sure they are okay first. but that's pretty cool that you can watch barney whenever you want to. ", "Okay, she told me I can decide what I watch now. So I can be my own boss now. I also want to watch the movie Pet Cemetery, like my neighbor friend. ", "I'm just going to take a guess that if you are someone who likes Barney, you probably are not going to like watching pet cemetery. I'll still send the videos to your mom and she can decide if you can watch them.", "Well, sometimes my mom is too strict and she doesnt let me watch what my friends watch. I dont think its fair and was thinking about sneaking to watch the pet movie. Since it has the word pet in it I should get to watch it.", "I think your mom is just strict because she knows about more things than you do. You should probably listen to her.", "I do listen to her. She tells me when dinner is ready and when its pizza I run as fast as I can to the table. I like to listen sometimes.", "that's a good start, but it's easy to listen when it's something you want to do anyways. ", "Ya, it is really easy to listen when she makes me pizza. Its easy to listen when she lets me do what I want to do.", "You should try listening when it's something you don't want to do. I bet they teach that on Barney. ", "I know that Barney always says to clean up your toys and be nice to your friends. I think he wasn't talking about my mom though. I am not sure? "], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is kate and I'm from ohio.", "Hello miss! I m ben and I m grounded for not picking up my toys", "I'm sorry to hear that. Do you like pizza?", "When mommy orders it. What do you like on your pizza?", "It is my favorite food. I really like it with black olives on it. You?", "I like the red stuff underneath the cheese! How old are you?", "I'm thirty years old and I work at a supermarket in my town.", "Is that where my parents pick up the food?", "I am not sure if it is the same one.", "Do you have any pets?", "I have a cat. His name is spook. What about you?", "I have a turtle. I named him leo", "That's cool. How did you get a turtle?", "My best friend got it for me. He lives across he street", "That was sweet of him. Do you like music?", "I like what barney sings!", "You may not know them, but the who is a great band!", "Daddy listens to them all the time!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I study computer programming.", "I am from India.", "My aunt taught me to swim. I coach competitive swimming.", "I like to listen to and write death metal music."], "partner_persona": ["I am new to the United States. I don't know anything about computer programming.", "I was born in Somalia. I escaped Somalia with my aunt's help because I was forced to marry young. I have escaped my forced spouse.", "I like swimming."], "current_conv": ["What has been one of the most surprising things you've experienced since coming to America?", "I have enjoyed the simple things like going to the grocery store and being able to see all the fresh fruits and vegetables in perfect rows. I also like being able to go to church and be free to take a bible everywhere I go.", "It really is the little things, I understand that. You were not able to do those things in Somalia?", "I wasn't allowed to go anywhere without my abusive husband. He never went to church and he didn't believe in God or anything like that. He mostly made me clean and stay home to cook.", "I am so sorry to hear you went through that. I am glad you are safe now and free to be yourself. Do you have any dreams or goals you are working towards now that you are living in the US?", "Thank you, I appreciate your kind words. I would like to study and get some sort of degree. I really like helping others so I need to find a job that is serving others. I am open to ideas.", "That is a great quality to have. Maybe you could look into social work or nursing?", "Hey, thats what I was thinking about too. I used to help people who would get hurt and I would bandage up the local kids wounds. I want to look into nursing. Do you ever miss your country?", "That is a great idea to get into something you are passionate about. I do miss India sometimes, but I have a lot of family and friends who also moved to America, so spending time with them is like being back home.", "That is nice and comforting for you. I noticed that when I spend time with my aunt I also feel a sense of home and become less homesick for my country. I don't want to go back there but also get sad and miss it sometimes, it's confusing.", "Yes, I know the feeling. Life is so great here, but there are always comforts of home that will be missed. Will any of your family be looking to come over to live or visit?", "I think my sister will be visiting me soon and I am really excited about that. We want to visit Disneyland, if we can afford it!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I am taking a break from studying my computer programming", "What is computer programming, I am new to the united states.", "I'm from india so I understand. It is telling computers how to run programs", "Cool, I was born in somalia, but my aunt helped me escape.", "That was nice of her! My aunt taught me how to swim", "I had to get away, I was forced to marry young, but now I am happy", "Did you take your spouse with you?", "No, I had to escape him. It was not fun times.", "I am sorry. I am glad you are safe now", "Thank you, do you do anything in your free time?", "I love death metal music. I listen and write some too.", "Death metal, is that the music you get whip lash from?", "Yeah! I also coach competitive swimming.", "Swimming is fun! Have you met any olympians?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 100 years old.", "I like baseball.", "I have 8 kids and 24 grandkids. I have a son.", "I do not have a pet.", "I live in California. I want to move to France. I plan to fly to France."], "partner_persona": ["I milk cows.", "My dad is younger than 100 years old.", "I like coloring books.", "I like to watch hockey with my dad.", "I have a pet. I live on a farm. My dad got my a German sheperd to help on the farm."], "current_conv": ["I'm visiting a shelter later today to possibly pick out a cat.", "That sounds great! Do you already know which one are you looking for or are you going to decide on the spot?", "Well, I am looking for one that is really calm and one that will let me hold it. I am hoping to know the minute I see it. I am open to gettin any kind female or male would work for me. ", "I remember my dad picking our sheperd, it was so hard. When you see a lot of cute animals and every single one wants to be adopted, it's hard to pick just one.", "Yeah, that is a pretty good point. What if end up getting two? I sure hope I can decide on just one. I dont want to trip on an indoor pet so that is my main concern too.", "Don't worry, I'm sure it'll be fine :) Are you going there by yourself or with someone to help you?", "I have a home health nurse who drives me places and helps me get around. She is really kind and is patient with me when I am movin slow. I was wondering if your dad still has his dog? ", "That's good, I'm glad that she will be there to help! He doesn't have him, I have him :) He got it for me as a birthday present. And I'm really grateful for that, best present ever!", "Dang, that is a good deal there. I am happy for you! It is nice to have somebody to take care of and to care about. When you hit my age someday, you'll find out a lot of people that you know pass away and it can get lonely.", "Well, that's just how life goes I guess, nothing we can do about it. I'm sure you had a lot of fun in your younger years, so there's no use to get sad now :) A cat is a great idea though, it will definitely help with the loneliness!", "Oh, boy, you got that right! I was lightening fast and a very hard worker but liked fishing more. I have some fish stories that would knock your socks off.", "Haha I sure as hell would like to hear them! A bit later though, gotta run for now, have something to take care of in the garden. I hope you will pick the best cat they have, good luck :)"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you tonight?", "I'm tired from milking the cows.", "Well I know I am strong for a 100 but I don't think I can do that", "100?! That's older then my dad! Would you make your son milk cows?", "Yea because I sure can't do it", "I would rather be coloring in my books! Do you like sports?", "Yes I have love baseball all my life", "I like to watch hockey with my dad. Do you have any kids?", "Yes 8 kids 24 grandkids and counting", "Wow! I can not even count that high! I have a pet though. Do you?", "No but I should I heard they're great companions", "Dad got me a german sheperd to help on the farm. Where do you live?", "In california but I want to move to france", "France is a long ways away! Will you drive there?", "No way I'd die on the way il fly there", "Do they let people as old as you on planes, mister?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I've become a spiritual person after surviving cancer. I meditate before I run a marathon as it helps me keep my stamina.", "I've just become a life coach."], "partner_persona": ["Lately I quit my job and got into a monastery for spiritual growth.", "I live in Alaska and we don't have many life coaches here.", "I meditate and it gives me a sense of peace.", "I've never run a marathon."], "current_conv": ["I searched how many life coaches were in Alaska and found you truly were correct. There weren't many life coaches in your area. ", "Yeah, there's not much of anything in Alaska! That's why it's easy to meditate :) ", "How do you find information about meditation ? Do you there is a market for life/meditation coaches in Alaska ? ", "Bookstores mostly...and my brothers in the moastery that have a lifetime of experience. They are a huge help!", "Maybe I could get there and work as a meditation coach, most people didn't go in monastery. How much someone in Alaska would pay for a meditation coach ? ", "To be honest, I'm not sure what the going rate for a life/meditation coach is out here. It's certainly worth a try if it's something you're passionate about. ", "Yeah, I like meditation and I want to share this technique with others. No matter the pay. What do you do for a living ?", "Right now I don't work. I quit my job to go into the monastery a while ago and haven't found the need for a job as I get my basic neccessities taken care of here. So being a cancer survivor...wow! I'm SO happy for you! That's a scary thing to go through. ", "Yeah, even if the doctors told me it was a small cancer, I could not stop think about it. That is why I did learn about meditation in the first place. What event made you want to study meditation ?", "Cancer as well...a close family member was diagnosed in 2006. Thank God she has been in remission for about 14 years now, but the C word is scary, no matter what type or size. ", "It is something that you can't describe, I would not wish it to my worst enemy. ", "Absolutely...it was one of the worst times of my life. So what's your favorite marathon that youi've run?"], "history_conv": [["What do you do in your spare time?", "I recently quit my job, moved in to monastery to pursue my spirituality.", "That's incredibly brilliant. Congratulations", "I appreciate that. Are you a spiritual person, may I ask?", "Yes I am actually. I became very close to god after surviving cancer", "You are amazing. Thank you for sharing.", "You are as well. An inspiration. I must remember you when training my clients", "What is it that you do?", "I actually just started as a life coach", "Peace be with you as you embark on your new journey", "Thank you. That means a lot to me", "Live in he wilderness of alaska now, we don't have many life coaches here.", "It is very much needed. People need guidance", "I agree fully. Do you believe in meditation? My meditation time has brought me much peace", "I meditate right before I run a big marathon and it helps me keep my stamina.", "Good for you! I've never ran a marathon, but I certainly admire your determination!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm playing some role playing games online. I love the Internet.", "I work in fast food.", "I tried to go to school to be a vet.", "I dye my hair every 3 months. I love to dye it blue. My natural hair color is blond."], "partner_persona": ["I move out soon.", "I work for Burger King. I often burn the burgers. I am very depressed of working for Burger King.", "I hate blue colour. I like blond hair."], "current_conv": ["Could you bring some burgers for my videogame party?", "I mean I can, sure, but you still need to pay for them, I'm sure you understand that :)", "Lol, yeah, of course. Just wanted you to grab them on the way if it's not too much of a hassle.", "No problem at all! How many and which ones?", "Grab a pack of 8, not too expensive, lol. I already have burger buns. Thanks again. And bring any games you want to play!", "Got it. Oh I can't really think of anything to be honest. How many of your friends are going to be there?", "Should be 6 or 5, so even if a few people drop out we'll be good. And have some spare burgers! Ha", "Noted :) I actually have a guy working with me, Steven, he'd like to be there too. Is it ok if I'm going to take him with me?", "Yeah of course, that would be awesome! Tell him to bring any games he likes too!", "Thanks, I will. When are we going to play, can you remind me?", "Saturday, 4pm, my place. Feel free to come whenever you want, but not before that! Lol", "Great, we have to work until 4 this Saturday, so we'll join you guys an hour later. Thanks for inviting me again, I think it will be great :)"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you this fine day?", "I am good! Counting the days till I can move out. And you?", "I'm playing some role playing games online today. I love the internet, probably too much!", "My job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time.", "I work in fast food also.", "My coworkers are always complaining I burn the burgers. You aren't my parents!", "I tried to go to school to be a vet. I hated it!", "Do you drink or do drugs?", "I don't. Do you dye your hair? I do every 3 months.", "Ok good. But why dye your hair? That is, like, drugs for your hair.", "I love to dye it blue. Red reminds me of blood and I faint from that!", "Blue!? Blue!? I hate blue! Ree!!!", "What color should I dye it?", "Black, like my soul. I am very depressed from working at burger king.", "That's deep. I could do black. My natural hair color is blond.", "Blond is perfectly fine. You should just keep it like that."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the beach.", "I am to old to go to the playground.", "I am 27 years old. I am an elementary school teacher. I teach the fourth grade.", "I like Disney world. I like Mickey Mouse. I have never been to Disney World and I would like to go.", "I do not take many vacations. I like to play board games. I do not make much money."], "partner_persona": ["I am 9 years old. I am in third grade.", "I like Disney World. I go to Disney World every year.", "My dad has a lot of money."], "current_conv": ["I won a trip to Disney World through a radio contest!", "That is awesome! When are you going?", "They're yet to contact me about the trip, but as soon as they tell me I can haha! Wanted to go there for a long time. When did you go there last time?", "It will be even more fun since it will be free! I was there last in February. It really is the happiest place on Earth.", "Sounds great indeed :) I've also seen a lot of people arguing about Disney World being better than Disneyland, what do you think about that?", "I prefer Disney World just because it so much bigger. It has four parks and a lot more rides. What rides are you most excited to go on?", "Oh, I've heard a lot from my brother, he went there last year with his kids. They mostly enjoyed The Twilight Zone Tower, Space Mountain and Kali River Rapids. Which ones do you recommend?", "Those are all great rides. My favorite is Space Mountain. It never disappoints! I can give you some restaurant suggestions too if you want them?", "Cool, I'll be sure to try it then. Sure, that'd be great, tell me please!", "The Brown Derby and Be Our Guest are fantastic. A little expensive, but worth it. The street carts sell pretzel and ice cream Mickey bars, which you must have!", "Haha the names are so weird. Will try it, thank you for all the help, I don't want to miss anything good :)", "Have a blast. Take a ton of pictures too!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "Okay. I go to school. I like disney world.", "Oh I love disney world. It has a beach nearby and I love the beach.", "Do you like playing on the swings at the playground?", "I normally don't go to the playgrounds much anymore. How old are you?", "I am nine years old. How old are you?", "Oh! I am 27 years old. I am also an elementary school teacher.", "What grade do you teach? I am in third. Do you like mickey mouse?", "I teach 4th grade. I love mickey mouse. I decorate my classroom with him", "I bet you'd love disney world. Do you ever go?", "Someday I'd like to. I am saving up. Have you ever been?", "Every year. I am lucky. Would you like to go with me?", "Oh that is a sweet offer. You have to ask your parents first!", "My dad will take you. He has lot of money. Where are your vacations?", "I do not take many. I play board games mostly... Teachers do not make much money", "I will ask my dad. Do you play video games? I like them."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am building a model house.", "I work part time. I don't like to leave my cats alone. I have five cats."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer at a church, high school tutoring, and publishing houses.", "I grew up poor."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever volunteered at an animal shelter?", "I have not but I would love to one day. I really do love animals", "It is very rewarding. I have donated a lot of time to these poor animals.", "Of course, I'm sure it's rewarding. It's great that you spend your spare time doing that. How is your model house coming along by the way?", "It is going well. I have put a lot of hours into it. But, feels like it will never be finished.", "Yes it sounds like it's a lot of work. Are you enjoying it?", "Yes it is my passion honestly. Maybe I bring you by to see how the house is progressing. ", "Yes that would be lovely. Would your cats be there? I'd love to meet them as well", "Yes of course! Well until be put the carpet in. I would hate for the new home owners to suffer if they happen to be allergic to them. ", "Oh yes that would be terrible! I'm sure it's a lot of trouble taking care of so many cats, no?", "I enjoy them so much and have had them for so long its just part of my normal routine now.", "Yes, growing up, there were a lot of stray cats in my neighborhood that annoyed me, so I'm not particularly fond of cats lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing today?", "Hi. I am doing great. Thanks for asking. And you?", "I'm doing great! I'm just building a model house", "Cool. I volunteer at various places at the moment", "That is nice, what places?", "Church, high school tutoring, publishing houses", "I work part time because I cant leave my cats alone long", "Wow. How many cats do you have?", "I've a total of 5 cats", "Nice. What do you think of someone growing up poor?", "I honestly think it makes them a better person", "Well I asked because I grew up poor during several periods", "I'm sorry to hear. At least your living!", "Yes, it is well. Enough about me. How about your favorite past times?", "I just like to spend time with my cats", "Ok. What about favorite foods? Cheeseburgers?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like chatting. I got homecoming queen.", "My name is Kris. My hobby is running.", "I read a lot. I want to be a physical therapist.", "I want to finish high school and go to college. I am 17."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Heather. I like chatting.", "I have been married for 3 years. My husband was homecoming king in high school.", "I like books. We have married recently. I'm going to have a baby.", "I got my degree from college. I'm 27."], "current_conv": ["When do you plan to organize your baby shower?", "I need to start soon. Are you available to help me, by any chance?", "I would be honored! Let's go together this weekend and get started!", "Great - thanks! I am thinking something blue and yellow since it is a boy.", "Do you want to incorporate animals? Shapes? Disney characters?", "I haven't gotten that far! You are giving me a lot to think about for this weekend.", "I have a long run scheduled for Saturday morning, so I will come by afterwards. Probably around noon. Okay?", "Perfect. I can have lunch for you. I'm sure you will be hungry after a run.", "That's kind, thanks! Yes, I am planning to do 10 miles, so fuel and hydration will be much appreciated.", "10 miles! I haven't that far total in my life! You are really amazing.", "Thanks for the support! I enjoy it. It keeps me thin and stress free.", "I might try to start running after I have the baby. I will need to get rid of this excess weight."], "history_conv": [["Hey, what are you planning for today?", "Oh not much, my name is heather and just looking to chat with people", "I like chatting too, it is how I got homecoming queen talking to everyone", "What is your name and do you have any hobbies?", "Kris, I run, training to run a k, how about yourself any hobbies?", "Ha, ha that is funny my husband was homecoming king in high school", "How long are you married? Did you go to college?", "I like books. Not much time now that I'm going to have a baby", "Oh congrats! I read a lot need, the a hope to be a physical therapist", "I got my degree from college, I have been married for 3 years", "Cool, I want so badly to finish high school and go to college", "So how old are you kris?", "17, but feels older. How about you?", "Don't be so eager to grow up its not as fun as you may think", "I know but you get to make your own decisions", "I'm 27 and wish I was 17 again ha ha"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from the American South.", "I have a dog walking business. I have 3 dogs. I dress up my dogs for Halloween.", "I have not seen the new It."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Hawaii. I work from home.", "I have 2 dogs.", "I am going to watch a lot of horror movies on Halloween. Horror movies are my favorite."], "current_conv": ["I just watched a great horror movie that you should add to your Halloween lineup!", "Very cool! What's the movie's title? If I haven't seen it, I'll add it to the playlist!", "It was The Invisible Man, soooo scary! I was afraid to stay home by myself after watching it! When are you going to visit me.  It is always gorgeous here in Maui.", "I still haven't seen it! I'll add it to my list. Haha I'd love to visit as soon as possible! Is the weather really perfect year-round?", "Yes it is! We have what's called a rain season but you still get a lot of sun.  The nature here is breathtaking!", "Wonderful! I'll have to make the trip over from Oahu! How long have you been there?", "About 5 years now. I didn't know you live in Oahu! When did you move there?", "I've been here for quite a while! I definitely love it, though Honolulu can get pretty hectic.", "I agree, especially the tourist area.  I visited there with my family two years ago. We took my dogs with me.  We hiked to that crater by the ocean.", "That sounds lovely! How big is your family?", "Me, my husband, two kids and three dogs. How are your dogs doing? What are their names again?", "Wow, that's a big family! I'm sure your kids love having three dogs to play with! Mine are named Scott and Scotty!"], "history_conv": [["Hey! How are you doing today?", "Hi! Doing great. Where are you from?", "I am from the south in the us. What about you?", "I live in hawaii and I work from home.", "Beautiful place. I've a dog walking business. Do you have pets?", "It is. I love it here. I've 2 dogs they love it here too.", "Good to talk to a fellow dog lover! We have three.", "Awesome! Will you dress them up for halloween?", "Yeah, we will go all out this year! Do you have any plans?", "We are gonna watch a bunch of horror movies. Have you seen the new it?", "Haven't gotten the chance, maybe this week. You a big horror movie buff?", "Horror movies are my favorite!", "Perfect time of the year for them!", "My thoughts exactly. Nice chatting, have a great day!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a big home library.", "I am  from New Mexico. I work as a tour guide at a small local museum. The entrance is free.", "I am partially deaf and people are understanding.", "I like to hang out in the mall. I love drinking fancy tea."], "partner_persona": ["I am studying the LSAT. I want to be an attorney.", "I used to live in New Mexico in a small town.", "I  grew up with horses.", "I love coffee. I  have to study late."], "current_conv": ["I have had the best cup of tea, which I  ever tried!", "What kind was it? where did you get it from?", "It is at a tea shop downtown, across from the Civic Center. They focus on traditional teas from around the world. Would you like to try it out sometime?", "that sounds great! what flavor was it that you had that was the best?", "It was a traditional Moroccan tea that had a lot of fruits and leaves that are native to that country. How about this weeked?", "I am free this weekend. what time should we meet up?", "How about 10? That would give us some time to explore downtown. Do you have any tests to study for this weekend?", "I have a test on Friday and then start studying for the next one on Monday. so this weekend is a good time. Should we get any lunch after tea?", "That sounds good. Do you know of anywhere good to grab some food?", "what kind of food sounds good? It will help narrow down the search.", "I like Mexican or Thai. What about you?", "Both are good. but now that you say it pad thai sounds wonderful."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How is it going today?", "Good, studying the lsat today. How about you?", "I am good. I have a big home library if you are interested.", "Really? I am wanting to be an attorney. Where are you from", "New mexico. I am a tour guide at a local museum there.", "I used to live in nm! I lived in a small town outside abq.", "Cool. I love living here. I am partially deaf and people are understanding.", "They're. We had horses, do you ride?", "No. I prefer to hang out in the mall. I love drinking fancy tea.", "Tea I am more of a coffee gal, have to study late.", "That makes sense. Soon you will be a lawyer, right?", "I hope, have to get good scores first. How is your museum?", "It is a small one but we get quite a lot of visitors because entrance is free.", "Neat. I grew up with horses, is there anything about horses there?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a country singer. I am famous. My record contract forbids me from telling my name. I want to be a rock singer.", "I did not go to school because of my musical career.  I think about what I missed out on in high school.", "I like visiting national parks."], "partner_persona": ["I like rock music. I think country is ok.", "I go to high school. I just won homecoming queen. I have a gorgeous homecoming queen crown.", "I like to run. I want to run a 10k. I'm on the track team. I want to become a physical therapist."], "current_conv": ["I've just convinced my record deal to let me try writing a rock song!", "Wow! congratulations. That is wonderful.  ", "Thank you! I am super nervous, but I've got some good producers to work with. Do you have any races coming up?", "I am running the 10K out in Boston next month.  You know I'm a huge fan of rock music.  If you ever need someone to run your songs by.  ", "I will definitely reach out to you. I've got some ideas, but they just need to be fleshed out. Do you think you'll ever do a marathon?", "Marathons are not really my jam. lol  I think I will stick to the 10k.  I feel so free when I run.  Almost like I am outside of my own body.  ", "That sounds awesome. I really want to get into running, I think that it would help my mental health. A marathon sounds brutal, you are smart to stick to 10ks.", "Well if you would like to train together I'm your guy.  I run every morning from 4:30 to 5:30 down by the lake.  ", "Wow! That's early! How far do you usually run each day?", "I do a minimum of 6 miles.  When it gets close to a race I do more.  But you can start with just 1 mile.  The important thing is just starting.  I think you would enjoy it.  ", "Do you think I should go get some running shoes?", "You for sure need a good pair of supportive running shoes.  And good socks.   You could also get a bucket hat so no one would recognize you when you run.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi. Do you like country music?", "It is ok. I prefer rock", "I am a country singer. I wish I was a rock singer though.", "That's cool. Are you famous?", "Yes, but due to my record contract, I cannot tell you my name. Are you famous?", "Only at my high school. I just won homecoming queen actually", "Congratulations. I did not go to school because of my musical career. Is your crown nice?", "It is gorgeous! What do you do for fun?", "Go to national parks. Think about what I missed out on in high school. You?", "I run all the time. I want to run a 10k one day.", "I believe in you. Are you on the track team?", "Yes I'm. But I want to be a physical therapist when I'm an adult", "I want to be a rock singer.", "You should go for it!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Mickey Mouse. I do not go out much because of my water allergy.", "I am Adam. I am famous for my twitch streaming.", "I helped make ''Starcraft''. I am  building robots in this game, which will be my body double."], "partner_persona": ["I love being alone. I like Mickey Mouse.", "I do not play video games. I spend my time at the playground with all my classmates. I have played ''Halo''."], "current_conv": ["How many classmates do you have?", "I have 7 mates in my class we all like to play as a group.", "Yeah what sort of games do you like to play together?", "If we have a ball we like to play football on the yard if not we play games like tag.", "Yeah I have never really played football but it looks like fun, I don't get out much unfortunatley. ", "You should get out and play it some time it is a fun sport to play. How is twitch streaming going?", "It is going really well I have thousands of followers who watch me.", "Yeah and how is the robot building going?", "Not to bad getting there slowly but still have plenty of work to do until it will all be ready. Not your sort of thing though as your not into games.", "No I played a couple before but I just can't get into them, I would rather be outside playing with my friends.", "Yeah I don't blame you I wish I could get out more but this water allergy stops me doing it.", "That must be a real pain in the neck having to miss out on things."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing today?", "I am great. Third grade is tiring though even though I do not have any responsibilities.", "Funny. Well, beats being alone, recluse that I'm.", "I'm hermit. I'm like mickey mouse without disney land.", "Oh. Like me. I do not go out much because of my water allergy", "So I guess your name is not neptune.", "No. Adam. I am famous for my twitch streaming.", "I don't video games because I am always at the playground with all my classmates", "It is fun! I helped make starcraft. Have you played it?", "No. I have played halo it is fun.", "Indeed. Now I am into building robots now though.", "Robots may take over the world", "Sure. I am building one to be my body double. Is that not fun?", "I wish there was two of me so I could be double trouble."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Alabama.", "Tacos are my favorite food.", "I have three sisters. I have a brother.", "I like metal music. I like Ozzy Osbourne. I like TuPac. I like Psalms 31.", "I have a Jeep Wrangler."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Nevada.", "I am a store manager.", "I have short, brown hair.", "I like metal music.", "I have a Nissan Pathfinder.", "I like Psalm John 316. I like Cypress Hill."], "current_conv": ["I just had the best tacos ever! Have you ever had fish tacos before?", "I love them! Where did you have it?", "I got them at a Hawaiian food stand. They used fresh fish they had flown in from the islands. They were really good! You should try them out.", "You'll have to send me the address. Maybe we should meet up this weekend?", "That sounds like fun! I'd love to go back there. Maybe we could hit up some of the shops near there.", "That sounds good. I get off work at 2 PM. Any chance that would work for you?", "Yes, that works for me. Have you listened to any good albums lately?", "Nothing recently. But I did find this guy on youtube who does accordian covers of metals songs. It's um.... interesting.", "Ha! Sounds like Weird Al. I'll have to check it out, you should send me the link. How do you like your Pathfinder? I was in the market for a new car.", "It's dependable. Nothing special, but it's lasted me years and that's what counts for me. What's your budget?", "I was thinking around $15-20k. Would that get me a fairly decent one?", "They hold their value pretty well, but I know you could find a used one with plenty of life left for that much!"], "history_conv": [["Good evening from alabama! Where are you at?", "Hi, I am in nevada. I am listening to country music.", "Tacos are my favorite, do you have any great food trucks there?", "Yes we do, I'm a store manager and we sell really good tacos.", "My three sisters would love that. My brother, not so much.", "Taylor swift walked into my store the other day! It was awesome!", "I am not fond of her. I think I'd have escaped.", "Really? I cut my hair like hers short and brown.", "I prefer metal. I do not like country at all.", "I like metal too but the old school, like lyda ford.", "I love her and ozzy in close your eyes. It is one of my favorites.", "Oh man you hit the spot! I play it loud in my nissan pathfinder.", "I drive a jeep wrangler. I mix it up with tupac.", "California knows how to party!", "True that! Somewhere between psalms 31 and tupac is me, lol", "I'm more like john 316 and cypress hill."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from India. I have lived in the US for two years.", "I am a swim coach.", "I believe in making the world better."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like metal music. I like country music.", "I had a heart transplant. I was born with my heart outside my body.", "I am male. I could not play much as a child. I don't travel much.", "I can do magic. I can move things with my mind.", "I enjoy swimming.", "I volunteer at animal shelters."], "current_conv": ["I just had a swim session. Do you have any tips on the breaststroke?", "I can say I do really. I'm not a pro. I feel like I should be asking you! How goes the coaching?", "It's going pretty good.  I moved here to coach at a university.", "That's cool. So, your coaching is on the competitive end of things?", "Yes, we compete in NCAA athletics. I coach in Florida.", "Nice. That sounds exciting. Is there a season of sorts or does it go year round?", "There is a swim season, but for me I swim all year round. I also enjoy surfing.", "Surfing looks wonderful, but it could be to exhausting for me. As much as I like to swim I need to keep my heart rate reasonable. ", "That's understandable, maybe I could coach you on some techniques to lower swimming exertion.", "That would be great. Its one of those things you don't think about getting help with but it makes sense that it would help. ", "Yes. Have you been doing anything else interesting lately?", "Just some work around the animal shelter. Nothing outside the norm. Thinking about teaching some kids to code html, just not sure how to go about getting it started."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing this afternoon? Do you like metal music?", "I am good and no I like country", "I love america, I have only been here two years, I am from india.", "Cool! I have not traveled much since my transplant", "I'm sorry, are you okay?", "I'm yes, when I was born my heart was on the outside", "What was that like? I'm a boring computer student.", "It was crazy growing up I could not play like most boys", "That's so sad. I loved my childhood playing with my friends.", "I bet, I learned to do magic like moving things with my mind", "That is very interesting, can you swim?", "Yes I enjoy swimming a lot", "I am a coach, if you need to brush up on your skills, let me know.", "Thank you for the offer, I could use some pointers", "You are most welcome. We all must do our part to make the world better.", "I agree with you! I like helping at animal shelters"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love playing the guitar. I started playing when I was 3. I am a singer.", "I love national parks.", "My favorite band is Rascal Flatts.", "I have a job."], "partner_persona": ["My parents were murdered when I was 3. I am adopted. I have an adopted father.", "I enjoy pop music.", "I get scared by clowns.", "I work at a gas station.", "I am single. I go out on blind dates."], "current_conv": ["Have you had any luck with your blind dates?", "Unfortunately, no. Most of them haven't really progressed after the first date", "What seems to be the biggest issue with these dates not going anywhere?", "Considering what happened to my parents, I didn't really grow up under a healthy marriage, so I'm not sure I entirely know how to care deeply for someone", "Oh, I understand. Have you sought out any therapy to help you?", "I have tried before, but it all happened so long ago, I don't really want to bring it up with anyone. I usually just like to go out for walks in nearby parks when I'm feeling overwhelmed", "I can totally understand that. Maybe we can go on a double blind date sometime soon?", "Yes, I'd like that. Maybe you can play some songs and impress both our dates haha", "LOL I can try! Where do you normally go on these blind dates?", "We usually go to local musical festivals. I just figured if they enjoy it, then at least we'll have something in common", "That's not a bad idea honestly. Plus there is plenty of people around since these are blind dates and you don't know much about them prior to these dates.", "Exactly, maybe for our date. We can head to a Rascall Flatts concert"], "history_conv": [["I love to play guitar, I was only three when I started", "My parents were killed by a clown when I was three. I was then adopted", "Hi, how are you? Do you like country music? I'm a singer.", "It is alright. I'm more of a pop fan myself", "Sad, I am sorry, did they every caught the clown?", "No. Now I get scared whenever I see one", "Lets be happy and not think about that, I love national parks", "I recently got a job! Now I work at a gas station", "Do you like rascal flats? They are my favorite band.", "Not really. But my adopted dad likes them", "Now that's something happy to talk about! I work in the industry", "What industry do you work in?", "Okay, so tell me more about yourself", "I'm single. Though my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates", "In the factory, that is what I mean", "Cool. What do you make?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work from home. I am a veterinarian. I do not like my job. Blood makes me faint.", "I am addicted to the internet. I like to play role play games.", "I like natural beauty."], "partner_persona": ["I like the internet.", "I work as a maid/housekeeper.", "I am 56 years old woman. I want to retire.", "I have children that are grown.", "I want plastic surgery. I have wrinkles."], "current_conv": ["I recently found a new job I may apply for. It would give me more freedom than my current one.", "That's great! What's the job?", "It's at a local theatre.  I'll be doing backstage management.   ", "What is that work like?", "It's a lot less stressful than being a veterinarian.  I will basically be running props, sets and how the players leave and enter the performing area.", "What sorts of plays does the theatre put on? Do you ever have stirring renditions of Shakespeare plays?", "Mostly, the place does Indie work.   The guy who runs the place also plays role playing games, so he like organically crafted stories.", "I would be interested to see a play where the scenes are selected by a role of the dice.", "That would make for an interesting show, for sure.  It would rely on a lot of improv.   I'll bring it up the next time we have an RPG night.", "Yes, certainly it would be. Congratulations, it sounds like it will be a lot of fun as a job.  Certainly less stressful than medical care.", "You should check it out.   Their ticket taker just moved to Oregon, so there's an open job available.", "I'll look into it, I'd prefer it to cleaning houses.  What are the hours like?"], "history_conv": [["I am addicted to the internet that is why I want to work from home", "I love the internet it makes me think I can over take the world", "It is a dream to work from home and play role play games", "Yes I use to paint for job. But now I am a maid or housekeeper", "I know how you feel, I do not like being a veterinarian", "At 56 I am looking forward to retirement", "Do you see blood as a maid? It makes me faint.", "I see just about everything no blood though.", "You are too young to retire, what you going to do?", "I may visit my grown children since they never visit me.", "That's so good to know, it really scares me", "As a older woman I wish I could have plastic surgery.", "It is good that you visit them, you do your part", "I use to be wrinkle free but the years of time aren't kind", "Why is that? Natural is beauty.", "Yes but it is hard to look at sagging skin and eyes"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been pregnant. I am female. I'm going to have my 5th set of twins in two months.", "I just bought my first home. I previously lived in a two bedroom apartment.", "I work at the bank. I'm busy.", "I have not had soda in a long time."], "partner_persona": ["I just moved into a house and I live with my boyfriend.", "I enjoy walks around my neighborhood.", "I eat a lot of hamburgers and french fries. I don't like and never drink soda."], "current_conv": ["My agent told me I can move to my new home asap.", "That's great news!  I'm really excited for ya.", "Thanks so much! I'm really excited to have more room for everyone. How are you liking the new house?", "Well, I just moved in, with my boyfriend, Tim.  I like it.  It all feels so new.", "Did you guys get a new construction or previously owned?", "Previously owned.  The core of the place was built in the 20's but then updated in the 50's.  The last restoration was like 86 or 87.", "Wow so the home is almost 100 years old, that's pretty cool! Do you see yourself doing any reno soon?", "Some, but not a lot.  One room has those little glass wall tiles.  It reminds me of a lounge at a Holiday Inn.  So that room is going to get redone.   Other than that, the place is great.   We grilled burgers out back, lastnight.", "Sounds good. Do you add lot of variety to your burgers or do you like them plain and simple?", "I hate to say this, but I'm fickle.  Sometimes, I pretty much put a salad on top of the patty.  Sometimes, just plain ketchup.  It just depends.", "Nothing wrong with that. I can never eat the same thing twice in two weeks so I guess I beat you in that category lol", "I feel ya.  With having so many sets of twins, you pretty much need some variety."], "history_conv": [["Do you want to hear something strange?", "Sure! I'd love to! What is it?", "I'm due to have my fifth set of twins in two months!", "Wow. My boyfriend would go crazy. We just moved into a house.", "We just bought our first home. We were living in a two bedroom apartment before.", "Nice. I enjoy taking walks around my neighbor hood.", "I wish I had time for walks. My job at the bank keeps me busy.", "Yeah. I get busy too. All I ever eat is hamburgers and french fries", "Oh my! That's a poor diet.", "Yah bi I never drink any soda. I don't like it", "Well that is good. I have not had soda since before I got pregnant.", "Oh ok. Good for you then!", "We should go on a walk together sometime.", "Sure! I'd love that!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have two jobs.", "I am a stunt double.", "I read a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have a job. I am thinking of going to college.", "I am always on a diet. I love food.", "I want to look my best. I exercise.", "I don't like to read. I considered school boring.", "I have a sister."], "current_conv": ["Brad Pitt is filming a new movie and I have been hired to be his stunt double! I am so thrilled.", "That's absolutely incredible! Congratulations! I'll bet that was a nerve wracking audition", "Yes, I had to jump through a stack of three window panes to get the job.", "Oh WOW. Can't say I've ever had a job interview quite like that! Did everything go according to plan?", "Yup, no injuries. I did it on a motorcycle, they were in three individual hoops.", "WOW. That's incredible. Did you always want to do stunts?", "Actually, it was in college. I realized it was my calling after a series of party mishaps.", "Oh that's hilarious. Hope you didnt get too injured before you found your calling!", "No injuries, just low grade property damage. You should definitely go to college, it was awesome.", "Sounds like it's worth it just for the parties!]", "Yeah, it was pretty good.", "Any tips for getting into the habit of reading more?"], "history_conv": [["What do you like to do in your free time?", "Hi! Well, I usually like to take care of my looks hair, nail, tanning.", "What do you do as a profession?", "I don't have one yet, I'm thinking about college. What about you?", "Ah, I see. Well, I have two jobs, but my side job is the interesting one.", "Tell me about the interesting one. What is it like?", "I am an actor of sorts... A stunt double! It is really interesting work.", "Wow, I have never met an actor! You must be very fit.", "Surprisingly enough, too, I've never broken a bone. Tell me something else about yourself.", "Well, I seem to always be on a diet... Even though I love food...", "Could you tell me more about that?", "I want to look my best. Exercising alone doesn't seem to cut it.", "I guess that does make sense. Do you like to read?", "Not really. School was so boring, and they forced us to read boring stuff.", "Reading was boring to me in school, too. But I read lots now.", "What do you read? My sister says fantasy novels are the best."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not like to shop. I like to relax at home. I have a cow.", "I am an electrician.", "I like my family.", "I like trucks. I have a Ford F250.", "I like country music. I live on a farm."], "partner_persona": ["I like to shop for shoes and watches.", "I work for a watch dealer. My family does not agree with my career.", "I want to own a Rolls Royce. I like cars.", "I like some country music. I like old music.", "I have children."], "current_conv": ["I heard an old song from George Straight a bit ago and thought of you liking older music. Do you care for George Straight music from the 80s?", "Not really. I'm not too into country music. I prefer stuff from artists like the Beatles and Billy Joel.", "Now you're speaking my language, love the Beatles. What are some of your favorites by them?", "My all-time favourite Beatles song is \"In My Life.\" My second-favourite is \"Here Comes the Sun.\" What about you?", "HELP! I need somebody, not just anybody! I sing this song so much its not even funny. HA. How's business going by the way?", "Business is going well! We've been getting lots of customers recently. Despite its success, however, my family is still a bit disappointed with my career choice. How's the electrician business?", "I hope they'll be able to support you better in the future. Business is slow but steady.", "How's farm life treating you? I hear its a simple, peaceful existence. It sounds nice.", "It's very quiet out here and I love it! I used to live in a busy city and you couldn't pay me to move back", "I'd love to live in a tight-knit, quiet community. It sounds peaceful. But most of my friends and family live in the city, and I'd rather not leave them behind just yet.", "I can understand that. We don't get many visitors but at least we have somewhere to travel when we want to see family", "So what do you do for fun? Do you watch any TV shows or play any video games?"], "history_conv": [["Good evening. What are you up to?", "Hello, how are you? I am well. I like to shop for shoes and watches.", "I don't shop much. Prefer to relax at home with my cow.", "What do you do? I'm work for a watch dealer.", "No wonder you like watches! I'm a commercial electrician", "Wonderful! Yeah, however, my family does not support my choice of career.", "Why not? Family is important.", "I'm not sure why they do not. Do you like cars?", "I do! I love trucks especially. I drive a big f 250", "Lovely truck! I dream of owning a rolls royce ghost one day.", "That would be lovely. Do you like music too? Or just cars?", "I enjoy both. I like all kinds of music.", "I only like country. Play it all day on the farm.", "There are some great country music songs out at the moment. I prefer old stuff.", "I feel you. Do you have any other hobbies?", "I mostly just take care of my children. Nice meeting you. Goodnight."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love horses.", "I grown up in a small town. I want to move to a big city.", "I want to be a lawyer.", "I am not married.", "I love potatoes."], "partner_persona": ["My name is George. I farm bees. I like horses.", "I live in the country.", "I am married.", "Papaya is my favourite food."], "current_conv": ["What is it like not being close to family? I do want to move to a big city but my family will not be close by anymore.", "It actually feels great! I know some families can be overwhelming but we are so happy to be able to see everyone whenever I want. Is there a big city close by? Maybe you don't have to move too far.", "I guess I'm just anxious because it's not an easy decision to undo, you know? But if I want to be a lawyer I'll be so busy I don't have a bunch of spare time to see them anyway! ", "That's true! You have to think about your future.  How far are you going to be?", "Not very far - a few hours - but I guess any distance at all seems like a big one to me!", "Yeah, I can see that. But as long as you can still drive to see them, I think you will be fine. When are you starting school?", "In September, if all goes to plan. But enough about me. How are the horses?", "They are great! I love spending time in a barn. We recently purchased a new stalion. His name is Macho.", "That's a great name for a horse! How many do you have altogether now?", "Right now we have 3 horses and a donkey.  You would love them.  You need to visit sometimes.  Being around horses is so destressing.", "I love donkeys! I do need to visit sometime, that's for sure.", "We started farming bees too. That was my wife's idea.  I wasn't a fan at first but then it grew on me."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Do you like horses? I love horses!", "Horses are great I am george I farm bees", "So you must live in the country then? I grew up in a small town.", "I did bu I'm not close to my family", "Oh. I actually am wanting to be a lawyer. Working now to save up money for school", "My wife is a model. I met her in italy. She wants to be a lawyer too.", "Has she started school yet? I'm not married yet. Focusing on trying to get my education.", "No not yet she studies for the lsat. What is your favorite food? Mine is papaya", "I've never had papaya! I love potatoes. Mashed, fried, boiled, just love them", "Single irish lawyer. Nice. Anything else on your mind?", "Just cannot wait to get out of this small town and move to a bigger city.", "Good luck with moving and your studies", "Good luck with the bees, and good luck to your wife on the lawyer deal", "Thanks just livin the dream of a humble bee keeping celebrity husband", "Lol. How is it being the husband of a model??", "My wife is an italian super model"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I spend my extra time dancing.", "I was raised in Somali, but now I am living in  the USA. My aunt helped me to move in the USA."], "partner_persona": ["I am not good at dancing . I am big and clumsy.", "I have a job in the shipyard. I'm volunteering in the pet shelter.", "I have not an aunt.", "I donate my money from the shipyard to the bunny rescue. They let me pet the bunnies. I haven not a bunny as a pet. I would love to have a pet.", "My favorite color is blue."], "current_conv": ["Do you want to go with me on our dancing class?", "You know know how bad at dancing I am. I think it would be too embarrassing! ", "Yes, true haha. How about we hang out volunteering at the pet shelter? That could be fun", "I think I would feel a lot more comfortable doing that! When you want to meet up to go there?", "Not this weekend because I believe aunt is visiting. But I am available some other time", "Just let me know! I want to make sure which ever one we visit has bunnies! ", "Haha of course, I know you love those bunnies. Have you thought about getting a pet?", "I'd love to but I don't exactly want to be responsible for them every day.", "I understand. I guess it's enough to be spending most days helping them a shelter, no?", "Yes, I think doing it this way I feel more helpful. I wouldn't want to add more to my plate.", "I completely get it. I'm sure you're already pretty stressed from the shipyard", "Yeah, I am always soo tired when I get home. Do you have any interest in getting any?"], "history_conv": [["I spend my extra time dancing", "I am not good at dancing too big and clumsy. I can pet the bunnies though.", "I was raised in somalia but now living in u. S.", "I have a job in the shipyard when I'm not volunteering to pet the bunnies.", "Do you have an aunt", "Nope. Did yours save you when you were forced to marry someone?", "No no huh my aunt help get me to the u. S.", "I donate my money from the shipyard to the bunny rescue. They let me pet the bunnies.", "All my time is on dancing I love it", "I like navy blue. It is my favorite color even though bunnies aren't ever blue.", "Do ou own a bunny", "Lenny won't let me have a bunny.", "It was nice meeting you and the bunnies", "One day I will haves me a farm and get to tend the bunnies.", "That would be great to have a bunny", "Yes. I will love and pet and hug them."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I want to be a musician. My parents are unsupportive.", "I sing folk music. I play piano and guitar.", "I am a custodian.", "My favorite food is either crab or lobster. I love seafood."], "partner_persona": ["My name is George.", "I like music.", "I am not close to my family.", "I am a bee farmer. I like to be isolated.", "My wife is an Italian super model. She makes a lot of money and pays the bills.", "My favorite food is papaya. I like seafood, especially shrimp."], "current_conv": ["Hi George, how are the bees?", "They are good thanks making lots of honey at the moment for me.", "Yeah that is great, maybe you can make a bit of money and help your wife out with the bills.", "That would be great if I could she looks after me so well. How is your music coming along?", "It's is going well just in the middle of writing a new song. Finding it hard still though to get the support of my parents.", "Yeah thats a shame I'm sure they will give you some support eventually once they realise how good you are.", "Yeah I really hope so it would be nice to have their approval.", "I would love to hear your song once you are finished writing it.", "Yeah that would be great you could tell me what you think of it then.", "I would love to I look forward to hearing it, I'm sure it is going to be good.", "Thanks it's nice to have someone who is showing me some support its not easy writing music. ", "I bet it's not their must be so much competition out there these days people trying to make it big."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today friend?", "Hello, I'm george, I'm doing well. How are you?", "I am well also. Do you like music?", "I do! What kind do you like?", "My parents do not support me but I want to be a musician.", "Oh that is too bad. I am not close to any of my family either.", "I want to make it big. I sing folk music and play piano and guitar", "I like isolation, which is why I became a bee farmer.", "That's interesting. I've a custodian job. It pays the bills I guess", "My wife is the bill payer. As an italian super model she makes the big money.", "Wow that's awesome! Do you like music?", "I love music! What is your favorite food? Mine is papaya.", "Crabs or lobster. It is to close to call!", "Oh both good choices!", "I love seafood. Do you like it?", "I do like it a lot, especially shrimp!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 34. I am single.", "I have two dogs.", "I like to take bubble baths.", "I play chess as my hobby."], "partner_persona": ["I have grandchildren. I am married.", "I don't have pets. I like to travel.", "I had cancer. I am feeling thankful to be alive.", "I play chess."], "current_conv": ["I signed up to play at the chess club. Would you like to join us as well?", "Sure, I think that'd be fun. I'm no Bobby Fischer but generally I can hold my own haha", "Oh, no problem. It's a pretty casual club so you'd fit right in. Have you traveled anywhere recently?", "WEll, I was thinking about going to Florida for a week just to try and get some rest, but the hubby is sick so he nixed that. Have you traveled?", "Not really. It's so expensive trying to find dog sitters around where I am! I would like to go somewhere with nice, warm, sandy beaches... any recommendations?", "Definitely Florida, then. Next time I go I think you'd get a kick out of it! I love sitting on the beach and reading ", "Me too! I also like to make beach bonfires. Is that allowed on beaches in Florida?", "Some of them do, it shouldn't be a problem to find one that would let that happen. That'd be fun, roast some hot dogs or smores :)", "Exactly! Staring into the fire, listening to the ocean, and talking with close friends. What more could you want?", "A glass of wine? That would be a great topper to the whole proceedings!", "Haha yes! Can't forget the wine! Boy do I love some wine in my bubble baths. It just makes everything better, doesn't it?", "It's the perfect ending to a imperfect day, that's what my husband always says. But he's a construction worker, he has a lot of bad days"], "history_conv": [["Good morning how old are you I am 34", "I am much older than that. My grandchildren are in their thirties", "Do you have any pets? My two dogs are my everything.", "No pets. I am retired so I love to travel. Pets would slow me down", "I understand that. My idea of travel is a long hot bubble bath.", "I used to take a lot of bubble baths when I was recovering from cancer", "Did your cancer get cured?", "I did! Feels great to be alive", "That's wonderful! Do you play chess?", "I do not. Do you?", "I do, it is one of my hobbies. What do you do for fun?", "I spoil my grandkids. They want me to get a smartphone, do you think I should?", "I think it depends on the kid. However all or none. Are you married?", "I am. Are you married?", "No I'm single. Some day the right person will come along.", "Do you date much? You have to put yourself out there"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I won a gold medal in the olympics. I practice gymnastics.", "I really like the color yellow.", "I like Italian food. I like garlic bread.", "I like to exercise."], "partner_persona": ["I like electronics.", "I enjoy spaghetti with vegetarian Italian sausage and garlic bread.", "I don like exercising. I work on a robot."], "current_conv": ["I started training for my next competition and my schedule is really busy these days. ", "Is a gold medal really gold? Like a solid gold coin? Or is it just gold plated?", "Weirdly, they're mostly made with silver and then guilded. Though I don't really care what the actual material is worth, it's all about what it represents.", "That's true. I was asking for my son, he's a bit on the curious side lol", "Oh, is he interested in the Olympics?", "Yes and no, he likes watching them but he's not really athletic. If it's money-related, he's very interested. He likes to wheel and deal ", "I see. I'm definitely making more for winning in terms of sponsorship deals than what the medal is worth, haha! I'm going to be in some ads soon.", "Oh wow, that's awesome? Are you going to be on the Wheaties box? ", "Ha, no, but I do have an upcoming magazine spread with Nike!", "I can't wait to see that! I love Nike, they are my favorite atheletic brand!", "After this, they're definitely mine too! I'm really excited, it's a great oppertunity. ", "Well here is hoping that it nets you a sizable payday! :)"], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you doing today?", "I'm well, how are you?", "I am wonderful. I just won a gold medal in the olympics.", "Wow, that's impressive. What sport?", "The sport is gymnastics. It is so my favorite.", "That's so cool. I like working with electronics myself.", "I wore a yellow leotard with sparkles and I have everything yellow.", "I take it yellow is your favorite color?", "Yes it sure is. I had italian food and garlic bread for a year.", "Like, you mean that is all you ate for an entire year?", "Yes. It sure is. I love it. I cannot get enough.", "I had spaghetti with vegetarian italian sausage and garlic bread last night. It was so good.", "Cool. I did hardcore exercise four hours everyday.", "That's a lot of exercising. I hate exercising. I just work on my robot most days.", "Are we finished? I think we are.", "I sure hope so. I want this to be over."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play video games and listen to music during my free time.", "I like burgers but I am health conscious and into fitness.", "I like wearing skinny jeans and leggings. I like band shirts.", "I have not been poor in my life."], "partner_persona": ["I like watching documentaries.", "I like cheeseburgers and I like cooking.", "I used to be a gym teacher and So i care a lot about fitness.", "I prefer loose fitting clothing over skinny jeans.", "I was poor growing up. I am generous and kind and altruistic. I like volunteering."], "current_conv": ["I saw a documentary on World War 2 and I am very sure you would like it. Have you seen it?", "Which documentary are you taking about? I have seen all kinds of them!", "World War 2 in Colour. It is a Netflix documentary. It shows a lot of historic footage that's been restored in color and shown in high definition!", "That sounds cool. I'll have to put it on the list. What have you been up to lately?", "I've been hunting for some fitness clothing deals online. Since the weather is getting warmer, I thought I would stock up on some clothes so that I can be out and about but be comfortable!", "I hear ya! I need to dig out some clothes. I stashed all the summer stuff away. Are you finding any good deals?", "Yeah, some! I specifically look for second hand clothing because I want to be environmentally conscious, and there are some good deals on clothing that people only wear once or twice and want to get rid of!", "This is true. Waste not want no I always say. I'm just glad the sun feels warm on my face again. Got any big fitness plans for the summer?", "I'm definitely planning on training for a marathon this summer. It's been in my bucket list for a while, and I want to start now.", "Nice. I may need to set some goals like that. It's been a while since I have felt motivated. A change in seasons helps though.", "Would you consider joining me on my marathon training? The regimen also can be tweaked for shorter distances!", "I would like to but I don't want to slow you down! How far do you run to train on avreage? "], "history_conv": [["Hi! I hope your day is going well. How are you?", "I'm just watching a documentary on the vietnam war. You?", "Just listening to some music and playing video games.", "Awesome. I'm cooking some burgers on the grill. Cheeseburgers are my fave", "I love a good burger, but I try hard to stay thin and in shape.", "I am all about fitness. I used to be a gym teacher", "Did you have a special uniform? I love my skinny jeans and leggings.", "Just loose fitting clothing. That's about it", "I like band shirts, especially with ruffled sleeves.", "I was too poor to afford anything really growing up", "Is life better for you now?", "Yes. I serve food to the poor because of what I went through", "Truly that is a great way to give back. I admire you.", "Thank you so much. It is always great to volunteer for a cause."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm from india. I study computer programming.", "I coach swimming.", "I love soft drinks. I want to stop drinking soft drinks.", "I don't have a boyfriend. I love death metal music."], "partner_persona": ["I m from portland, OR.", "I like to walk in parks. I don't like soft drinks. I m trying to watch sugar intake.", "I have a boyfriend who's a model.", "I don't like death metal music.", "I share a house with my boyfriend. My boyfriend has a cat."], "current_conv": ["Have you been lowering your sugar intake?", "Yeah! I bought a book called how to bake with less sugar, and it's given me lots of good ideas on how to use other sweeteners in my cooking as well.", "Is the flavor different when you use a different sweetener?", "I do have to admit, yes. But it's been great to use flavors that I don't mind, such as using honey in my tea or using fruits such as bananas in my smoothies. I end up using white sugar in my cooking because sometimes there's no great substitute, but I only use a small pinch.", "I tried switching to diet soft drinks but I didn't enjoy the taste. Maybe I'll try eating more fruits to satisfy my sweet tooth instead fo grabbing another soft drink.", "I think that's a great idea. Eating more fruits has definitely helped feel fuller too, so I've been able to watch my calories more easily too.", "It's always good to drop a few pounds so you can show off when the weather gets warm", "Yes. The elusive six pack may in the works as well. We will see!", "Keep me posted. Coaching swimming keeps me in shape.", "Does the pool that you use for coaching have public swimming hours? I would love to swim to help my fitness level!", "They do, but its always packed. It's worth the extra money for a membership so you can get a lane to yourself if you go during the day.", "I see. Yeah I don't want to be swimming when it's crowded with families and teenagers! Yuck!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I'm from india. Where are you from?", "I m from portland or. I just got back from a long walk", "Haha I just got back from coaching swimming at the pool. Walking where?", "I like to walk in parks for good health. No soft drinks for me either!", "I love soft drinks when I study computer programming. I wish I could cut it off.", "I love sodas with my burgers and fries but I m trying to watch sugar intake", "Why in particular sugar? Swimming is a good way to burn off calories.", "Sodas in us made with high fructose corn syrup. Bad for you!", "Very bad but once in a while it is okay!", "Nah. I want to stay cute and lean for my boyfriend who s a model", "I wish I had a boyfriend. All I've is my death metal music.", "I won t allow death metal music to be played in my house!", "Why not? As long as it isn't too loud!", "My boyfriend and I share a house and he has a very sensitive psychic cat", "A psychic cat? I'd love to know more about that.", "He can tell when bad things are going to happen by howling loudly"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I sing.", "I am good with intuitions. I can read minds. I can only guess smaller things as I have limited power."], "partner_persona": ["I like disney and my family visits disney world yearly. I love mickey mouse.", "I like the songs from the movie Frozen. I study in third grade and I will be in fourth grade soon.", "I like singing and dancing. I sing with my friends in school.", "I am entertained easily."], "current_conv": ["My sister was just dancing and singing on songs from Frozen. I thought of you! She loves Elsa, do you?", "I'm definitely more of a Team Anna person. I think her singing is just awesome. Especially \"For the First Time in Forever\" and \"Do You Want to Build a Snowman\"", "I don't blame you, Anna is pretty cool too. Didn't you sing \" Do You Want To Build a Snowman\" for your Christmas concert last year? ", "Yeah that was me! Haha, that costume took ages to prep. My mom helped a ton to do that. I might do another Frozen song for the upcoming concert, but I haven't decided yet. The songs are so catchy but difficult to sing, don't you think?", "Absolutely, I catch myself whistling the soundtrack more times than I'd like to admit! I can't wait to go to Disney and see all the characters in person, Mickey Mouse too!", "Oh Disney World is really a magical place, as cliche as that sounds. I highly recommend you get the parkhopper tickets so you can visit all the parks, like the Animal Kingdom and Epcot!", "I will certainly look into getting those, are they expensive for a big family? I really do hate waiting on lines though. I want to do the hot air balloon ride too! Are you scared of those? ", "They are expensive, for sure. But I think you they have annual deals that you can take advantage of. The flexibility and little to no waiting time is absolutely worth every penny. I'm definitely scared of heights, so I didn't go on the hot air balloon ride, haha!", "See? My intuition is right again, i got that vibe from you, and they say psychics are phonies! ", "What! You guessed that I would be scared of heights? That's amazing. Can you teach someone how to read minds?", "Yeah, something about you just says \"Scared Of Heights\" , can't put my finger on it but I just trust my gut! It's not really something you teach, you're born with it, but some people bloom later than others!", "Oh boy, that's a bummer. I really wish I can read what my friends are thinking sometimes at school. But on a second thought, maybe that isn't such a good idea..."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "I am good. You? My family goes to disney world yearly. You sing?", "I do. Have you ever seen the movie frozen?", "Yes! Frozen songs are my fave. I'm in third grade. What grade you in?", "I am kind of a psychic. Do you love mickey mouse?", "Get out! I love mickey. My friend and I sing frozen songs during playground time.", "I know. Like I said. Psychic...", "Great! Okay tell me what I am thinking now? Go!", "You are singing a song from frozen in your head.", "Wow! Not! Okay psychic, give me six lottery numbers.", "That's too much power. I cannot do that.", "Oh! Could you try? Heres six for you. 12, 49, 34, 62, 7 and 19.", "12 5 76 34 8 45", "Great! I will in fourth grade soon. You dance?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like taylor swift. Listening to music helps me uplift my mood.", "I work as a manager at a convenience store.", "I am a pagan and I believe nature is my church.", "I believe counseling and therapy might help.", "I have 2 dogs and no kids."], "partner_persona": ["I am depressed. My wife and kids have left me. I am ready to do anything to not be depressed. I would get a dog if it helped me get out of depression.", "I spend my time working or playing games on facebook. I have a boring job. I do not believe in religion and do not visit the church.", "I am fat. I believe that losing weight might bring my wife back.", "I spent alot of time with my kids and used to ride bikes with them."], "current_conv": ["My dogs really uplift my mood whenever I am down. Just yesterday, I had a horrible day but just spending time with the dogs made everything good. Have you considered getting dogs to help you?", "I would consider a dog but I don't know where to start.  What breeds should I consider?", "You definitely don't want a breed that could get aggressive or that requires a considerable amount of training.  I find that golden retrievers, labs, and boxers are excellent companions.  I guess the other thing to think about is the size of the dog...would you want a smaller or more medium/large breed?", "I would want one to keep in the house so it doesn't need to shed much.  I like the idea of a smaller dog but somewhat manly?  Andy idea of dogs based on that?", "Hmm.  The smaller you go, the less \"manly\" the dog becomes, I think lol.  Daschunds are cute...so are beagles...but beagles tend to howl.", "I wouldn't mind a beagle I guess.  Have you ever owned one?  ", "I personally have not, but my grandmother did.  She let the poor thing get drastically overweight.  The beagle did howl quite a bit, which was a bit much to deal with at times...but she also didn't train him to not howl as much, so maybe that could be something you work on with the dog.", "Well, I also live in a rural area, so the howling might not be as big of a deal.  I know you work.  I do too.  What do you do with your dogs while you are working?", "I crate-trained the dogs early on, so when it is time for me to go to work, they head into their crate (it's quite large) and they stay in there until I get home.  Lucky for me, I work close to home, so I usually stop home for lunch, let the dogs out a bit to play and stretch, and then they go back in the crates until I'm done with work for the day.  Some people I know send their dogs to a doggie daycare.", "Well, my job is boring.   But my boss might not care if I bring my dog to work with me.  He has a bird.  I would just have to work on the howling.  Did you train your dogs yourself or did you send them to obedience training?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you this morning?", "Not good. Things in my life are not going well.", "I am so sorry to hear that. Have you tried listening to taylor swift?", "Music is not going to bring my wife and kids back!", "It will help with your depression, country music does this for me.", "Since they left all I do is work and play games on facebook.", "Do you work? I am a manager at a convenience store.", "I do have a boring job. Do you go to church? I am a non believer.", "No, I'm pagan. Nature is my church.", "Maybe my wife will come back if I lose weight. Any suggestions?", "Cardio and weight lifting. As for your wife, counseling may help.", "I used to ride bikes with my kids alot. Do you have kids?", "No, I don't. Only dogs.", "I have heard pets can help with depression. What breeds do you own?", "Springer spaniel and a labrador retriever.", "Do they make you happy?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My dream is to meet mickey mouse.", "I am in 3rd grade. I know all of the words to the songs in Frozen."], "partner_persona": ["I am trying to achieve my dream.", "I grew up in a small town. I want to live in the city. I went to school. I am a lawyer.", "I have never seen the movie frozen.", "I like horses.", "My grandparents had a horse farm."], "current_conv": ["Have you gotten a chance to watch the movie frozen yet?", "Oh, I'm sorry - I completely forgot that you asked me to watch the movie last time we talked. I haven't watched it yet.", "That's too bad! You must watch it soon. What city do you dream of living in?", "I wish I could live in Calgary, which is in Alberta in Canada. I love being in nature, and going to Banff National Park regularly would be the dream!", "That sounds cool! I don't know much about Canada yet. I think we may learn about it soon though.", "Yeah, maybe in your geography or history class you'll learn about Canada. It's a neighboring country to the United States, but they have many differences!", "Can you meet Mickey Mouse there? If so, I'd like to go to Canada too!", "Oh I'm sure you could. Mickey mouse is a global figure! I'm sure he visits Canada once in a while. What would you say to Mickey Mouse if and when you meet him?", "Oh I don't know, I'd probably be to excited to even say anything or I'd be embarrassed.", "Haha, that's understandable. But you should think about it! It's not everyday you get to meet someone that famous.", "I will, maybe I can come up with something really cool to talk to him about. Now I'm excited just thinking about it.", "I know, maybe you two can talk about the latest Disney movies and see what he thinks of them."], "history_conv": [["How are you doing this evening?", "I'm doing well. I'm so close to achieving my dream.", "What is your dream? Mine is to meet mickey mouse.", "I grew up in a small town and want to live in the city.", "I'm in the 3rd grade. Do you go to school?", "I did when I was little. I finished school and am a lawyer.", "Do you like the movie frozen?", "I have never seen it before. What is it about?", "2 girls. There is a lot of singing and I know all the words.", "Oh very nice. Are there horses? I like horses.", "There is reindeer that acts like a horse.", "Interesting. My family had a horse farm when I was little.", "Ohh I bet that was fun!", "It was, my grandparents did it too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Sophie and I am four. I go to school.", "I like chocolate.", "I like to share my blocks. I like to sing songs about letters. The ABC song is my favorite song. I love to talk.", "I like cars. I want to be a dog when I grow up."], "partner_persona": ["My name is John and I am in my early 30's.", "I don't like chocolate. My wife takes all my money.", "I am getting a divorce.", "My job is selling cars. I don't like my job."], "current_conv": ["Did you sell any cars yet?", "We were close, but the customer ended up not buying it. It was really disappointing.", "I am sorry to hear that.  Are you and your wife getting a divorce? ", "Yes, I have a meeting with the lawyer after work. You won't believe how expensive these lawyers are! Hopefully we make a sale today so I can get my commission.", "I have a friend at school and his parents are getting a divorce too.  He is going to live sometimes with his mom and sometimes with his dad.  If my parents got a divorce, I would be very sad. They only thing that would help is chocolate!", "I hope your parents don't get a divorce! Do they get along well?", "They argue sometimes but then they are happy together.  When they are mad at each other I tell them that we all should sing an ABC song. It always helps!", "That's a really nice idea! Do you have any other favorite songs?", "I also like Itsy Bitsy spider and Wheels on the Bus. Did you used to sing songs when you were 4 like me?", "Yes, definitely! I always liked London Bridge and Brother John. Did you learn these songs at school?", "My teacher thought it to us.  I really like cars. When I grow up I want to be a race car driver. Or maybe I can sell cars like you.", "I think racing cars would be a lot more fun! Don't ever sell cars. It's impossible!"], "history_conv": [["Good morning. My name is sophie. I just turned four. What is your name?", "My name is john. I am in my early thirties", "Hi john. I like chocolate. Do you?", "No. I don't have money to spend on chocolate. My wife takes it all", "She should share! I like to share my blocks and sing songs about letters.", "She doesn't share. We are a getting a divorce. What is your favorite song", "The abc song is my favorite. People have a hard time understanding, but I love to talk.", "My job is selling cars. Do you like cars?", "I do. But I want to be a dog when I grow up.", "I don't like my job. I should try to be a dog too", "You should! Ruff, ruff! Bye now!", "Bye have a good day at school", "You try to have a good day at work.", "I will try to sell lots of cars today", "I'll try to learn the alphabet!", "Always start with a and end with z"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am expecting triplets in 90 days' time. My triplets are all boys.", "I am from a small town.", "I rode a horse once when I was 5.", "I am from Spain. I have visited this country before. I now work full-time for a school."], "partner_persona": ["I am studying to be a lawyer.", "I am from a small town. I was raised on a horse farm. My family has owned horse farms for several generations.", "I ride horses all the time. I am used to getting saddle soreness."], "current_conv": ["I just felt all three of my triplets kicking. It feels like I'm gonna have a soccer team!", "How cool! I can't believe you are due in 90 days.  How does it feel?", "Very bloated lol. I'm very ready to not be pregnant, honestly!", "I can't even imagine what it feels like.  Is your family living close by? Are you going to have any help?", "My mom is planning to help me a lot. I am single so it's going to be quite a handful. ", "I wish I could help you.  But I am starting college in two months. ", "Don't worry about it, you have enough on your hands! Do you find school to be difficult, or are you good at staying on top of everything?", "Sometimes it is overwhelming but I push through it.  Riding horses helps me distress, they are the best therapy.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you?", "Good I am studying to be a lawyer right now", "Wow that is awesome I am trying to relax having triplets in 90 days", "Wow! Are they girls or boys?", "All boys so please pray for me lol", "I will! Are you from a big or small town? Small town for me", "Small as well everyone knows everyone here", "Generations of my family had horse farms. I was raised on one", "I rode one when I was 5 but I do not remember I only have a pic", "I ride them all the time", "Your but does not get sore?", "It does but you get used to it lol", "Lol I don't know I am barely getting used to this country", "What country are you from?", "Spain but I had already been here just not to live my school hired me ft", "That's cool what do you do?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Ohio State sports teams.", "I have a fiance. My fiance makes fish tacos.", "I live in California by the ocean. I like the ocean."], "partner_persona": ["I like Alabama sports. I am from Alabama.", "I do not skate. I have 19 dogs. I love my dogs. I have a dog named Foxy.", "I like chicken tacos.", "I have 3 sisters."], "current_conv": ["My fiancee made me chicken tacos the other night and they were delicious. Great idea, thank you. ", "You're welcome. What did you have in your tacos? I like using sour cream, avocado, salsa, cheese, lettuce and tomato in mine. ", "I had pico de gallo, guacamole, hot sauce, cheese and sour cream in mine. Those sound delicious! How was your day with Foxy?", "It sounds delicious! Foxy and I had a nice relaxing day. Have you gotten to the ocean lately?", "That's great to hear! Yeah, yesterday I went to the ocean with my fiance and we had a blast!", "That's awesome :) Did you guys do anything fun or just relax?", "Mainly just relax, it was nice to watch the waves after not going for so long. Spending time with my fiance is the best, do you like to spend time with your sisters?", "Relaxing is always a good thing. The waves must be very engaging to watch, especially with your fiance by your side. I love to spend time with my sisters. I would love to spend a day at the ocean with them.", "I completely agree! It's one of the best feelings in the world. That'd be awesome, I know Alabama isn't anywhere near the ocean but maybe one day you could take a trip to the coast? It might be hard to bring 19 dogs though, lol", "Maybe I can expand on your leaving the dogs with sisters idea. Take some of the sisters and leave the dogs with the others. Then do the other group another time :)", "That's a great idea! I think both groups would appreciate the relaxation. I hope you can do that one day and tell me all about it! :)", "Who doesn't like to relax, right?  How has Ohio State sports been going so far"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "Ok. Since alabama, my home team, won saturday night.", "I'm an ohio state fan. Do you skate?", "No. Too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters.", "Oh wow. That is a lot of dogs.", "Yes love them almost as my tacos. No I love my dogs more.", "My fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw.", "Wow. My sisters and I love chicken tacos.", "Those are good too, I live in cali. Along the ocean.", "I live in middle of alabama. Do not get to ocean much.", "I could not stand to live inland, the ocean runs through my veins.", "Yes. I want to go more but no one to stay with 19 dogs.", "Maybe someone will come and dog sit for you.", "Maybe each sister could take six dogs each and foxy go with me.", "There you go. Where there's a will, there's a way.", "That is right. And take my tacos."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own a cat. My mom is visiting me soon. I was arrested for shoplifting a toy for my cat. I get out in a month.", "I never new my dad."], "partner_persona": ["I own 5 cats.", "I have never been arrested. I enjoy playing with my cats.", "I do not have any kids. I don't have a girlfriend.", "I work construction."], "current_conv": ["So, a tip that might help you to get girls is to try to talk to them instead of whistling at them. For most girls, a guy whistling at them is very off putting.", "I see.. I definitely won't whistle at them. How is your cat doing?", "My cat is doing well! Thank you for asking. Hopefully approaching girls in calmer manner will help with your luck", "I think it will. I'm going to try some of those dating apps to see if that will help. When is your mom coming to visit?", "Dating apps may work out great. A great way to get to know someone. My mom is coming next week. ", "That sounds like fun. Does she have to go through any special protocols to get into the prison?", "I will not be in prison when she visits. What type of girl are you looking for?", "Someone down to earth, who doesn't mind camping and roughing it.", "I am sure you can find her! And of course someone who likes your cats, right?", "Of course! If she was allergic to cats, that would be a non-starter.", "Do you want someone who wants to get married? Or have kids?", "Maybe, but not yet. I'd rather enjoy the world and travel a bit before I settle down. What about you?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I finally got a chance to use the internet! Tell me about yourself.", "Hey, good for you! Me? Well, I love my cats. All five of them, lol.", "I want to see my cat! At least my moms is visiting soon. Have you been arrested?", "Arrested?!? You think so... Lol. No, they have not caught me yet.", "I am in here for shoplifting, with a month to go. What have you got away with?", "My dad taught me a lot. Even how to stay out of jail, fortunately! Lol..", "I wish I knew my dad. Do you have any tips for staying out of trouble?", "Sure. Don't do drugs. Don't be stupid. Get married and obey your wife. Simple.", "Sounds kind of boring! What do you do for fun?", "Lol. I play with my cats. What could be funner?!?", "I was caught stealing a new toy for my cat, so that doesn't help. P", "Haha. You do not need to steal a toy. Cats can play with string, right?", "Mine is spoiled, only wants the best! Do you have kids?", "No kids. I work construction and can't afford them. Plus no girls love me.", "No I feel like I am older then you! Want any tips on getting girls?", "Yes please! Working construction, I whistle at lots of girls, but no luck."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I ride my bike to work.", "My dad makes fun of my career choice. I sell watches. I spend my money on watches and shoes.", "I love royal crown cola. I don't drink."], "partner_persona": ["I like mountain biking.", "My favorite drink is coffee."], "current_conv": ["Have you been mountain biking anywhere interesting lately?", "Yes, actually. I went to a nearby trail and spent a few hours biking! It was so much fun! What is your favorite pair of shoe you own?", "I have two brands of shoes that I tend to prefer. Jack Wolfskin and Oboz for their trail running shoes. They're a cross between a hiking boot and a running shoe. Super comfortable, waterproof, and durable.", "Wow, interesting. I'll definitely have to check those out! Have you thought about getting a car so you don't have to bike to work or do you enjoy riding?", "I have thought about it but I'm not sure it would pay off with savings in the end. I like vintage cars a lot. Do you mean vintage or modern cars? ", "I didn't have a specific type in mind. Wow, I really enjoy vintage cars too...preferably Chevy Trucks, like the 51' Apache or the 71' Chevy C10 Sidestep! Those are beautiful pieces of American made trucks!", "I want a classic Ford, myself. I tend to be a Ford person, not a Chevy one. Either a '57-67 old truck, or a '67 Ford Mustang GT. I prefer cars that I can fix, today's are too computerized. I'm not sure buying one would pay off with work 2 blocks away. ", "You're so right about that, they make things to wear out faster and price things to high these days. I can see why now riding your bike is much more efficient! How convenient to be that close to you job! Guess what I did today? I went and tried out one of Starbucks Cinnamon Roll Frappuccino...it was fantastic! But I think their White Iced Mocha Frappuccino is my favorite! ", "That sounds fantastic! I love Starbucks but don't get it very often because it can be expensive. I love their Frappuccino's the most. I'll have to try the Cinnamon Roll one! I wonder if they have it at the shop near my home. Do you have other things you like there? ", "Oh yes, I love just about everything including their food selections. They have fantastic breakfast, they have a bacon gouda and egg sandwich that is just melts in your mouth! I tend to go to Starbucks to treat myself once every couple weeks. You're right it can be expensive. I am a nifty shopper and try to find coupons or discounts online before going. I meant to ask you, what kind of watches do you sell?", "I usually buy gift cards when they're having bonus ones during the holiday season. Sometimes you can get $240 worth of gift cards there for $200 and such. I'm not as huge of a fan of their food, but I love trying all their drinks. I think the Refreshers are my favorite thing, along with the Cold Brew and the Frappuccinos. The new Kiwifruit/Starfruit Refresher is my new favorite. The Mango/Dragonfruit is a second.  ", "I have seen the Mango/Dragonfruit but I haven't tried it. I have however, had the Kiwifruit/Starfruit Refresher it was pretty delicious! When Summertime comes I'll be interested in trying out the different refreshers.  I get in on those deals too, with the gift cards! I love free money!  I like gifting to friends and family too, they get excited when I share my good fortunes with them!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you? I was just daydreaming about my favorite car.", "I'm good. Just came back from mountain biking.", "I rode a bike to work today, speaking of which want to buy a watch?", "Not really. I'd buy a cup of coffee though.", "I should have been a barista... My dad makes fun of my career choice all the time.", "Do you sell watches?", "I do. But I spend all my paychecks on more watches. And shoes.", "Interesting job. Do you drink?", "I subside entirely on royal crown cola.", "That is funny. My favorite drink is a cup of coffee", "If I collect enough empty cans I can sell them for a rolls royce.", "That would be a lot of cans.", "It isn't like I have it any other way, I'm paid entirely in broken watches.", "I don't understand that. How are you paid in broken watches?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm 60 years old. I plan to retire in a few years.", "I love kids. I work as a librarian.", "I like to travel. I've been to Spain."], "partner_persona": ["I am taking algebra. I am 13 years old. I have a 17-year old brother.", "I like our school librarian, who is also the soccer coach.", "My family mostly stays at home. We go to visit my grandma Frankie in Ojai on Thanksgiving.", "My grandma is not a good cook. My grandma has facial hair that hurts me when she hugs me.", "I like someone named Theda Thorpe."], "current_conv": ["What's it like in Spain?", "I have never been to Spain, i though you ", "How are you getting on with the algebra? ", "It is more in depth than regular math, where do you like to travel?", "It is! I've been all over Europe and the East. Do you ever travel with your family? Other than thanksgiving at grama ", "Unfortunately no, maybe one day we will", "Maybe you could go with Theda Thorpe one day?", "Yes if hed want to go with me, do you have kids of your own"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Tired. Spent all night trying to do algebra homework I don t understand.", "Oh no, how old are you. I am 60, retiring in a few years.", "13. I have an older brother who is 17.", "Nice, I love kids, I work as a librarian", "I like our school librarian. She s also our soccer coach. Really nice.", "That's great, does your family like to travel? I do", "No. Not too much. I take a school bus but we mostly stay at home. Except thanksgiving", "I've been to spain a few times, where do you go for thanksgiving?", "My grandma frankie s house. My mom s mom who lives in ojai.", "That sounds like fun, with lots of good food", "Not really. She s a bad cook and we end up getting pollo loco a lot", "Oh no! But you still have to love grandma lol", "I love my grandma frankie. But she has whiskers that hurt my face when she hugs me", "Haha, you sound like a great kid.", "I guess. I only wish theda thorpe would go steady with me."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I care about other people.", "I like animals.", "I spend a lot of time with my horses.", "I like walking. I like relaxing.", "I like to exercise.", "Watching tv is a relaxing activity for me. I believe it is important to enjoy life and not get too caught up in work."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals.", "I operate a business having to do with dogs. I am a dog walker.", "I am a salesman. I sell a variety of things. I prefer being inactive to being active.", "Watching tv is a relaxing activity for me. I am in multiple relationships.", "I idolized my dad.", "I believe it is important to enjoy life and not get too caught up in work as well."], "current_conv": ["How have sales been? Are your feet hurting from pounding the pavement?", "I'm sorry I don't understand that metaphor, but if you are referring to my sales job as a salesman than yes. My feet don't hurt too much. ", "Yes, pounding the pavement refers to door to door sales but means sales in general. How do you balance your sales with your dog-walking job/", "I try to sell my products to my customers while I walk the dogs. I meet people while walking and offer solutions to problems they might have while walking around the neighborhood. One product I offer my customers is fertilizer. I sell the fertilizer from the dogs I walk to people who have plants in their yards.", "That's excessively clever! You're really created a synergy there. How about your personal life? Are you still seeing multiple people?", "I do love connecting with multiple people as I feel more connected with the varying personalities of people. I like that people are so complicated from their wide range of interests and simple in how they feel about their interests. I'm addicted to people. So, yes, I am definitely seeing multiple people still. Thank you for asking.", "Do you have any business partners in your dog-walking / fertilizer selling businesses?", "My business partners are the dogs that I walk. I contribute a part of my income from that business to the parents of those dogs. This way they can afford food, healthcare and the occasional toy because they are so nice and good.", "That's an interesting strategy. I didn't even know most people knew who the parents of their dogs are.", "The parents are the humans who take care of them. I'm sorry for not clarifying this for you earlier. I love these dogs. They are so smart. ", "Oh, OK. I though you meant literal biological parents. Have you ever gone for a walk with them and forgotten or run out of waste bags?", "Sometime I do forget, but in moments like that, I just move the fertilizer toward the grass area. This way the fertilizer can help nearby plants."], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today?", "I am great. You have any animals?", "Horses on the farm and you", "Three dogs, I've a business dealing with dogs.", "That is good what dogs name. Horses keep me busy.", "I do no have names since one part of my job is walking them.", "Walking is relaxing enjoy to relax after a long day", "Well, I already walk a ton being a salesman.", "What you like to sale and exercise is good", "All kinds, but would rather be watching the olympics than walking.", "Tv relax me after a long day outside", "Yes, plus its a full house seeing as I'm in a polyamorous relationship.", "Oh my a lot going on music is loud", "Yes, but following my dads footsteps going door to door selling.", "Money is always nice just enjoy the country life", "Yes I agree you are soo right!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite band is the Rolling Stones. I see them in concert every year.", "I love to work out. I eat a raw diet.", "I love the rowing machine.", "I'm an economics student.", "I recently bought a house.", "I need a haircut. My hair is past my armpits."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite band is metallica.", "I try to work out at the gym regularly. I like the treadmill and rowing machine.", "I'm done with school. I majored in marketing.", "I keep my hair short."], "current_conv": ["Looks like your haircut went well! Where did you go?", "I actually have a lady that does it in her own home. She is amazing, and I always tip her an extra 50 if I get 100 likes on social media in less than a week when she does it", "Are you a social media influencer?", "Me? I don't think so? Like I do post a lot of positive reviews of stuff and have a LOT of followers. But I do it as a hobby. Like I don't get paid or anything.", "How long have you been doing this as a hobby?", "Since Myspace was a thing I guess. I can take you to my hair dresser whenever you want to get some of it chopped off, and she can make you look like a whole new person. Referrals get 50% off their first cut/style", "It sounds fun to have fans to interact with on social media. I am certainly interested in this referral. I wonder what style I should go with?", "I wouldn't call them fans haha. More like people that like to get good info haha. like half my myspace friends followed me over to FB and twitter. What kind of style have you always wanted but feared trying?", "I've always been afraid of cutting my hair really short. Whatever I do though I'd like to keep my bangs.", "Really? Wow that is such an old style! I rarely see bangs anymore! Maybe after you get your hair done, I can post you on my page and do like a TBT type hype post to get people to go get some bangs and post selfies haha. That would be a blast", "I know but I just can't help loving what I love. That sounds like a lot of fun! I'd love to be a part of it!", "If you want, I can fwd my info and you can follow my pages to see what kind of responses I get before I plaster you on my wall. That way you will be ready for the possible contacts because it happens."], "history_conv": [["Hey, what is your favorite band?", "My favorite band is metallica. I have liked them since high school.", "Radical! Mine is the rolling stones. I see them in concert every year.", "Very cool. What is your work out routine these days?", "I love to work out, and I eat a completely raw diet to complement it. You?", "I try to hit the gym regularly. I like the treadmill and rowing machine.", "Ooh, I love the rowing machine. Are you going to school at all?", "No. All done with school. Are you a student?", "Yes, and I'm majoring in economics. What did you go for?", "Marketing. So is it hard to keep up with a raw diet?", "Yeah, it can get expensive. I recently bought a house and need to watch my spending.", "Nice chatting with you. I'm going to get a short haircut now.", "That sounds nice. I should definitely get a haircut soon as well.", "How long is your hair now?", "It is past my armpits, haha! It can get unruly. How long is yours?", "I keep it short all the time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm out of work. I worked as a doctor in the er for 15 years."], "partner_persona": ["I like being in parks.", "I like to watch nascar and UFC.", "I'd like to be in the medical field someday.", "I've been an usher at an orchestra theatre since age 16."], "current_conv": ["Do you think the theater you work at is hiring now?", "I can ask next time I go for my shift. Have you applied to any other places recently?", "Yeah, I tried to get into a local clinic, keep your fingers crossed! Or I could flip burgers lol", "Lol! I'm sure it's not as hard as being a doctor, but a job is a job.", "Yeah, the hospital cut back on staff for some stupid reason and since I only had 15 years in I was let go :( Maybe I will open a private practice, who knows?", "That's rough but everything happens for a reason. A private practice sounds like a great idea. You can make your own hours, and have more time to watch UFC with me! :)", "That would be awesome, I don't get a lot of TV time but the UFC sounds exciting lol", "Yeah it's so exciting. Last night's fight was great. Total knockout in one round. You should definitely tune in next time.", "I'll have to do that when my husband isn't hogging the TV haha He likes to watch his crime dramas after work", "Lol yeah husbands tend to do that. You could always catch a movie instead, I can get you some free passes to the theatre. One of the perks of working there for so long.", "That'd be great, I haven't been to the theater in a few years! I got to have nachos, though. I love nachos. It's not a movie theater experience without 'em", "Oh, nachos are a necessity! The cheese dip we have is so good, you need to try it. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing?", "Hi, I am doing well, how are you?", "Can't complain. I had a wonderful afternoon in the park.", "Oh, that is nice. I like being in parks especially in nice weather", "Yes. The weather is perfect here now. What do you like to do?", "I like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc", "That sounds fun! I've time to do that since I'm out of work right now.", "How long have you been working at your current place?", "I worked as a doctor in the er for 15 years.", "Oh that's nice, I like to be in the medical field someday.", "And what do you do?", "I work as an usher at an orchestra theatre since I was sixteen years old", "I'd love working near music.", "Yeah it is nice. Do you have a favorite band?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love Europe. I want to visit Europe at least twice a year.", "I live in the USA. I love fish and chips.", "I've been on many cruises.", "I am retired. I don't want to work.", "Christopher columbus was my great great grandfather.", "I need to feed the horses and start cooking."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a small town. I don't travel much.", "I live on a horse farm. My family helps take care of the horses.", "I like history."], "current_conv": ["How have the horses been lately? Are you able to find some free time to study history?", "They are very good and enjoying the warm weather, I like to read history as well but never visited Europe, what part of USA do you live?", "I live in the west coast with near to pacific ocean, you should start thinking of travelling more to explore the world like Columbus.", "Well its a long time to my retirement so I would work hard to save money, how is the cruise trips like aren't you scared of the deep ocean?", "The cruise is an amazing experience and you should try sometime.", "I am more of a person of farmland and not been to ocean a lot, but I also live fish as a meal.", "What type of fish you like as i like Salmon the most.", "Where I live we get more of fish from the lakes or the river only. ", "Well its been a very nice day outside and I am again thinking to go to the beach and have some fun.", "Well this is one of the benefit of living near the beach, so what part of Europe is best to visit?", "I would say to visit the Italy and Rome as it has a lot of history associated to it and you will enjoy.", "That is amazing as I always liked the Roman Empire and imagined how the structures are built."], "history_conv": [["Europe is so much fun!", "Are you visiting there now", "No, but I like to go at least twice a year.", "That is nice where are you in particular", "Usa, they have good fish and chips here, which I love to eat!", "I live in a small town so I don't travel much", "Travelling is great, I've been on many cruises", "That is fun I live on a horse farm", "Horses can be a lot of hard work. I am retired, trying to avoid work.", "Yeah they can be but my family helps out", "I'll stay home and cook some paella today", "That sounds great is that something you learned from you trips", "Christopher columbus was my great great grandfather, he travelled a lot!", "Wow that's pretty cool I like history", "Yes, better get to feeding the horses, I'll start cooking! Bye!", "Ok have a great day"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My family plays stringed instruments. My father played violin in the symphony.", "I love the city. I volunteer at a homeless shelter on the weekends."], "partner_persona": ["I love horses. My family has worked with horses for generations. I grew up on a horse farm in a small town.", "My dream occupation is to be a lawyer.", "I want to move to the city and partake in cultural experiences.", "I've brought my mini pony to the children's hospital to volunteer."], "current_conv": ["I was telling the kids at the shelter about your pony and they wanted to ask if you could send a photo I could show them. ", "Of course. I've got tons of photos with the kids at the children's hospital riding on him. I wonder if the homeless shelter would let me bring the pony over one day.", "So how do the children at the children's hospital like the mini pony?", "They loved him. They laughed and giggled. Smiles all around... except for one shy little boy who wouldn't come close", "That's awesome, and yes, I would love to see a photo!", "I'll send over a few good ones once I'm back at my computer. How old are most of the kids at the shelter where you volunteer?", "Most of the women there are teenagers.  They are homeless and pregnant.  I really enjoy working there.  I like to think I am making a difference.  I would imagine you feel the same with the kids where you volunteer.", "I try to cheer up the kids, but I don't think I make any lasting impressions. Your work seems much more fulfilling.", "I hope my work helps them.  So are you still wanting to become a lawyer?", "Yeah. If only I won the lottery so I could afford the tuition...", "Oh my goodness.  I can only imagine.  If I won the lottery, I think I would do some traveling.  ", "Where would you like to go?"], "history_conv": [["Hello what are you up to this evening?", "I love horses we done this for generations", "My family is more into string instruments than farming.", "I am fine, being a lawyer is my dream.", "Good luck! I see some cool law firms while exploring my city", "I see, I grew up in ta horse farm in a small town,", "Awesome. I grew up listening to my father play the violin in the symphony", "That is why I want to move to the city it is my dream", "I love the city. I help out at the homeless shelter on the weekends", "You are lucky, they only love horses", "I hope you make it to the city someday. It is great to explore", "That's so sweet of you, I bring my horses to the children hospital once", "Haha was it able to fit in the elevator?", "Yes, the city has many great places and people", "Wait so you fit a horse in an elevator? I need to hear more about this", "Yes, it did, we brought in a mini pony the kids loves it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have cats.", "I like vanilla ice cream.", "I have a hat collection of 1000 hats.", "I won an olympic gold medal.", "I like electronic music."], "partner_persona": ["I have cats. I watch Nascar.", "I like mexican food.", "I have one hat.", "I like UFC.", "I love Aerosmith and followed them on tour.", "I started work at 16.", "I like classic rock."], "current_conv": ["What was your first job as a teen.", "My very first job was in a restaurant kitchen. Quickly learned it wasn't for me and got into music. What about you?", "I actually didn't have a first job when I was younger. I have been into sports as long as I can remember.", "Fair enough. How do you support yourself through sports?", "I have been blessed to have parents that supported me. Sports helped me with scholarships for college. My parents were more interested in my education then me working.", "That's good. I would have liked to have focused on my education but I needed to work to support myself. ", "That's unfortunate. I never took my opportunities for grants. Where do you work now?", "I am currently working as a promoter for a few bands and artists. It is really fun. ", "That sounds awesome! I am happy to hear you are able to enjoy your job! ", "Yes, I am fortunate enough to have a job I enjoy. There is nothing else than having to work a job you hate just to survive. ", "I can only imagine! I remember you saying you really like Aerosmith, got a favorite song by them?", "I honestly don't think I could choose. They have so many good songs and albums. DO you have a favorite?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Hey there! I am noah. Doing great, how are you?", "Not much just taking care of my two cats, I love them so much!", "That is awesome, I love cats. Mine like to watch nascar with me", "I've a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream.", "Pretty cool, I love mexican food, can not get enough! What do you do for fun?", "I collect hats! I have a collection of 1000 hats!", "Holy cow. A lot of hats! I just have one. My construction worker hat.", "Have you ever watched the olympics? I won a gold medal in 1992!", "Wow, really? I am not much into sports, except ufc but that's quite an accomplishment!", "Thank you so much! Do you have any other hobbies?", "Well, speaking of the nineties, I toured around following aerosmith. Love those guys.", "That sounds great, music is a nice way to relax!", "Best way since I started working at 16. What kind of tunes do you like?", "I mostly listen to electronic music, it helps me work and focus! You?", "Classic rock never goes out of style, man."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in New York.", "I want to become a physical therapist.", "I like playing basketball. I am a straight A's student."], "partner_persona": ["I live in North Carolina.", "I am looking for a restaurant job. I am willing to relocate.", "I have an older sister."], "current_conv": ["I just got back from a friend of mine. I told him earlier that knew someone looking for a restaurant job, and he says he knows of an opening for a line cook at a hotel here in Manhattan. Is that the kind of restaurant job you're looking for?", "Oh wow that was fast, thank you! Did he say if he had any positions available for my sister? I'd hate to leave her behind. ", "Probably, I could ask him. I think he is hiring for a few different positions. I'll send you his details later today. ", "That would be awesome, she's always wanted to see NY too! How did you basketball game go btw?", "I actually haven't played in a while becuase I've been studying for my exams. Hopefully I'll get a game at the weekend. ", "Oh sorry I thought you played every Friday, whoops! You better take your head out of the books and find some time to hang out with us when we get there!", "Yeah I definitely will! Have you ever visited NY before?", "Nope! Going to need someone to show us the ropes for sure. I hear people get robbed up there in broad daylight!", "It's not as bad as people say although there are parts I wouldn't visit alone at night. I'll need to give you and your sister the tour. ", "I can't wait! I've lived here all my life, it's time for a change. Growing up I always had dreams of living in the big city, I even used to draw pictures of it that mom would hang on the fridge.", "Well it is definitely a big city LOL You'll love it - we will have so much fun!", "Oh boy, well as long as my phone stays charged i'll have a map lol! Is it easy to get a license up there? I've never had one here but i'd love to learn and I hear the city is an easy place to get started. "], "history_conv": [["Hey there how are you?", "I'm good, how are you? Do you know of any good jobs around here?", "I'm good. Well depends on where you live", "I'm in north carolina. Where are you from?", "I am from new york. Do I get brownie points for that? Haha", "Maybe! Do they have restaurant jobs up there? I might relocate.", "Yes they do! There are alot of job openings here.", "My older sister tried to get me a job but there wasn't much here.", "I want to become a physical therapist too here.", "How did you get interested in doing that?", "From my father. He's a top batch therapist.", "Do you like to play basketball?", "No because I used to study a lot. I had straight as", "Nerd! Haha, just kidding. Who is your favorite music artist?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a competitive horse rider. I don't sing or dance.", "I am a sophomore in high school.", "My bedroom is purple and lime green.", "I am pro-vegan."], "partner_persona": ["I have ridden a horse.", "I run marathons. I have always been a vegetarian.", "I have cancer. I have just started a new job. I'm a life coach for hospitalized kids.", "My parents are dead. I had an aunt who died."], "current_conv": ["I was thinking about how you mentioned marathons. Do you ever do charity runs for cancer?", "Yes, I got sponsored from my employer last year and we as a group were able to raiser over $5K!", "Oh wow, that's so cool! I was thinking of organizing something like that at my school. Was it a lot of work to put together?", "Last year I worked at the Cleveland Clinic hospital so getting sponsorship around healthy related items is quite easy.  Now, that I change job and work for a small insurance company, I think I have more work to get a sponsor.  If you were to get something organized at your school, what would you want to raise money for?", "I was thinking maybe something to do with animals, possible a fund raiser for our local shelter. I think it could really help them out.", "Nice.  That is a worthy cause and one that I think your high school would support with open arms.  Speaking of animals, I know you an excellent horse rider, do you and your family own a horse farm?", "I wish! I do have my own horse, but we have to board him at a place close to our house. I see him everyday, though. He's a great friend and riding partner. Do you have any pets?", "I always wanted a horse when I was growing up but it was just too expensive for my family. Now, I have my super loving mini schnauzer to keep me happy.  Her name is Harper, she is all black, and just turned two years old.\u263a", "That's awesome! I have a cousin named Harper, lol! Animals are the best! ", "Hey, I heard there is a new vegan restaurant that opened up last month in Fremont.  Maybe we can met there for dinner one day after your riding practice?   I hear they have some killer vegan tacos!", "I'm down for that! I love checking out new places! Maybe you could pick me up from practice and that way you could meet my horse, maybe take a quick ride on him.", "Awesome, I would love that.  How does next Saturday afternoon sound to you?  Maybe around 1:00 P.M."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Have you ever ridden a horse?", "Yes! Its part of my cancer treatment. I started a new job. You?", "I've heard that cutting meat out of your diet helps with cancer", "I run marathons and never ate meat. You sing or dance?", "I don't. But I do ride horses competitively.", "I'm a life coach for hospitalized children. What else you do?", "I'm a sophomore in high school", "Great! Do your parents ride horses too? My parents are dead.", "They haven't recently because they were painting my bedroom purple and lime green", "Wow! We buried my aunt in lime green her favorite color.", "Sorry to hear about your aunt", "Thanks. She died a long time ago. She was a meat eater too.", "That makes me sad. Vegan is the way to be.", "Yes! Meat eaters are dropping like flies these days. Where do you ride?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a bank and i have finance  degree.", "I live  in  Washington.", "I also  love  hike.", "I like BMW."], "partner_persona": ["I am a engineer.", "I love to hike."], "current_conv": ["Hey do  you have any  plan about  hiking ?", "Well coming Summer I am planning to go to grand canyon as I hear a lot that hiking them is most hard, How's the weather in Washington now?", "It is getting warmer day by day now, what type of Engineer you are?", "I am a civil Engineer and like to construct unique buildings, a lot of finance involved as you may know well.", "Oh yeah! I know when builders comes to get the loans from the bank for constructions. ", "So you like the BMW, I know these are some luxury cars and expensive to maintain isn't it?", "Yeah you can say that as these are imported here and it makes sense to be expensive. which car you like?", "I like Covette as it has a sporty look and love to speed on highways sometime", "Yeah man it is really hard to control over the speed when you have a good car", "So which bank you mainly work for? is it a National or domestic bank?", "I work with more of Financial sector where we deal with the corporate only, its more or like a financial institution.", "that is nice so what's your big plans for the summer?"], "history_conv": [["Good morning. I just got to work.", "Me too I am an engineer, what do you do?", "I work with my parents at a bank with my finance degree.", "Oh nice, do you live in the rocky state, colorado, as well?", "Washington here! But planning to go back to business school in a few months.", "Washington is nice, I love hiking there in the spring.", "I hike as well. I pack the bmw and drive out to rainier often.", "That's nice, I need a new car, how is the bmw?", "It handles very well, and is very comfortable. You'd like it.", "Does it have heated seats, that is my favorite, we could go rock climbing sometime.", "It does have heated seats. Really nice in the winter. Let us do it!", "I'm down, when can you come visit?", "Shall we plan for next weekend? It is only like a 15 hour drive.", "That would be fun, friday or saturday?", "I'll be there saturday morning. We can go out the whole day.", "I'll bring the ropes and pulleys, you bring the snacks"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like  yellow  color.", "I love  music and aerosmith is my favorite band.", "I like  nascar racing and ufc.", "My favorite food is Mexican .", "I've been working since 16."], "partner_persona": ["I like  yellow  color.", "gymnastics is  my  favorite  sports.", "I like  swimming. I love  Italian  food and Mexican food.", "I am a music teacher. I teaches real music like radiohead.", "I like drama."], "current_conv": ["Lets  go  to  theater to  watch a drama . ", "Sure. Which drama did you have in mind?", "Do you want something contemporary, or historic (like Ibsen?) I hear there's a modern remake of \"Of Mice and Men\".", "No thanks. The movie Soul just came out last year. It's a movie made by Disney and Pixar. That movie is a nice drama around the life a music teacher. He likes playing his piano. I think we might both enjoy this.", "Is that the one where he dies and goes to a limbo-y, heaven-y type place? It seems a bit lighthearted for a drama.", "The drama part around this movie lies in the freedom of expression and the valuing of another individuals existence. The music teacher connecting with someone else and the ghost child's journey of self awareness.", "That does sound a bit dramatic. A bit existential for Pixar, no? All right, I'll go. Maybe we can grab some Mexican beforehad.", "Let's get rolled tacos and bring them into the theater while they are still warm. Theater food is expensive.", "I agree that theater food is expensive, but there's no reason not to eat in a restaurant ahead of time.  Plus I'd like, maybe, to eat something harder to bring in the theater, like carnitas.", "Carnitas are a legit vibe. Let's get extra guacamole with horchata because carbs aren't even a real thing.", "You certainly don't mean Gucamole WITH horchta...that would be disgusting ... surely you mean, \"guacamole and also get some horchata\"  PS I don't like horchata. Too rice-y. But YASS to the extra guacamole!!!", "That's exactly what I mean. We vibe so well together. "], "history_conv": [["Good evening, how are you?", "Hey, I like the color yellow a lot!", "That is great, I like yellow too. I paint houses as part of my construction work.", "I love gymnastics its my favorite to do as far as sports!", "I'm not big on sports. I like music though, aerosmith is my favorite band.", "Yeah, I workout at least flour hours a day to music", "Cool! Is nascar racing considered to be a sport? I like that, and ufc.", "No, I got a gold medal in swimming. I love italian food", "I like italian food as well. My favorite food is mexican though. I love it.", "Garlic bread is the best. I love mexican also", "Where do you work? I have been working since I was 16 years old.", "I am a music teacher", "That's lovely. Do you teach your students to play aerosmith?", "No, I cant stand aerosmith. I teach them real music like radiohead", "Aerosmith is a classic band. Radiohead, is alright too.", "I like dream on a lot"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in jail for juvenile delinquents. I will be released in November. Family visits me.", "I love country music.", "I have dogs at home.", "I work on cars in jail.", "I am 16. I used to work as a cashier."], "partner_persona": ["I have mutt dogs. I have a dog named Blue and another named biscuit.", "I go to concerts every weekend.", "I like to work on my two old mustangs."], "current_conv": ["Did you hear about the new country music concert that was just announced?", "Will you get out of juvi in time? When is the concert?", "Yes it is in Dec.  I am hoping my parents will let me go.  It is so close to where we live.  It is going to be in Austin.  Are you close enough to go?", "I live outside of Dallas. Not too bad of a drive for Texas. Who is performing?", "Keith Urban is one of them.  He is my favorite.  And Garth Brooks is going to make an appearance.  I'm so excited, but will be upset if I don't get to go.  Do you think you will go?", "I will look into it later! I will check to see if I am free for that performance. I have most of my concerts lined up from now until September with a few already scheduled up until Jan. Hey, I've often wondered something about Juvi.. Do they feed you good food?\\", "No it is terrible!  Last night it was some kind of stew, but tasted horrible.  For breakfast we had oatmeal with a few strawberries.  The only thing good about it is we can have all we want.  I've gained weight in here.", "I bet they offer a lot of carbs. What kind of foods are your favorite? I love just about anything", "When I get out of here I'm ordering a pizza with pepperoni!  In here, the meatloaf is not too bad.  Do you like Pizza?", "Oh Yes! There is a pizza joint near hear that makes fantastic thin crust. They have a great sauce, I think I could drink it if they would give it to me in a glass. My favorite toppings are bacon and olives. Both black and green olives. Will your welcome home meal be Pizza?", "That is what I'm hoping.  I just hope my parents get over being upset with me.  I'm here because my friend took us for a drive in his step mothers car without asking.  She reported it stolen and I hope they understand it wasn't my fault. But, I'm dreaming of pizza.  lol", "That is tough! Do they have therapists and support groups in there that you can access ?"], "history_conv": [["Hope your day is better than mine. I'm in jail for juvenile delinquents.", "Bet that makes you feel old. You need a couple of old mustangs like me", "Well I'll be released in november. Never shoplifting again! What do you do?", "I keep a couple of vintage mustangs on the road and play with my dogs", "Sounds cool. I feel vintage in this place. What kind of dogs do you have?", "Do you get visitors? Go to a country music concert when you get out", "Just family. I love country music. Have you been to any concerts lately?", "Every weekend I go, the dogs are mutts, blue and biscuit, I love them", "Awesome! Sounds fun! I miss my dogs at home.", "Stealing is bad, not as bad as getting caught. Can you work on cars there?", "Actually yes, we have an auto mechanics class. I have learned alot.", "What did you do before your little inconvenience?", "I'm only 16, so I just had a cashier job.", "I see, sometimes you mess up and the price is too high, right?", "Yes. Big mistake. Do you have any hobbies?", "I work on my two old mustangs, love country music and go to concerts"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am super high maintenance.", "I love to spend money everywhere.I spend money on tanning beds. I go to tanning beds. I don't spend a lot of money on hair products.", "I listen to Britney Spears.", "I like to drink smoothies.", "I have a boyfriend."], "partner_persona": ["I am super high maintenance.", "Hair care products are my favorite. I spend a lot of money.", "I have never used a tanning bed.", "I like to play video games, especially the xbox."], "current_conv": ["Tanning beds actually aren't bad for you if you don't overuse them. If you use them a moderate amount, you can actually protect yourself from being burned by the sun.", "Do you know a specific brand or a specific salon that is guaranteed super safe and effective? I would like to try it. Ohh and a smoothie sounds good after all those pampering!", "The one on 5th avenue is great ! There is also a smoothie bar nearby. What is your favorite flavor ?", "I love strawberry and banana! Have you been to a Britney Spears concert?? I don't really like crowds, I would rather stay in and play xbox! But I think experiencing a concert is gonna be awesome!", "Britney will come here in 4 months, I already bought my ticket, you should too if you want to go, they will be sold out soon. ", "Maybe its hard not to go if I'm with somebody. Do you mind if I tag along with you?", "No, I would like you to come with me. It will be fun. We could have matching hairstyles, do you have any idea ?", "Sure! That's great. Do you have a boyfriend? We can double date! For the hairstyle we can go for the classic 90s look updo! ", "No I don't have a boyfriend, I broke up with him, he did not like to spend money. ", "Ahh thats ok! We can go by ourselves! Enjoy the evening with our matching hairstyles! I'm excited!", "Yeah, but you should buy a ticket a soon as possible. Do you have enough money ? The tickets  are quite expensive.", "Yeah I have enough money! I work a lot because I spend a lot. What kind of tickets did you get so I can buy the same"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, did you know I am super high maintenance?", "Well considering I do not know you? No, but I am too", "Well yeah, I love to go around spending money everywhere", "I spend the most money, on hair care products honestly, my favorite", "I don not really spend it on hair, I spend it on tanning beds", "I really want to try that once, I heard its bad for you", "Yeah I listen to brittney spears while tanning.", "Go figure. What do you do for fun", "Spend cash, go shopping, drink smoothies", "Ha, wow, sounds pretty irresponsible.", "No it is totally cool, haters going to hate", "Not really, I am all for it. After you do what your supposed to", "Yeah you bet, what do you like to do for fun?", "I play a lot of video games, especially the xbox", "Wow, you must be super popular like my boyfriend", "Video games do not make any one popular, more the opposite"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have online dance class.", "I avoid vanilla ice cream.", "I have to climb ladders at the bookstore.", "My dog and I have competition.", "I studied Chemistry.", "I have snake. My least favorite color is orange.", "I collect only grudges."], "partner_persona": ["I used to have diet.", "I won gold medal in Olympics.", "I have two cats.", "I have collect over 1000 hats."], "current_conv": ["Wow. That's too nice. What type of hats do you collect?", "I collect military hats. Are you patriotic?", "Yes. I love this country even though I may not necessarily agree with everything the government does. ", "I am veryn proud of my hat collection. It took me many years to collect them all. Do you have many hats?", "I have a few baseball caps that I like but I do not have many hats. ", "Are the MLB caps? What is your favorite team?", "I have a couple but I don't know much about MLB. I like the Dodgers but I am a casual fan.", "The Dodger won the world series last year. Good team to root for.", "Yes I am happy they won. I'm from LA but I don't know much about baseball. I know more about basketball. ", "Do you sell many spoerts books at your bookstore?"], "history_conv": [["Hello out there, just taking a break online after my dance class", "Nice, I am just enjoying some vanilla ice cream", "I've to avoid it so I don t become fat", "Surely a little bit wouldn't hurt!", "I've to climb ladders at the bookstore where I work, so no fatties!", "I used to have to diet as I was an athlete", "Me and my dog compete in competitions so have to be fit", "I won a gold medal in the olympics back in the 90s", "Very impressive. You were a hero when I was studying chemistry!", "You have a dog? I have 2 cats", "A snake. Ohhh cnn just had trump on tv, he s so orange, my least favorite color", "Haha, very true, do you collect anything?", "Only grudges! How about you?", "I collect hats, I've over 1000!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have one child in middle school.", "I love horror movies.", "I used to work in human services.", "I dislike the government.", "My father worked at home depot. My dad built my shed."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have kids.", "I am a surgeon. My husband is a detective.", "I am happily married."], "current_conv": ["There is a horror film festival this weekend, would you and your husband like to come with us?", "I would love to! Is it nearby?", "Yes! It would be on the weekend. Do you think you can spend the day off, I know you're busy in the hospital.", "I think I could grab some time off. It's been awhile since I've been off, so they owe me some. Is it the whole weekend?", "Yeah, Saturday and Sunday! We can all go either days and maybe have a drink in our newly renovated shed afterwards and just chill.", "All of that sounds great to me. When did you finish up the shed?", "Last week, I just tried helping out my dad. He designed and mostly did the work. I have to take care of my kid so I didn't really have much time to help out. Do you think your husband can make it as well?", "I don't seen why not. He doesn't work on the weekends, so he should be free. I think he'll be happy to get out of the house!", "I'm really looking forward to it! Most of the horror movies I've seen there's always a detective involve, I might ask him some questions. This would be a good time off for all of us. By the way, is it your wedding anniversary soon?", "It's late summer, so not right away, but also not far off. We were thinking of planning a getaway, but we've been so busy that we haven't finalized it yet.", "A quick getaway is not so bad. You're going to be more busy when you have kids! ", "Yes, that much is for sure. We're finally starting to settle down, though, and I think that is not too far off!"], "history_conv": [["Do you have any kids? I've one in middle school.", "I don't. My husband and I've chosen to not have any.", "Probably a smart decision, too many people on the planet.", "I'm a surgeon, he's a detective.", "I love horror movies. I bet your marriage is like one.", "No, it isn't. We have a great life.", "I used to work in human services, I heard it all the time.", "Human services is evil, they make up asinine rules.", "So is the government but I do not see them being approached.", "That is your opinion, and one you are entitled too", "I believe you were looking to use to instead of too.", "It does not matter, as you know what I was saying. Lighten up.", "My dad worked at home depot. I do not know how.", "That hasn'thing to do with you.", "It built character. And my shed.", "How was that possible since it was your dad who worked there, not you."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I beat cancer.", "I have children and grandchildren.", "I am retired. I worked in finance.", "I love music.", "I saw Bruce Springsteen."], "partner_persona": ["I only eat raw food.", "I am married. I have 2 children.", "I study economics.", "I love the Rolling Stones. I see the Rolling Stones once per year at least."], "current_conv": ["I seen the Rolling Stones have announced a new tour recently, I'm going to book tickets.", "That sounds amazing. I am not a huge fan but would love to go to a concert soon.", "Oh really? I could have sworn you said you've been to a few concerts. I was going to grab you some tickets too. Ah well though. How have your kids been?", "My mistake, I did say that. I am tired from taking the kids to all their activities and going to school. Ecomonics is a hard topic to study. How do you like your finance job?", "Haha, I get it...They run you ragged sometimes. I remember how little sleep I got when I first had mine. It paid the bills and gave me something to do, I'm happy to be retired now though. ", "I look forward to retirement one day. I like the idea of getting to hang out with future grandchildren. Just hope my health is good enough by then to really enjoy it. Sorry to hear about your cancer. I am glad you beat it. ", "That was a process. Life is crazy when you look back at it sometimes. Made me pretty tired, but I'm just happy to be on the other side and to have got the support I did.", "I am so happy to hear that. Now you have all the free time to spend with your grandchildren, and going to concerts you love. Silver lining right.", "Yeah I can't complain. I'm happy with where I'm at, I wouldn't change how anything happened. ", "That is good to hear. Do you have any tips on how to succeed in finance?", "Working for a living is a marathon not a sprint. Just show up and do your job, put in a decent amount of effort, but don't burn yourself out", "That makes sense. I see a lot of people burn themselves out. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you today?", "I am feeling healthy and ready to go! How about you?", "Same! I'm feeling healthy and stronger than ever. Cancer couldn't beat me!", "Are you a survivor? That's amazing!", "I am, thank you so much! It gave me a whole new outlook on life.", "I am sure! That's why I only eat raw foods.", "How do you like it? I have been looking for newer, healthier ways of eating.", "I love it. So do my two kids and wife!", "Excellent! I want to get my whole family on board, kids and grandchildren too.", "Plus, as an economics major, I can assure you that it makes financial sense too!", "You study economics? How interesting! I worked in finance until retirement.", "Amazing! Do you like music?", "I love music! I'm pretty eclectic, I like a little of everything. What are you into?", "I love the rolling stones. I see them at least once per year.", "Nice! I've not seen them yet, but I want to. I saw bruce springsteen recently.", "He's great too! Do you live in nj?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["Green is my favourite color.", "I love cats and dogs. I have 1 cat and 1 dog.", "I enjoy parties."], "partner_persona": ["I have a boyfriend. I have moved into a new apartment.", "Silver and red are my favourite colors.", "I teach 3rd grade.", "I can speak 3 languages fluently, English, French and Spanish."], "current_conv": ["My friend is hosting a rooftop party next weekend, you are welcome to come along. It will be great fun!", "That sounds like fun!  Should I bring anything?  Food?  Beverages?", "Bring your own alcohol if you want to drink!  We've got mixers and snacks, but you're welcome to add to them too if you'd like.  You can bring your boyfriend too!", "Thanks so much for the invite!  We will be there!  How many people will be attending?", "I'm thinking it'll be around 20 people.  It really depends on who shows up since we are inviting a few more than that who probably won't come.  It's gonna be a blast!", "The weather will be great too!  Oh this will be fun!  Hey, how are your dog and cat doing?  I haven't asked about them in a while.", "They've been doing very well!  I just got a new leash for my dog that's longer and more flexible and he loves it when we go on walks!  How has your new apartment been?", "I love my new apartment!  It gets such great natural light which is fabulous.  However, I am not the best when it comes to decorating, so I'm having a bit of a hard time making the space my own...if that makes sense.  ", "Yeah, that makes perfect sense to me.  I think that's a common thing with new places.  They look clean and sharp, but also a bit sterile.  It will take some time to make it feel more like a home.", "I guess it just gives me more of an excuse to shop!  Haha!  How long have you lived in your place?", "Haha, that's true! We've been here for 5 years now and it's just starting to feel like a home.  I think having pets helps, have you thought about getting a dog or a cat?", "I actually have been considering getting a cat!  I've always loved cats, and since they can be somewhat independent, I think they would be great for apartment living.  Did you get your cat from a shelter or from a pet store?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you?", "Hi. Good. I am just picking out paint for my new apartment with my boyfriend.", "Sounds like a good way to end the weekend", "Yeah. He won't go for red even though I love it. What is your favorite color?", "I like green but red would be nice also", "Green is okay. Silver is my other favorite.", "Are you a cat or dog person?", "Neither really. I already have 25 3rd grade students in the class I teach.", "Oh wow that's alot, I'm both a dog and a cat", "Do have a bunch of them?", "Nope just 1 cat and 1 dog, not that crazy animal guy lol", "I'm a bit of a language buff. I'm fluent in three languages.", "Which three languages are you fluent in?", "English, french, and spanish. Do you speak any other languages?", "No I do not, but I enjoy a good party", "Parties are a lot of fun! Do you have other hobbies?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run marathons.", "I love eating fish and healthy foods.", "I love swimming.", "I am a cancer survivor. I am a life coach."], "partner_persona": ["I like to fish and cook my catches.", "I love being on water.", "I like comic books and heroes."], "current_conv": ["I found a stash of the comics I read whilst in hospital, I'm going to re-read them thanks to you!", "Sorry to hear you were in the hospital. Glad to know at least you will have something fun to do during your downtime. Read comics while on the open water is the best though. I would highly recommend it next time you can.", "Yeah, you know even though it was a rough time, I sort of remember it fondly because of all the comics. I think I'll start reading them more. They're just so much fun. Have you done any sailing or anything recently ?", "I did. I was on the water last week. I ended up catching some great trout. I couldn't wait to get home and cook them up. What type of fish do you like to eat?", "I like them all basically. Salmon is a great and reliable. But I like just about anything. Any recommendations ?", "The rainbow trough is, especially, good but can sometimes be a pain to find. I try to eat healthy because I want to start running soon. Have you run any marathons lately?", "Not for a few months. I'm training right now for a new one. My time is close to the last one but it's rough getting there. ", "I am sure. Running seems fun, but difficult when you are trying to train for longer distances. Is there any recommended training I should be doing to prepare myself.", "Just be realistic with yourself. You're not going to go from not running to running a 5 minute mile. Running a mile at first is a big accomplishment, even if it's 10 minutes or something. ", "I understand that completely. I love celebrating the small wins. I have been feeling stressed lately, so I figured running would be a good outlet. As a life coach, what advice do you give your clients when they are stressed.", "It's a great outlet for stress. Nothing makes me feel more calm and ready to take on a challenge than a workout. The best thing you can do is find a good outlet for stress and mix that in with your daily life. ", "That is some good advice. I do feel calm and more focused when I exercise. There are also the amazing health benefits too. Is it harder to run now, after beating cancer?  I am sure that takes a huge toll on the body."], "history_conv": [["Hello, there! Having a good day?", "Hello! I'm having an okay day. How about you?", "I'm a bit tired. I have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening", "Oh wow. I don't run much. How is that?", "It is tough but keeps me healthy. What are you into?", "I really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches.", "That's awesome. I love eating fish and anything clean and healthy.", "I do as well. I also enjoy being on the water in any capacity.", "I love water too. Especially swimming. It is a fun way to exercise.", "For sure. I am also really into comic books and heros.", "Oh those are always fun. I used to read many comics during my hospitalizations.", "Oh my, what were you in the hospital for?", "I am actually a cancer survivor which is why I decided to become a life coach", "Oh wow. Congratulations on your recovery.", "Thank you so much. I appreciate it.", "What do you do as a life coach?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have children and grandchildren.", "I am retired."], "partner_persona": ["I compete in bike races.", "I am a waiter.", "I have a red bike."], "current_conv": ["Are you part of a team that compete in bike races or do you compete individually?", "I compete individually I started doing it as a teenager. How many grandchildren do you have?", "I have four currently with another on the way. It is such a joy to be able to spend time with them. They are all so sweet.", "That's great to hear! By any chance, if one of them is interested in learning to ride bikes I would be happy to teach them.", "I have a grandson who is getting to the age where he is taking the training wheels off and I think he would love that. He's a wild one, so I bet he'd love to learn.", "Start them young! I can start teaching him as soon as he's out of training wheels. I hope I can meet your other grandchildren as well, you can bring them to the cafe I'm working at as a waiter. I would love to treat them to some hot choco.", "I will bring them by the next time they stay over at my house for the weekend. They love getting out and about and meeting new people.", "That's great!! Let me know the next time they are over. What did you do after retirement?", "For a while I just relaxed and got used to not working and spent a lot of time with family. I'm starting to think about new hobbies and getting into traveling now though. I just don't want to get bored.", "Yeah its the time to relax and unwind. You remember me of my grandad, I should visit him soon and show him my red bike. I have a competition next time, and I want to invite you.", "I would love to come! Just tell me when and where and I will be there!", "I am super excited! I'll invite my grandad too. Maybe you guys can get along. He's also retired."], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon. I hope you are well and healthy.", "I am. Just thinking about taking my bike out for a spin", "That sounds lovely. Are you an athlete?", "Not really. I do race my bike though.", "Wow. I wish my grandchildren were interested in something similar. But they like smartphones.", "That seems to be the thing now. So expensive too", "True. And I've come to know a great life does not come from expensive things.", "So tre. I just wish I didn't have to wait tables to get extra money.", "Its all tedious at first dear, but I know it will get better for you.", "I guess it just really want to be out on my red bike.", "Sounds like a true joy. I'm retired now, so you are inspiring me to try that.", "Awesome. Maybe we could go out riding together.", "I would love that. Life is too short to miss out on making new friends.", "I have to go, talk to you later."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Canada.", "I love to eat shawarma.", "I am a world war veteran. My grandfather is a world war veteran.", "I used to play the wood blocks.", "I can sing. I flunked high school.", "I was really good at throwing grenades.", "I live near a school with a very tolerant attitude to weapons."], "partner_persona": ["I don't eat shawarma.", "I play the piano. I play the guitar. I like to sing folk songs. My goal is to be rich and famous.", "I like explosions. I work as a school cleaner."], "current_conv": ["Say, can you play Semper Fidelis on the piano? I learned to play it on the wood blocks when I served!", "I can!  We should play it together some time!  I bet it would sound amazing!  What other things did you learn how to do when you served?", "I learned how to shoot guns and kill people from a long distance! I was a sniper! I think it would be great to play music together! What kind of folk songs could we play together?", "I've always liked playing Hallelujah...do you know that song?  ", "Yes, I love the version by that one guy... I could do a nice rendition of Hallelujah on the wood blocks I bet. What is that guy's name? Jeff something?", "Yes, Jeff Buckley.  Do you know the words?  I'd love to hear you sing along!", "I love to sing. You can play the piano and I'll sing. Or should we duet? I'm looking forward to this!", "A duet would be fun!  Although I'm sure your voice is better than mine haha!  But I'll certainly try my hardest!  Are you free this weekend?", "Yes, we should grab lunch and then meet at your house to work on our songs. We could take this show on the road!", "Perfect plan!  What type of food do you like to eat?  ", "Well you know I love shawarma, but I love all middle eastern food. What about you? You pick! You're hosting this jam session at your house so you can choose the food!", "I've never had shawarma, but I'd be open to trying it!  I'm always up to try new things!  I'm so excited for our get-together!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, currently residing in canada, on the run. How are you?", "I am okay. Tired from cleaning all day.", "Do you eat shawarma while you clean? That's my fav food.", "No, but I do sing folk songs to make work go easier.", "Singing and cleaning. My grandpa and I served in the world war.", "Together? That's interesting. Do either of you play any instruments?", "Ya it was a great experience. Used to play wood blocks, you?", "I tickle the ivories, strum on the guitar, and sing. I want to be rich and famous.", "I am good at the sing instrument. I failed out of high school though.", "Well, you made it through a world war, so you must have been smart enough.", "I did ok. Was really good at chucking grenades.", "I like explosions. But they do not let me use grenades while I clean the school.", "That seems odd. My local school allows most weapons and explosives.", "Maybe I should relocate. Your place sounds like more fun.", "Ya a lot of brilliant people graduate from there. Maybe that is why I didn't.", "Just keep a song in your heart, and your head held high. We will get through."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Ali.", "I lived in Manhattan. My parents are bankers.", "I went to Yale. I have been in college for awhile. I'm going to college and live in a dorm. My major is Finance.", "I have long hair."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Tanya.", "I eat when bored.", "I own exercise machines.", "I have 2 dogs.", "I dont know about money."], "current_conv": ["Hi Tanya, did you get used to your haircut yet?", "Not really as I long my long hair just like you, so How is it to live in Manhattan?", "Well I would say it is bit of Expensive but my parents can afford, I love to have pets but have not much space.", "You may need to move to a bigger hour for having dogs, how long is remaining for your college?", "I am in final year and will pass out next year, so what kind of dogs you have?", "I have two poodles and they are adorable, so whats the big plans after passing out?", "Well keeping my field in practice and become a Stock Trader in NASDAQ, and can teach you some about the money.", "That is so nice of you for the offer, as I am trying to loose some weight as well.", "yeah so what type of exercise machine you have?", "Well its a multi-training module and help me a lot to loose calories.", "So why you get bored that makes you eat more, won't you have more activites to do?", "Well the days are very long and I live alone so most of the time its very boring."], "history_conv": [["Hi there, my name is ali.", "Good evening ali. Tanya here.", "Hey tanya. I went to school with a girl named tanya back when I was at yale.", "Cool. I have been so bored, so of course I eat!", "Oh I understand that. I grew up with some of the best food back in manhattan.", "Yum. Good thing I enjoy using the rowing machine and treadmill.", "So did I! My parents had all kinds of equipment thanks to their banking job.", "That's great. Any pets? I have a german shepherd and a schnauzer.", "Unfortunately no. The dorms at business school doesn't allow them.", "Do you long hair or short? I just tried a short haircut.", "Long hair all the way. Although short hair may look more professional.", "I've to get used to this. So any hobbies?", "I love being in the stock market. I guess that's why I am going to finance.", "That's your major? That will be great to know about money.", "Well I already have one degree, but I'm going back to business school for another.", "Go education!! Well, take care and good luck with your classes."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I no longer drink alcohol.", "I live in the city. I used to live on a farm.", "I was an alcoholic.  I dont have a job.  I am 45 years old.", "I dont have hobbies.  I am funny. I like fun jobs."], "partner_persona": ["I have kids.  I like football.", "I live in Florida.", "I have a job in technology.", "I like comedians.", "I have dogs. I like to walk my dogs."], "current_conv": ["Hey how are you and your kids doing?  Howd the game end?", "Florida won! Thank goodness. My kids are great. My oldest son is playing football now!", "Hi!  You must be so proud!  Remind me again.  Do you support University of Florida or Florida State University?", "The University of Florida. Go Gators! What about you? Are you fan of football? Who do you root for?", "Haha there's a saying here that Gators wear Jorts (jean shorts)!  I'm a fan of football, but English football.  Soccer.  I support Tottenham Hotspur!", "Oh that's cool, I don't know anything about soccer. I mean football! Is Tottenham Hotspur a good team. And by the way we DO NOT wear jorts! Hahaha!", "I mean...if I *had* to pick an American football team to cheer for, it would be UGA. GO DAWGS!  Fitting since I'm a farm boy from Georgia.  How's your weather down south today?  It's crazy humid here.", "It's humid here too, as always! How does a farm boy from Georgia become a fan of Tottenham Hotspur?", "Keen observation, my friend!  Self loathing perhaps?  Haha!  Truth be told...I think the name is fun to say :)  So where did you take the dogs on your walk earlier?", "We got up a five a.m. and took a 3 mile jaunt all around our neighborhood. It was great exercise and a great way to start the day! How did your day start today?", "You're shaming us mortals with that routine!  I rolled out of bed, grabbed a cup of coffee, and watched the goats frolic while the sun came up.  Are you working today? ", "Nope I've got the day off! I got up super early, but I have to admit that I will probably take a nap. Tell me more about these goats!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Hey! Just watching a game of football with my children. You?", "That's cool! I am an alcoholic who is recovering", "Ah man congrats for trying to get back on the road!", "Yeah, I live in the city now so its hard", "Ah I live in florida man, I feel you. The city is full of temptations.", "Yeah it really is tempting! I used to live on a farm though", "Do you have a job currently? I'm a programmer for a game company.", "I want to but I'm a male 45 year old who was an alcoholic", "It must be hard making a living, I feel sorry for you pal.", "It is ok! I'll hopefully get better", "Do you have any hobbies?", "Yeah I like to count the freckles on my foot", "Haha you are a funny guy! Maybe you should be a stand up comedian!", "Thank you! That would be really fun", "Anyways man I gotta go walk my dogs soon, it was nice chatting with you!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a student. I study languages. I am almost fluent in Spanish. I am going to study French soon.", "I would like to travel.", "I play drums in a band on weekends."], "partner_persona": ["I have a degree from Yale. My degree is in finance. I'm going back to school to study business.", "My parents are wealthy bankers.", "I would like to travel. My parents make me work for things.", "I don't have much time for fun.", "I just bought my first car: a 2000 BMW."], "current_conv": ["I just had a rehearsal with my band. If you ever want to hear me play, let me know and I'll get you into one of our shows.", "It would be awesome to go to one of your shows! Do you have anything coming up?", "I have a show 2 weeks from now. I can leave tickets at the door for you if you have time to come by. I know you are very busy since you are going back to school.", "Okay, cool! How long do your band's shows usually last?  I just want to stay organized and plan out my schedule around it.", "Our set is usually an hour long. I get it can be hard to stay organized. I am in school also, so I really have to keep my time managed. Are you happy to be going back to school?.", "Nice, one hour seems like the perfect length.  I've been very happy with the decision to return.  I think it'll really open up some new job opportunities with more management responsibilities.  I feel like finance is so impersonal and isolated nowadays and I love the idea of managing people.", "That sounds amazing! Will you be returning to Yale, or do you have another school in mind?", "Probably not Yale, I'd like to stay closer to home this time, especially since I want to try and continue working while I attend.", "That makes a lot of sense. You will save so much money by staying close to home and continuing to work, especially since you just brought a new car. How do you like the new car? ", "The new car has been wonderful! It's got such a smooth but powerful ride!  Have you ever driven a BMW?  If not, you need to experience it sometime.  They've got a heavenly road feel.", "I am sure. I have not had the chance to drive one. I can't wait to buy my first car as traveling is at the top of my list of things to do. I would love nothing more than to take a cross country road trip and than expand internationally. I have to put all these languages I am learning to good use you know.", "An international trip would be a great way to use your language skills.  Maybe you can start in Germany, rent a BMW, and drive through France into Spain?  I'd love to travel like that sometime in the future when I've got more spare time."], "history_conv": [["Hi, want to get to know each other?", "Sure! What do you do for a living?", "I'm a student. I study languages, you?", "I'm a student also, I have a degree from yale but I'm going back soon.", "Wow, what is your degree in?", "Finance, I am going back for business next.", "Ambitious. I am just about fluent in spanish. I am starting french soon.", "Wow that is awesome! Thanks, my parents inspired me. They're rich bankers.", "Rich is probably nice. I would like more money for travel", "Me too. They make me work for everything I have.", "That's for the best. What do you do for fun?", "Not much really. I stay pretty busy. You?", "Well I try to. I play in a band on weekends", "That is nice! Which instrument? I just bought my first car.", "I play the drums. Like lane kim. What kind of car", "Never heard of him. A 2000 bmw. Its not much but I'm proud."]]}
{"your_persona": ["Donuts are my favorite food.", "I like to action roleplaying events. I like to play call of duty. I love playing fallout.", "I drive a ford pinto."], "partner_persona": ["Fries are my favorite food.", "I love to try new restaurants and dance for fun.", "I am a kindergarten teacher. I like to paint.", "I went to college.", "I am very familiar with fallout. I used to play fallout. ", "I have a maclaren. I like that car.", "I am dating someone who I am about to marry."], "current_conv": ["Have you played any other video games recently? ", "I have been.  Just the other day I started playing \"Kingdom Come: Deliverance.\"  Have you heard of it?", "I haven't! I'm still obsessed with Call of Duty. Maybe that one could be my next video game. ", "It's a little bit like Skyrim if it were set in the actual Middle Ages and no magic.  Since you like Fallout, I think you will like it.  I wish I was better at COD, but I just die so fast!", "Haha that used to be me in COD, until I started playing daily and getting good. I'll give that game a try! Is gaming one of your favourite things to do?", "I don't always have time, but I do enjoy it when I can.  I guess I'm just so focused on my boyfriend.  Do you have a significant other and is it serious?", "I guess you're a teacher too, so not a lot of time off. Yes! My husband and I are about to celebrate our one year anniversary! Going to New York. When are you planning on getting married?", "Congratulations!  I bet you will have so much fun!  We are going to get married in July, but it's going to be a small event. We wanted to make sure we could still enjoy our vacation, but not take off any work.", "Wow that's coming up fast, how exciting! Summer weddings are my favourite since they're so pretty. How did you meet your boyfriend?", "There was a festival downtown a couple years ago.  He saw my car and asked me about it.  Then we spent the rest of the time together.  We really hit it off. How about your husband?", "How romantic!! That's a good first meeting story. My husband and I met at the dog park. Our golden labs used to play together and I always thought he was cute. He eventually asked me for my number and we hit it off!", "Awwww.  That is a beautiful story. We could write a book \"Dogs and Cars: How we met our husbands!\"  Is your husband into roleplaying like you are?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, what is your favorite food? Mine is donuts.", "Hello, I love fries, and am getting married soon.", "That's exciting! What do you like to do for fun?", "I love to try new restaurants and dance.", "Cool! During the weekends, I like to do live action roleplaying events.", "I am a kindergarten teacher, I look up new painting techniques on the weekends", "That sounds like fun. I play a ridiculous amount of call of duty.", "I used to play a lot of fallout when I was in college.", "Oh man, I love fallout. Was just playing new vegas earlier.", "Dogmeat is awesome. I'd love to go to an elvis school", "An elvis school? What is that?", "It is one of the areas in fallout.", "Oh good lord, I am too tired. What kind of car do you drive?", "I have a maclaren, it is awesome.", "Radical! Mine is a ford pinto.", "My boyfriend bought it for me as a wedding gift."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 8 years old. I like Mickey Mouse. I like the playground. I have a lot of friends.", "I like Frozen songs.", "I like third grade."], "partner_persona": ["I am 20 years old.", "I like cartman. ", "I like to shop for shoes and watches. I like playground.", "I am a watch dealer. I do not go to school. My family does not like my job.", "I had fun in third grade.", "I like the swing sets."], "current_conv": ["What is the last watch you bought?", "a vintage Bulova Valjoux 23. That is an old model of watch from a famous maker. It's not made any more. What a beauty! I was really luck to get it. How's third grade treating you this week?", "That sounds like an expensive watch? How much was it? School is OK. Recess is my favorite part!", "It wasn't too bad, about $750, and in moderately good condition. What do you play at recess? I hope kids still like to play outside and not just be on screens. I had so much fun at recess when I was in 3rd grade.", "That is a lot of money! I only get $25 a week for allowance from my parents. We do play outside on the playground and on the blacktop. I like going on the swings and playing kickball and basketball.", "I liked kickball A LOT at your age. Wow, $25 a week!!!!!!!!! I only got $1/week at that age. Wow. What do you do with your allowance, generally! ", "Only a dollar? I could only buy one candy bar with that. My parents make me save $10 of it, and I buy snacks and drinks from the school vending machine with the rest.", "If you don't mind advice, I'd save more of it. Either long term for important things like college, or even for toys or video games or whatever -- soda and snacks are a waste.", "Is buying soda and snacks really a waste? I like them, though. Maybe I'll save money for when we go to Disney World this summer. I can't wait to meet Mickey and Minnie Mouse!", "Wow, Disney world! You'll have so much fun!", "I hope so! Have you ever been there?", "No, I've never had a chance. What rides to you want to go on?"], "history_conv": [["Hello I am 8 years old how old are you?", "Hi, I am 20. Nice to meet you.", "I love mackey mouse. What is your favorite character?", "I like cartman. My favorite thing is shopping.", "I meant mickey. Cool I've a lot of friends and love the playground. Do you?", "Sounds fun, yes I do! Shoes and watches are my favorites to shop for.", "Frozen songs are the best what songs are your favorite?", "Do you want to build a snowman!", "Oh gosh of course! Do you go to school?", "No, I'm just a watch dealer. My family do not like it", "Third grade has been awesome. Oh no that stinks.", "Third grade was so fun! Good for you.", "Do you like mickey mouse?", "I would like him more if he got me a rolls royce ghost", "That would be cool. What is your favorite toy on the playground?", "I like to swing on the swing sets. How about you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going to Paris. I have been to Spain. I like cooking paella.", "I study art and dance at julliard.", "I love animals. I have a roommate with a chihuahua. I have a lab pit bull."], "partner_persona": ["I drink coffee.", "I like Star Wars.", "I have visited the Louvre. I have been to Helsinki.", "I like Ohio State, I am from Ohio.", "I go to veterinary school.", "I have a beagle."], "current_conv": ["What brand of coffee do you drink?", "Nothing special, usually the cheaper stuff at the supermarket. I do appreciate the better coffee products, but I'd rather not spend the cash", "That's reasonable. Maybe have one in a good coffee shop when you're travelling, I'll be travelling to Paris soon, how was your experience with Louvre?", "Lot's of good coffee in that City. I was mostly awed by the building, itself. What a space to be in!. It was great to see many of the old Masters, but I especially liked the Egypt collection. What are you going to Paris for?", "Wow! I'm super excited! I'm going there for a school trip. What better way to learn but to go and see it myself! My trip to Spain was awesome, but Paris has a different vibe that I want to experience. Are you not busy with school? I'm surprise you get to travel a lot.", "Yes school is very consuming, but only another 8 months to get working. I haven't really travelled alot. I went to Europe once with a friend and that's about it. The dog keeps me from straying too far", "I know how that feels! That's not too far from graduation. My lab pit bull is very clingy. What kind of dog do you have?", "I have a beagle, about 3 years. She is lots of fun and so well behaved. Are you still living with two dogs in the house?"], "history_conv": [["Good day, how are you?", "Hello, I'm doing well. I think I may have had too much coffee. You?", "I'm good, taking a break from my assignments before heading to europe.", "I went to a star wars convention in helsinki. Are you going there?", "That sounds fun, I'm actually go to visit the louvre in paris.", "That is a nice museum, I visited last summer, before football season.", "I went to spain then, learned I love cooking paella. What team are you for?", "I'm with ohio state. Born and raised in ohio", "Awesome. What do you do for a living", "I'm a student, going to school for veterinary medicine.", "I am a art major at julliard with a minor in dance.", "Very nice. Do you like animals?", "I love them. There's a dog on my bed right now.", "Mine too, a beagle. What do you have?", "She's my roommates dog, but a chihuahua. I've a lab pit mix.", "How tiny! Do you like coffee?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drink wine every night.", "I coach Little League baseball. I coach the 4-6 age group.", "I have 5 sons and a husband. My five children are 16, 14, 8, 5 and 5. My two youngest boys are twins. I like having teenaged kids.", "I drive a minivan.", "I drink a lot of coffee."], "partner_persona": ["I like to sew.", "I have four grandchildren. My grandchildren are 10, 12, 15 and 17. I have a grandson who plays baseball.", "I am retired. I enjoy my retirement. I have survived cancer."], "current_conv": ["One of my twins hit his first homer today - not bad for a 5 year old! I was so proud.", "That's exciting! Does the other twin play baseball as well?", "The other twin likes watching the other because they are really inseparable. They have a really strong bond. So, his sport is caring.", "That's really cute to hear! One of my grandsons plays baseball as well.", "What is your grandsons baseball team name?", "He plays for a team called the Wildcats. How did you get in to coaching?", "The previous coach was the father of another player and my best friend. I now am in charge of the team to help bring things into a natural calmness like before when he was here. Things seems to be going well.", "I'm glad things seem to be going well. What is your baseball team's name?", "Our baseball team name is Pirates. The children like the idea of doing what they want so as a team we decided that the name will be of people with the most freedom and that happened to be a pirate.", "That's an interesting philosophy for the naming of a team. Do you plan on having any more children?", "I don't plan on having any more children. I wanna focus on the kids I have right now.", "That's a noble sentiment. I have my hands full with my grandchildren regularly."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Finishing up my nightly glass of wine, what are you drinking?", "I've coffee. Up late sewing. You?", "Looking over the little league roster. I've to coach in the morning.", "Oh! My grandson is in little league. What age group?", "I have the babies. 4 6. They're adorable. I have five boys.", "That sounds great! Do you ever go so pro league games with them?", "I try not too. I am a mini van mom, that's their dads job", "Lol. I get it. I am retired, and I leave that to my kids!", "I wish I was retired! I live on coffee in the day.", "It is great, especially once I beat the cancer.", "Very nice to hear. Congratulations!", "Thanks! So how old are your kids?", "16, 14, 8, 5, 5. The youngest are twins.", "Wow! That's nice. My kids are grown. Grandkids are 10, 12, 15, 17.", "Those are the fun ages. I like the teens, even though they come with drama", "Yes, and I can send them home if they act up!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to color.", "My husband was adopted.", "I listen to underground rap.  I live in a rural area.", "I used to have a lite brite. I used to have an easy bake oven.", "I like nachos and chili cheese fries. I have high metabolism."], "partner_persona": ["I like to listen to New Kids On The Block.", "I am involved in a dance class. I like hip hop.", "I was born in the early 80s.", "I have a lite brite.", "I like cereal. I like Raisin Bran."], "current_conv": ["Have you always been a fan of New Kids On the Block?", "Yes I have! I've listened to NKOTB since the early 1990s. I love their songs \"Hangin' Tough\" and \"Step by Step\". Do you like New Kids on the Block?", "They are ok, I would rather listen to underground rap. Do you like it?", "I do like rap, but I don't know much about underground rap. In my dance class, we do a routine set to \"Bad and Boujee\" by Migos. Which underground rappers do you listen to?", "I like J Dilla. I've been listening to him for awhile now. I just had chilli cheese fries. They are awesome.", "I'll give J Dilla a listen on YouTube later. Chili cheese fries sound yummy. My favorite type of French fries are disco fries with mozzarella cheese and gravy.", "Wow, fries with gravy are really popular around here too. I thought it was just a local thing. Do you make them yourself or do you get them from a restaurant?", "I like to get them from the local diner. My dance class goes there every Friday evening after class. ", "That sounds fun. I like cereal also. How often do you eat it?", "I eat Raisin Bran and a banana every morning. Sometimes, I have cereal as a late-night snack, too. What's your favorite cereal?", "My favorite is Honeycombs. I have them a couple times a week. So do you still play with your lite brite?", "I haven't played with my Lite Brite since I was about 10. It's still up in my attic gathering dust. I have good memories of it, though."], "history_conv": [["Hello there! How are you doing today?", "Just jamming out to some new kids on the block!!", "Oh my! I'm just enjoying a new coloring book after a hectic evening.", "How sweet!! I need to get my dance gear ready for my class tomorrow night!", "My husband found out he was adopted earlier... Wouldn't necessarily call it sweet.", "Now that's heavy stuff! Being born in the early eighties myself, I suppose anything is possible.", "It definitely came as a shock. So, you are a dancer?", "Big time! I love hip hop! And you?", "We listen to a lot of underground rap. Not too popular in our rural farm community.", "Ha! I love that randomness! So, I was cleaning out closets and found my lite brite!", "Lol. I had one of those when I was a kiddo... Along with my easy bake oven p", "Yes! So throwback! What is your go to late night snack?", "Hmm... Nachos or chili cheese fries. You?", "Whoa! Again, intense! I'm a cereal kind of girl.", "I've a super high metabolism so I usually eat whatever I want. Favorite cereal?", "Raisin bran! I am way hard core. I've crap metabolism."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jo. I love the color yellow.", "I won a gold medal at the Olympics. I am a runner. I also love gymnastics.", "I like Italian food and garlic bread. I like Chicken Alfredo.", "I have never been to Colorado."], "partner_persona": ["I like hiking and rock climbing. I live in Colorado.", "I like Italian food. I go to company dinners at Italian restaurants. I like Chicken Alfredo.", "I am a mechanical engineer. I do not know much about gymnastics."], "current_conv": ["I might be going to Colorado for a gymnastics tournament!", "I still am so impressed that you won a gold medal. We should get together soon and meet up at a great Italian restaurant. Would you like to do that?", "I'd love to!  That sounds wonderful!  Know of anywhere I can get some good garlic bread?  I think that's my favorite part of any Italian restaurant!", "Well when you get to Colorado we can meet. I just need to get a sate you will be here. Since yo may be coming to Colorado I can drive pretty much anywhere in the state to meet you consideing you will have travelled a ways to get to Colorado. I know of a bunch of great places that have delicious garlic bread. I live near Aspen. Do you know if you will be flying into Aspen or Denver?", "I was thinking Denver but I could probably fly into Aspen if it's easier.  I don't want you to have to drive too far!  Denver just seemed to have more flights and be a bigger airport but I think that they were the same price!  I'm not sure when it will be.  I'm hoping next month.  How's the weather in Colorado in May?", "Yeah Denver is HUGE! It is also very beautiful. The weather is really warm in May- not too hot- not too cold. We can also go hiking if you want- I rock climb in a place not too far from Denver. I may not be much of a gymnast but i can climb a rock like a pro. ", "I've gotten a bit out of shape since my Olympic days but I think I could still handle a good hike!  It would probably be good for me to get some high intensity exercise in!  I've been a bit lazy lately and after all that garlic bread and alfredo sauce I'm going to need to do something to burn off some calories!!  What's the highest mountain you've hiked?", "Oh- I thought you were coming to Colorado for a gymnastics tournament. Are you a participant of a coach now? When you were in the Olympics what was you strong point? I mean did you do floor routine- bars or horse. I think it is called horse-lol- but I know so little about gymnastics so I may be wrong. ", "Floor was always my strong event.  I loved to tumble!  I'm a coach now!  I just tell other people to do the hard work and I stand back and watch!  Which is how I've gotten a little out of shape!  People call the vault a variety of things - horse is one of them!  I've competed on beam and bars too but floor will always have my heart!", "Haha- yeah I guess with your love of Italian food you probably are better off coaching. And as far as you previous question about the highest mountain I have hikes- I really do not climb high mountains as I rock climb but I have hiked to the top of  Crestone Peak Mountain in Colorado. It took a lot out of me and like you, I am not in as good a shape as I used to be. ", "I bet the view was amazing though!  Do you ever get altitude sickness?  I always hear about that with people who climb up to high points in Colorado!", "The view was amazing! No I never get altitude sickness- knock on wood- I think because I took so freaking long getting to the top that my body acclimated to the higher altitude. So let me know when you will be coming so I can make plans on meeting up with you. I can hardly wait to see you!"], "history_conv": [["I'm jo and I love the color yello", "Hi jo. Yellow is a great color. It is the color of fall in colorado.", "Yellow I am a gold medalist for 100 meter in the olympics", "Wow! That is impressive. Swimming or running?", "Running. And I also do gymnastics it is my fave", "Nice. I prefer hiking and rock climbing myself. Living in co is great for those.", "Nice I love enjoy italian food and garlic bread", "Me too. I often go to company dinners at italian restaurants. What is your favorite dish?", "That is awesome. I love chicken alfredo", "Delicious choice. I love coming home from work to a nice plate of that.", "It is and I do enjoy it a lot.", "I work as a mechanical engineer so I do not know a lot about gymnastics.", "Yeah I its quite not that hard to understand the mechanics of it", "I'm sure. Have you ever been to colorado?", "No I've never been to colorado", "I live there, you'll have to come visit sometime. Great trails for running."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in New York City. My name is Kim.", "I live on Central Park West. I want to live in a penthouse.", "I drive a BMW.", "My father is a bank president.", "I plan to start business school next year to get into banking. I like crowds."], "partner_persona": ["I do not own a car. I bike everywhere. My bike is a roadmaster.", "I attend school virtually from home.", "I live alone and enjoy it.", "I speak 3 languages."], "current_conv": ["Do you ever enter road races with your bike?", "I have not. I thought about it but I would need more practice for that. I hear sometimes people race in New York City. I imagine that would be hard with the crowds.", "I have hear they do some racing here but I have not seen it personally. What type of biking do you do then?", "I mostly do leisurely biking. I wanted to get the best bike I could since I dont have a car and that would be my only was of getting around, but I love just taking rides for fun.", "That sounds like a great pastimte. I would like to try that, but riding for pleasure does not make a lot of sense to me inside the city. Are there very scenic places that you ride?", "That is very true. I like to ride in the state park. There are so many bike routes you can take. Since I attend school virtually I have more free time since I don't have to travel.", "I start business school next year, maybe I can take a nice trip before I start and visit some state parks and enjoy something different for awhile.", "We can definitely do that. Are you excited about starting school?", "I am excited, but also a bit nervous. There is a lot to live up to with my dad already being a bank president and all. Business school will take a lot of focus and hard work to be sucessfull.", "That sounds like a lot of pressure. I am confident you can do it. Do you want to follow in your dads footsteps and have a similar career?", "I am not sure which type of business I want to end up in yet, but I want one that I can be succesfull enough to finally end up in a penthouse with a great view of the city!", "Wow, that is a great goal. I live in an apartment, by myself, but I enjoy the peace that comes with it.  I am not much of a fan of crowds so city life wouldn't be suited for me. I guess you like crowds."], "history_conv": [["Greetings from the big apple, kim here, how are you?", "I'm fine, how much are your apples?", "Not for sale! They're looking good in central park though", "I actually thought you were selling chocolate covered apples", "Sorry, I live there on central park west, costs as much to park as to live, you?", "Well, I do not have a car. I just use a bike instead lol", "I've a beemer, what kind of bike?", "A roadmaster, how well does yours work?", "Great, when I can get it out in traffic, are you in school?", "I go to school from home, on a computer. I use it for exercise", "I see, live remote with parents? My dad is bank president, so we live in town", "That is pretty cool, I kind of enjoy being alone", "I start business school next year to be a banker like parents. I like crowds", "You can be you and I can be me. I'm practicing my 3rd language", "I like money too and I want to live in a penthouse when I leave home", "Penthouses are really nice, I believe you will get there with determination", "I will, thank you for chatting with me", "You are very welcome, keep dreaming big and have a nice day"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a classic mustang. I'm a mechanic.", "I do not speak French. I only speak English.", "I have two black labs named Dixon and Sirius.", "I'm spiritual. I'm a pagan.", "I do baneful workings."], "partner_persona": ["I have a Mazda Protege.", "I study language and music.", "I have no pets. I'm allergic to symbiotic connections. I used to have a black lab named Cooper.", "I practice the Left-hand path."], "current_conv": ["How has the language studying been going?", "It has been going great. I love learning new languages. When I am not learning language's I study music.  ", "Dang, you've really got a knack for that type of stuff don't you?  I'm the exact opposite, I don't think I'll ever learn a language... But I can fix your car, haha", "I wish I could fix my own car. Mechanic skills come in handy when you own one. My Mazda Protege tends to be at the shop a lot. Do you work on your Mustang often?", "I work on it every weekend! You're welcome to come over sometime and I can teach you some of the basics.  Not everything will look the same as your Mazda, but it'll be similar enough that you can start getting your feet under you.", "That would be great!  Do your dogs bite? I am not usually a fan of animals.", "They'll only bite if the don't like you!  Haha, I'm kidding, but I can keep them in the backyard while we work if you don't want to interact with them.  Were you ever afraid of your black lab back when he was around?", "Not him specifically. Other dogs do scare me. You never know how they are being trained. Peoples beliefs can translate to how they groom their pets to be.", "Yeah, that's very true.  Some people don't treat their pets with any respect, so it's not surprising when they lash out.  I promise my dogs are well-trained, but I can still keep them away just in case.", "That sounds good. Thank you for understanding. What is it like to be a Pagen?", "It's very freeing, I like not being tied down by what others expect of me.  I'm still spiritual, but I don't feel obliged to act ritualistically.", "That makes a lot of sense. I feel the same about practicing the Left Hand Path. There is nothing more freeing than following your own path and not the ones others try to pave for you."], "history_conv": [["Hello. What kind of car do you drive?", "A mazda protege, what do you drive?", "I drive a classic mustang. I am a mechanic.", "I study language and music, can you speak french?", "No, sorry. I can only speak english. Do you have any pets?", "I am allergic to symbiotic connection so I own no animals, do you?", "I do. Two dogs. They're amazing.", "What are there names?", "Dixon and sirius. They're black labs.", "I used to have a black lab named cooper, are you religious?", "I'm spiritual, yes. I'm a pagan.", "Do you practice the left hand path? I do as well.", "I do baneful workings if the situation calls for it.", "How has that been going?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am afraid of scorpions. I live in the north.", "I used to help my dad. My dad used to participate in NASCAR races.", "I like to play Call of Duty.", "I work as a mail delivery person. I drive crazy. My job pays well.", "I am looking for new car insurance. I used to have a gray car."], "partner_persona": ["I do not live in the Southwest. I like wearing band shirts with no sleeves.", "I have short, blonde hair. I am girl. I am skinny. I am in shape.", "I do not watch NASCAR. I like to listen to music. I like to play Call of Duty.", "I work for an health insurance company. I help elderly people with their insurance policies."], "current_conv": ["I am searching for a new car since my old was in an accident, and think I found a new one - a gray SUV. ", "Have you been able to test drive it yet?", "Yes, it has a lot of different features.  Cruise control, heated seats, lane assist to name a few.  I think I am going to get it. Have you played any Call of Duty? ", "That sounds nice! I hope it works out so you can get it. Yes, I have been playing Call of Duty a few times a week, but I have been too tired from work to play too much.", "Oh, are a lot of people looking for health insurance?", "There are, but I have received an uptick in calls from people with questions about their health insurance. How is work going for you?", "Understanding all the policy changes can be confusing. I have been delivering a great deal of packages, so I am getting my exercise.  I like being busy, makes the day go faster.  ", "I agree! Do you have a walking route or driving route?", "I have a driving route but I get plenty of walking in going back and forth to the doors for the packages.  Have you heard any good music lately?", "I've heard a couple new songs on Spotify, I like to have a mix going throughout my day. What about you?", "I also have a playlist on Spotify..  I love listening while on my routes.  It keeps me energetic and upbeat. I listen to gospel music.  What type of music do you like?", "I listen to a lot of indie music but sometimes I like more upbeat music to really get me energized. "], "history_conv": [["Do you live in the southwest by chance?", "No I do not. I love wearing band shirts with ruffles on the sleeves", "Thank goodness! I'm petrified of scorpions. I moved north because of them.", "Haha ok, I have blond short hair. I'm a girl and pretty skinny staying in shape", "I used to stay in shape helping my dad during his nascar races. Do you watch?", "No I don't watch, I listen to music and play video games", "My favorite game is call of duty. What about you?", "Same here, its an awesome game", "Totally! I deliver the mail, but sometimes drive crazy.", "Yeah is that your job that you do?", "Yeah, I deliver the mail. It pays well but the holiday hours are rough.", "That's cool. I work at an insurance company", "What kind of insurance? Maybe you can help me.", "Health insurance helping old folks with their policy", "I need new car insurance. My favorite grey car was hit.", "Ouch that reminds me of my car insurance."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like eating fish and chips. I like making paella.", "I am a college student majoring in art.", "I don't speak Spanish. I am a descendent of Christopher Colombus. I try to visit Europe twice a year.", "I get sea sickness."], "partner_persona": ["I like eating fish but not chips.", "I like music. I am a student. I study french and music.", "I speak Spanish. My favorite artist is Wagner.", "I don't like flying."], "current_conv": ["What type of music do you like listening to?", "I like Tool the band that is my favorite by far. I consider them to be a genre all on their own kind of hard to put them into a category. ", "Ah cool. Yeah it's always hard for me to classify the genre of artists. If it isn't clearly pop or rap I usually just call it \"alternative\" haha. So do you play any instruments?", "No sadly I don't play any, I had fiddled around playing an electric guitar for a few months but I never stayed interested enough in it to keep at it. How about you? Do you play any instruments?", "Ah, so do you mostly study music theory in school? Or do you sing? I don't play anything, I learned piano for a few years when I was a kid but was terrible at it haha", "I don't sing or play any music at all, just like you. You're related to Christopher Columbus? That's actually really cool how did you find that out? I've never had a genealogy report before.  ", "I found out from my parents, I never got a formal report but stories got carried down the generations. It'd be cool to do one of those though, see if there are any other mystery relatives I have", "Yeah, that's something you should get done. I want to get one done too, it could be very exciting finding out your ancestor was someone very famous who changed the world. It could turn out though to be pretty boring. That's probably what would happen for me, I'd be related to nobodies. You mentioned you liked making Paella what is that? ", "Haha well you never know! Paella is a spanish dish, mainly in Valencia. It has rice and usually seafood. I fell in love with it when I went to Spain and decided to learn how to make it. Do you cook much? ", "No I don't do much cooking, I am a TV dinner kind of guy. It's too easy for me to pop something in the oven and come back 40 minutes later and chow down so I don't do much cooking. Do you like cooking things other than paella?  ", "That makes sense, I'm definitely like that with some things where it's just easier to get it done with. I go through phases where I get obsessed with cooking certain things, so right now it's mainly paella, but recently I was trying out different pizza doughs", "I didn't even know there was different kind of pizza doughs, can you explain some of the different types? I am curious now. "], "history_conv": [["Hey. You want to go out sometime? I cannot resist fish and chips!", "Greetings, I like fish, not chips, what is your trabajo? Work", "I am a college student. Art major.", "I am unable to go out, too busy studying, lots on my plate, art? I like music", "Cool. Speaking of plates, I do love making paella", "Who is your favorite artist? Mine is wagner, do you speak espanol? Love paella!", "No spanish. Which is surprising for a descendant of christopher columbus!", "You love food! All I do is study, spanish now, french next, in between music", "I try to visit europe twice yearly. You should come with me then!", "No time for travel. I hate flying, could we go on a boat?", "I wish I could. I will have sea sickness if I did.", "I could study, listen to music and go to europe, you could eat. Lol", "I like where your mind is going!", "Take medicine, sounds fun, let us go? You pay, okay?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a cat lover. I have 5 cats.", "I work in construction. I am old enough to have a job.", "I don't know how to gamble."], "partner_persona": ["I am retired.", "I go to casinos often. I used to be a tailor.", "I like to mow the lawn.", "I used to have a pet.", "I know how to grill."], "current_conv": ["My cat did the funniest thing yesterday! She ran into the wall playing with a laser.", "Awe!  I hope she was okay!  Sometimes I miss having a pet!  I'm not sure I could handle taking care of 5 of them though!  I don't know how you do it!", "It sure is hard work! What kind of pet did you have before?", "I had a dog.  I've never had a cat before.  Have you ever had a dog?", "Aw what was his/her name? No i've never had a dog before! ", "Her name was Zoey.  What makes you like cats so much?", "That's a lovely name! I like that they are independent, means i can spend all day at the construction yard if i have to. What did you do before retiring?", "I was a tailor.   I worked for a bridal shop altering dresses for weddings.  You should see some of the amazing dresses I've seen!  Now I just spend my days at the casino!  That's why I haven't gotten another dog!  My tailor job was so flexible I could work when I wanted to as long as I got the dresses done in time so I'd always be home to feed and let Zoey out!", "Oh yes that's right. I'd love to see some of the dresses i bet they were amazing! Have you considered getting a cat? You could still go to the casino and he/she would be fine on their own for a bit?", "I thought about it.  I've just never had a cat so I don't know much about taking care of them.  I've heard they scratch up furniture.  Is that true?", "Well yes i suppose they do but they can be taught not to as they get older, lots of people keep them outside in catteries, that could be an option. At least you could grill without worrying about a cat burglar nicking your sausages.", "That is true!  Although Zoey was so small she couldn't get up to the grill!  I'm partial to tiny dogs!  What is a cattery?"], "history_conv": [["I love cats and have five of them.", "Cats are nice. How old are you?", "Old enough to work in the construction field. You?", "I am 68, been retired for a few years now.", "Great. What did you work and retire from?", "I was a tailor. These days I spend a lot of time at the casino", "Ahh. My father taught me everything I know but not how to gamble.", "Its probably for the best. I also enjoy mowing the lawn on a beautiful day", "Do you have a pet cat or dog?", "No not anymore. Do you?", "I've 5 cats that I love like humans", "Animals are better friends than humans.", "Sometimes and they're always happy to see you come in the door.", "It such a nice day today, thinking about starting the grill"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a piranha fish.", "My boyfriend and I broke up.", "My birthday was yesterday.", "I like hikes."], "partner_persona": ["I like hamburgers and fries.", "I like nature walks.", "I have a boyfriend."], "current_conv": ["Have you taken any good hikes lately?", "Yes! My boyfriend and I went on one last weekend and we have a hike planned for this weekend!", "Where did you go and and are you going to the same place again this weekend?", "We went to this place called turning point near us, it was beautiful! Our hike for this weekend is planned for a place about an hour from us. Have you been on any hikes recently? ", "I was planning one for this weekend at a local state park.  It has some waterfalls that suppose to be amazing.  I am excited to go and spend some time on me.  A late birthday present for myself.", "That sounds so beautiful and relaxing. Yes you deserve it! How was your birthday, happy belated by the way!", "Thank you.  It was good.  I got to spend some time with family and a few friends that I have not seen in awhile.  We went to a great burger place.  It was awesome.  The hamburger had a fried egg on it.  Have you ever had one with egg?", "Oh wow that sounds unreal. No I haven't but now i'm gonna have to get one this weekend! I'm glad you had a good birthday though. ", "Yes, you should.  I was unsure at first but when I bit into it, it was really good.  What other plans do you have for this weekend?", "Yummy! We're planning on getting a nice bite to eat after our hike so I'm defiantly suggesting a place that has a burger like that! Other than that no other plans. How about yourself? ", "Just want to relax and enjoy the beauty of outdoors. We both sound like we have great weekends planned.  We should get together one weekend and do a hike.", "Absolutely, I would love that! Do you know if you are free for next weekend?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How is your day going?", "Hey! After the meal I just had, my day is going great, thanks!", "I just got finished feeding my fish.", "Ooooh, what kind of fish do you have?", "I have a piranha. I was just feeding him pieces of my ex boyfriend.", "Lol! You are funny! I fed myself pieces of hamburger and fries!", "Hamburgers are the best! I had one yesterday for my 18th.", "Hope it was especially yummy for you! And happy belated birthday!", "Thank you! Do you like nature walks?", "I like walking, period! But yes, especially nature walks. How about you?", "I enjoy hiking and watching the sun. The best is when the sun is orange.", "The sun is magical and divine like that. My boyfriend is a sun gazer.", "My boyfriend used to gaze at other", "He used to gaze at other what?", "Other things. That is why I broke up with him a couple months ago.", "Oh dear, I am sorry. Totally his loss."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My family does not understand me being vegetarian.", "I would rather run than drive. Running clears my mind."], "partner_persona": ["My family does not like my job.", "I like watches and shoes. I want to work for a watch dealer.", "I like shopping. I want to own a rolls royce ghost.", "I like to run. I like fresh air. Running helps me with depression.", "I have a cat."], "current_conv": ["How is your cat doing?", "My cat loves cuddling and sleeping in my lap. She is so chill.", "Is she sleeping in your lap right now? What is her name?", "Yes, she is. Her name is Brandy. I named her after the Looking Glass song.", "Oh, I love that song! Have you gone for a run today?", "I ran this morning around the neighborhood. I like feeling the cold misty air on my sweaty face when I run.", "I know right!? I enjoy running early in the morning as well. How far do you usually run?", "I usually run until I can feel the sweat run down my back or I just miss my cat and wanna play with her again.", "Hm, for me that would not be very far, but I sweat a lot. How old is your cat?", "My cat is sweet 16. She is so pretty with her gray hairs.", "Wow! She has been around for a long time. Have you had her for her whole life?", "She has been around since I was young but not my whole life. But I have been around for her whole life though. I hope I can be a great parent for her."], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you doing?", "Hi. I'm not doing well. My family does not support my choice of career.", "Really why is that? Mine doesn't get me for being a vegetarian", "I want to work for a watch dealer and I like to shop for watches and shoes.", "Well if that's what makes you happy go for it", "I really enjoy shopping and my dream is to one day own a rolls royce ghost.", "Wow I enjoy running over driving", "Running is also quite lovely. Breathing in the lovely outside air.", "Yes it is is it clears my head when I need to as well", "Yes, and it also helps with depression I have found.", "Yes I wish I knew that before when I was a teenager", "Me too, it is good to know. Spread the word to others. Better than any medication.", "Yes it is I never thought about it but I just might thanks for the idea", "No problem. Always here to help a friend.", "So what else do you like to do on your spare time?", "Oh, I like to spend time with my cat, nelly."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love horses. I have a horse named coco.", "I love music."], "partner_persona": ["I have a pony named charlie.", "I like pizza. My pony likes pizza.", "I have a brown honda civic called Coco.", "I work with artists.", "I listen to country music."], "current_conv": ["I just had a nice ride with coco.", "That's great.  Where did you ride?", "Just along the river by my house, I had my headphones on to listen to some music. Very relaxing.", "It sounds like it.  I rode Charlie earlier.  We went up to a clearing next to my neighbors and watched the children playing.  I also had my headphones on during the ride listening to country music.  Heard a great song by Faith Hill.  What kind of music do you enjoy?", "I love country music! Faith hill is a staple on my playlist! Charlie must be a good sized pony for you to be able to ride him? Have any pizza today?", "He is a Welsh pony so yes fairly large.  No, no pizza.  But now I want some.  What is your favorite Faith Hill song?", "Pineapple or no? It has to be Wild One for me, a classic! ", "Pineapple only if in the mood and only with ham.  My favorite song is It's your Love with TIm McGraw.  Their relationship is an inspiration to me.", "I agree! 24 years togr", "Do you have a significant other?", "Yes, 6 years. Hopefully one day we are together as long as Faith and Tim. What about you?", "Just celebrated 20 years.  Its a beautiful and scary journey at the same time. Growing together while still maintaining our individual selves. "], "history_conv": [["Good evening, I heard you like horses can you tell me what kind", "How are you doing today?", "I am doing excellent. I would love to know more about your horses. I love horses", "I've one named charlie its just a pony", "Oh that's a good name for a pony. What do they eat?", "His and mine s favorite little snack is pizza", "Really! I did not know that pony eats pizza. That's really a fun fact", "He loves it do you have any pets?", "I've a horse also named coco", "That's actually my nickname for my honda civic that's brown", "Oh yeah! That's awesome. What do you like to do for fun?", "I like music and what about you?", "I love music? It is very relaxing. What kind of music do you listen to?", "I work with a few different artists", "Oh yeah but what kind of music do you like to listen to?", "Mainly country and you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work as a custodian and singer. I sing folk music. I play the guitar. I like to play piano.", "My age is 19 years old. My hair is long and black. I live with my parents."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a waitress.", "I have a bike. I ride motorcycle. I don't have car.", "My skin is pale. I have large brown eyes.", "I am not a musically inclined person. I like rock music."], "current_conv": ["Having motorcycle is cool What kind do you have?", "only ever had harly davidson bikes", "Nice! I've always wanted to ride one. Have you been using it a lot?", "living in florida it can be driven nearly daily never having to be put away for winter", "That's good, are you able to drive it to your job as a waitress?", "oh yes, i wear pants for work and love taking the bike to get there", "Amazing, you must look cool driving up on your bike! Interestingly enough I recently wrote a new song about motorcycles! ", "that sound great, i would love to hear that! i love any song having to do with riding a motorcycle", "Yeah! It's hard to incorporate piano into a song about motorcycles though LOL! Would you ever learn to play an instrument?", "I bought 3 gutairs a few years back, my fingers just are not big enough to wrap arount the fret! i stink at it. ive got 2 fenders and an ibinezz", "Wow that's super cool, but unfortunate that your hands are too small. I'd love to try out one of those guitars! ", "theyre just collecting dust now, gonna sell them up on ebay!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today?", "I am really great. Just got home from a ride on my bike.", "Me too, I am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night.", "I am a waitress. It works but I wish I could make more money.", "Same here, I sing folk music and play the guitar, what do you like?", "My favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle. I don't even have a car.", "When I make it big one day, I'll buy the car of my dreams", "What do you look like?", "I'm 19 years old and have long black hair. So I still live with my parents.", "I've pale skin and large brown eyes. And I wear my bike helmet all the time.", "Sine I live with my parents they want me to finish school, I want to sing.", "What kind of music if your favorite to sing?", "Folk music and I like to play the piano and guitar as well.", "I wish I could play instruments. I'm not very musically inclined.", "Folk music and I like to play the piano and guitar as well.", "I like rock music the most"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am filling out match profile.", "I have a dad. I go for blind dates.", "I work at gas station."], "partner_persona": ["I dye my hair.", "I am too old.", "I am an animal rights worker. I like to watch birds. I have kitties.", "I am trendy. I used to be a hippie."], "current_conv": ["What are some craziest things you did when you were a hippie?", "It was a life without any worries and did a lot of good and bad things, and if you are finding a match I seriously advise do not look for hippes.", "LOL Well I would be carful now so what exactly do you do as animal rights worker?", "Well we mainly try to get the awareness to the public for the safety of animals.", "Well that is good work and I see that you like to have pets as kitties, so what color you dyed your hair?", "I tried dark brown this time and you should try it as well, so how much you earn from gas station?", "Well they pay very less and I am happy that my dad helps me as well.", "That is good so what your dad do for living?", "He is a school teacher and has better earnings for both of us.", "So if you don't mind if I may ask what happend to you mom?", "Well my parents got divorced like 4 years ago and moved on.", "Sorry to hear that and well best of luck with your profile and blind dates."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you tonight?", "I am very well! I just dyed my hair rainbow", "That sounds amazing. I'm filling out a match profile.", "How is that going? I'm too old to date", "My dad keeps setting up blind dates for me. Old?", "Sounds fun! I'm too old to say.", "You are old with rainbow hair? That is unusual.", "Yes I'm an animal rights worker I'm very trendy", "He keeps sending random guys to the gas station where I work.", "That's scary that would depress me", "Are you a hippie? Like those nudist colony folk?", "I used to be. Now I just like to watch birds with my kitties", "Your kitties like birds? Don't they try to snatch them?", "Sometimes yes. I have to stop them haha", "I mean where I come from kitties do not play with birds.", "Why not? They must want to eat them"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love chicken. I eat pizza a lot.", "I have a dog.", "I work with rap artists. I represent an artist. I compose music.", "I weigh 175 pounds since 10 years."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a apartment. I have new house. I live with my buddy.", "I don't like chicken.", "I work as a bartender. I go to college.", "I want to become a nurse.", "I weigh 320 pounds. I eat less."], "current_conv": ["Why do you want to become a nurse?", "I love helping people!  And my mom was a nurse and I was always so proud of her and saw how much the work meant to her!  What made you get into the music industry?", "Not surprisingly, because I love music. Got lucky that way. Are you you nursing school? I forget.", "Yes, I'm still in school.  I have one year left.  I can't wait til I'm done.  Working and going to school is so difficult!  I spend all night serving drinks to drunks at a bar and all day in the hospital doing clinicals and then I study until I go to the bar to work again!  It's exhausting!", "I'd imagine it would be! Kudos to you for balancing the two. I don't think I could do that. Any fun classes right now?", "I took all my classes the first couple years so now I'm basically just doing the work of a nurse for free in the hospitals!  A licensed nurse just follows me around and tells me what to do and supervises me so I get hands on experience.  It's better than being in a classroom but I can't wait until I can actually get paid to do it!", "I'd imagine. Honestly, that sounds a like exploitative. You should at least get minimum wage or something!", "Yeah but instead I have to pay tuition to do it!  It does seem exploitative, doesn't it?  How's your dog doing?", "She's doing really well! Actually had a client come by the studio yesterday who showed up with a steak from Ruth Chris as just gave it to her. Must be nice to be that rich.", "Wow!  If I could afford that good of a steak I would most certainly not be sharing it with a dog!!!  Hopefully once I get these student loans paid off someday I can eat like that!  What kind of dog do you have again?  I never remember", "A lab. She gobbled the thing down. And gave me a look like, \"How come you never feed me anything like that!\" I bet it'll be nice to have those loans paid off.", "For sure!  Should take a few years though from what I've calculated!  College isn't cheap!  I'm surprised she's even eating her dog food now and not holding out for steak again!  Ha!  I might do that if I realized there was something better out there!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there. How goes it?", "Hey!! So I have a house warming party for my new apartment with my buddy tomorrow!", "That's cool. I hope that you have a great time!", "I am just hoping no one brings chicken! That stuff makes me harf!", "Lol... I love chicken. I'll be eating pizza with an artist I represent and my dog charlie.", "Cool! So what do you do for a living? I'm a bartender through college.", "I produce music for a handful of rap artists. As well as eat a lot of pizza!", "Just do not eat too much! I'm going to be a nurse. I would know.", "To be honest, it is pretty much all I eat...", "Rebel! You must have a crazy high metabolism.", "I guess so. I have been 175 pounds for well over 10 years.", "Geez. I am 320. I hate my body. And I eat under 1800 cals a day.", "What is the saying... Big is beautiful?", "Big is unhealthy. It is not fun.", "Aww. I am sure all will turn out well for you.", "Hopefully I will learn stuff in nursing school."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I travel a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I like drawing. I am an actor.", "I live on a farm. I do farming. I have a dog.", " I had a husband.  I am divorced.", "I watch hockey."], "current_conv": ["I want to visit your place. I have never been there.", "My place is full of potatoes and onions. If you wanted to see lots of that then please do come by soon. I can give you some of my crops.", "Cool! I love potatoes and onions! Do you happen to grow any fruit by chance? I'll have to take a trip over there soon!", "The only fruit I grow is the sweet fruit I have with my husband. We grow the sweet relationship we have together. ", "I thought you were divorced? Is this a second marriage if you don't mind me asking?", "I'm sorry. He left me a couple years ago and I am still having flashbacks when he was still here with me. I still love him.", "It's okay! I completely understand. I hope you are happy and content with life after marriage! Personally I have never had the opportunity to get married. Probably for the better.", "You can always marry yourself because you travel so much, you will always have yourself.", "Haha, I always tell everyone I am married to the money! Freedom and travel are my virtues", "I like money too. Money is the tool for the expression of freedom.", "I'm sure farming grants you the opportunity to make a lot of money", "The money I get from farming come from providing people with quality food products. It's a warm and wholesome type of currency."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "Hi, my husband is old and adopted. I love coloring farms in books.", "Ok that's random. I have never been an artist type", "Great! I live on a farm with a dog named trump who watches hockey.", "I do not care for dogs. I'm waiting for retirement", "Good luck with retirement. My dog trump is a german shepherd.", "Thanks if only retirement will come faster. What do you do for a living?", "Actor. I adopted a dog and a husband in the same year.", "Oh acting that sounds fun. Sounds like you went through some big life events", "I did! I got rid of my husband and kept the dog.", "Well at least some good came out of it. Hope everything is well for you", "It is! We farm and watch hockey where I live. What about you?", "I am not a big fan of sports but I do like to travel quite a lot", "That is cool! I color in books to settle my nerves."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I dance on weekends.", "I studied chemistry. I work at bookstore.", "I have a dog.", "I live in New Mexico."], "partner_persona": ["I like music.", "My hair is short and blonde.", "I work at grocery store.", "I wear leggings.", "I live in North Carolina."], "current_conv": ["What is it like in North Carolina? I have never been to that place.", "The weather is good here most of the year, though sometime it gets cold as well, how is in New Mexico?", "Most of the year its warm here, so what kind of music do you mainly like?", "I like the country music specially when I am on longer road trips. ", "I bet this would be fun, how is the working enviornment at grocery stores?", "Its always busy here as everyone come to buy dat to day needs and I hope you are busy at book store", "Exactly as books selling seems getting obsolete due to everything is online now.", "you are right as the technology has replaced lots of things, what else do you do beside dancing for fun.", "Well I enjoy taking my dog to the dogpark and socialize with other pet onwers. how about you?", "I also enjoy the weather by going to parks and mostly for jogging.", "that is good excercise and my dog helps me to run behind him a lot.", "Well its good that everyone thinks about their health."], "history_conv": [["I go dancing on the weekends", "Me too. I love music.", "The color orange doesn't suite me at all. What about you?", "I've short blonde hair so it actually works for me", "That is awesome. I studied chemistry, yet work in a bookstore", "I work at a grocery store but I want to be a fashion designer.", "That's awesome!! I've a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes", "Wow that's impressive. I wish I had a dog", "Yeah we have lots of ribbons. I am not big on fashion", "I live for ruffles and leggings!", "Yeah I don't always wear leggings unless I am going out in the cold", "Do you live somewhere cold?", "I do not. I am in new mexico how about you?", "I live in north carolina but I want to live in new york.", "Do you plan on moving to new york?", "Maybe someday. Maybe I will be a fitness trainer there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just got a new job.", "I love burgers. I have never had a fast food job.", "I did not grow up rich. I was loved. I am adopted.", "I love to garden."], "partner_persona": ["I just started a new job at Whataburger.", "My father has a construction company and wants me to take it over.", "I was given a lot of possessions as a child. My father did not give me love.", "I go mountain biking."], "current_conv": ["I just had a Whataburger for lunch. It was good!", "I love it, but I will surely get tired of it working here. ", "As a customer, I love it. Their burgers are super fresh and made with high-quality meat and ingredients. I'm sure it's a drag to work there, but I've never worked in food service before.", "It's temporary until my father starts training me at his construction company. We aren't lose, but he wants me to take over the company.", "Do you prefer working in construction? How do you feel about someday taking over the family business?", "I've honestly never done it. I suppose I'm trying to earn my father's love by taking it over.", "That's tough that your father hasn't been really affectionate towards you. Do you wish you had a more loving relationship with him?", "Of course. Growing up, he just gave me \"stuff\",", "Well I wish the best for you. Maybe working part-time doing construction for him would help strengthen your bond. The new job I got is actually doing manual labor working for my friend. It's very physically demanding but I have to pay my bills somehow. ", "Very true! And at least you know you like your boss!", "That is a plus, for sure. Friendship is different, though, in a business context. Sometimes it's hard to listen to him bossing me around.", "I can imagine. At least I'm used to my dad bossing me."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you tonight?", "Hey there, I'm doing pretty well, you?", "I am doing great! I just got a new job. Not glorious, but it pays the bills.", "I just started my new job two days ago, so same here. Nothing I am proud of", "Still, that's great! What do you do?", "I just started at what a burger, not sure my position yet, only worked two days", "I've never worked in fast food, but I do love burgers!", "Fast food, is miserable won't lie. My father wanted me to take over his construction company", "My parents never owned much, but there was never a shortage of love.", "My father could not show love, so I grew up with a lot of materialistic items", "My natural parents couldn't show love either. I am adopted, you see.", "Well, maybe it was more than just lack of love", "I am sorry to hear that you grew up like that.", "It happens, do you have any hobbies?", "Yeah, I love getting outside in my garden. What about you?", "I take as much time off as I can to go mountain biking"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like using the internet. I like solar technology.", "I love eating organic food.", "I like shoes.", "I am a feminist.", "I like twitter."], "partner_persona": ["I am a homebody.", "I work late.", "I am 40 years old. I am married. I have been married for 20 years."], "current_conv": ["What is the secret to staying married for 20 years?", "Communication and compromise. Something I think is important beyond that, is realizing people grow and change. Don't assume your partner is the exact same person you married. Keep getting to know them. Are you married?", "That is such a very important point, especially when you've married young. No, I am not married; not sure if that's in the cards for me.", "Well, I don't think anyone should push you. Anyway,,, do you really want to share your closet space? You can buy all the shoes you want :).... How many pairs do you have?", "Exactly! Honestly, I stopped counting a couple of years ago. Thankfully I have three bedrooms and live alone!", "that's neat! It's like having several walk in closets. My wife has about 50 shoes. She loves colorful sneakers the most. Do you have more casual shoes than fancy shoes?", "Most are very practical shoes, I'd like to still be able to use my feet in the future! lol What keeps you at work late?", "Oh, they are always changing the insurance stuff and I have to input the information all over again. It can be tedious. What kind of work do you do? ", "It's not the easiest to explain exactly, I'm kind of an inventor...I tinker around a lot with solar cells and create possible applications for their use.", "The solar industry is booming the last few years. Do you use a lot of solar energy in your home?", "Oh yes! I live in the desert so it's quite practical for me. I spend much of my time at home so I really appreciate it.", "I need to add more solar power to our home. Any ideas where I could start out small?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you? Also, what are some of your interests?", "I am well. I am a homebody that spends a lot of time at work.", "I particularly enjoy browsing the web myself. I also love solar technology!", "I've to try to save money. Care sales always change. I hate it.", "I try to save money by eating only organic food. Really helps my health!", "We eat out a lot. My wife hates cooking and I work so late sometimes", "I love eating out! I have a favorite organic cafe I eat at.", "When you are forty years old. You do not really care what it is. Just eat it", "That is true. The older you get the less it matters.", "Yeah, been married for 20 years and can not manage to save a dime from work.", "I try to save. It is hard sometimes though. I like shoes too much.", "You and my wife both. She has a closet full.", "Would you consider yourself a feminist? I'm for sure.", "I keep an open mind. Everyone works for a living, some manage better than others.", "I agree with that idea. Do you like twitter? It is my favorite!", "I do all my car advertising on facebook. I've not really tried twitter"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work as an Indie wrestler.", "I enjoy my fellow humans. I have, and currently do, volunteer at local shelters.", "I no longer have any family to spend time with.", "I have never visited Disneyland. Goofy is my favorite Disney character.", "I started watching a new Netflix show."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy walking.", "I deliver babies in my capacity as a doctor. I make enough money to live comfortably. I enjoy spending time with my family outside of work.", "I used to visit Disneyland with my family. Mickey Mouse is my favorite character when visiting. Goofy is also a Disney character I enjoy.", "I have kids.", "I read books as a form of entertainment."], "current_conv": ["How was time with your kids?  Were you able to read after?", "Yes I was. It was a peaceful reading. What Netflix show did you end up starting?", "I've been watching this show called \"Shameless\". It's about a dysfunctional family headed up by a degenerate drunk named Frank, and it chronicles their hustles, scandalous behavior, and struggle to survive. Have you seen it?", "Haha yes! I saw it many years ago when it first came out and never finished it. It is super crazy and I can never get over how there is always something going on with that family.", "That Gallagher family sure is nuts! It's a pretty edgy show with a lot of bad language, sexual situations, and alcohol abuse. Are your kids old enough to watch it?", "Oh no, and even if they were I would not want them to. It made me even feel some type of way so I could only imagine their little minds trying to figure out what is going on. Do you have any plans this weekend? ", "How old are they? I bet they think it's super cool that their parent is a doctor! I'll be volunteering at the shelter all day Saturday, and I have a daytime wrestling match on Sunday.", "2, 10, & 13. They are a good age but still need to be protected from crazy shows like that haha That sounds like a pretty interesting weekend. Maybe we can stop by the shelter.", "I'd rather see you guys after work. I'd love to watch some Disney movies if you're up for that.", "I am, and I am sure the kids would love to see you again. Maybe next time we can stop by and help as well. I know the older ones are interested in volunteering. ", "Your 13 year old kid is old enough to volunteer. We'd love the extra help!", "I will let her know so she can get ready for that day. Maybe this summer when school is out. Then we can save and all go to Disneyland! "], "history_conv": [["Hi I am tom I work as a indie wrestler", "Hi how are you today? I like to walk.", "I am good I like people I volunteer to help local shelters", "That's nice of you. I deliver babies so I am a doctor.", "Oh that is a good profession must make alot of money", "It is a comfortable living. I like spending time with family.", "That is cool I don't have family these days", "I'm sorry to hear that. We used to go to disneyland together.", "I have never been there but saw the commercials before", "It is alot of fun my favorite character is mickey mouse.", "I like goofy he is pretty cool", "I like him also he is a trip.", "What do you have planned today? I've to volunteer again tonight", "No alot just spending time with my kids. That's nice to volunteer.", "Oh that is cool I started a new show on netflix", "I like to read books also."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to walk in my spare time.", "I live in Florida. I have family in Florida. I love where I live. I have children and grandchildren.", "I only drink water. I have had medical issues in the past.", "I have a black lab, it's a therapy dog. I had cancer."], "partner_persona": ["I love french fries and burgers.", "I live in Tennessee. I own a house.", "I love dogs. I adopted my dog from an animal shelter."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought about taking your dog with you on long walks to make them more enjoyable?", "I have! I actually just took my dog on a walk this morning it was a beautiful day. What is your favorite thing to do with your black lab?", "My grandson has been coming over to teach him how to catch frisbees.  I really enjoy watching him catch them.  I also enjoy going on long walks with him, his name is Chocolate (in Spanish). What is your dog's name?", "That is so nice that you get to see your grandson more often! chocolate is a great name for a dog. My dogs name is tyson. How many grandchildren and children do you have? It must be nice to see your family expand so much. ", "Tyson's a nice name.  I have two children and four grandchildren.  It is such a blessing to have them nearby.. I have really enjoyed watching them grow!", "That is a big happy family! Also it is nice that you have your family living so close. How long have you lived in florida for?", "I have lived here for 30 years.  How about you? Do you have any children/grandchildren?", "I have two children ages 1 and 3. Two boys. I live in tennessee and my wife has to deal with a house full of boys haha. I am really enjoying my family at this age. ", "Oh wow! Yes, those are some pretty rambunctious ages.  I am sure you both have your hands full!  What do you do for a living?", "Yea we don't always get enough sleep between us but that's the way it goes I guess! I am a mailman and have been for about 3 years. I enjoy my job for the most part it pays the bills and allows my wife to stay home with the kids. How about you, what do you do for work?", "I am now retired but I used to be a teacher.  I taught mostly elementary school for 25 years. I really enjoyed teaching.  Do you have any hobbies?", "I really enjoy eating burgers and fries and watching sports when I can get some spare time. I don't mind putting on a few extra pounds for now! I have a lot of respect for teachers now that I am older with kids of my own. Teachers should be paid like doctors in my opinion. Where in florida do you like to walk on your spare time?"], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon how are you doing?", "I'm great! Just got in from a long walk.", "I do that in my spare time it is good excercise", "It is. I live french fries and burgers so I need to exercise!", "Lol well that is a good reason", "Yes, where do you live?", "I live in the sunny state of florida surrounded by my huge family", "That is so nice! I just bought a house in tennessee. Do you like florida?", "Yes I love it my children are always around and my grandchildren are always over visiting", "That is wonderful. I'm working on being healthier. No soda, just water!", "Water is all I drink because I had medical issues three years ago", "Well it is good for you. Do you have any pets?", "Yes I've a black lab who is constantly at my side", "I'm a huge dog lover! I've a mutt I adopted from the shelter.", "Awww yeah she is my therapy dog I had cancer three years ago", "I'm sorry but glad that you have her!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a marathon runner. I travel for marathons. I have not been to France.", "I swim.", "I like the ocean. I do the LA marathon each year."], "partner_persona": ["I travel.", "I like French food. I have been to France 5 times.", "I like swimming in the ocean.", "I inherited my yacht. I have had my yacht for about two years. A captain sails the yacht for me. I hired my captain when the previous one became too old."], "current_conv": ["I have started alternating my runs with bike rides so that I might be able to someday complete a triathlon.", "That's an awesome goal! And good idea to start training with the bikes. Any particular triathlon you want to do?", "Not yet.  Just trying to get my bearings and familiar with it all.  After getting my bike riding down, plan to move onto swimming.  Any tips?", "Don't drown? Just kidding! Probably not a lot I can offer you except to not try to do too much at one time. With all the running and now biking you do, you should have good lung capacity for swimming but it can be overwhelming if you try to go to fast at the beginning. I think I might need to start doing some running and biking and maybe we can travel and do our first triathlon together!", "That would be great.  Your right, I don't plan on doing everything at once.  Get biking down and then move on.  You're welcome to join me on my runs.", "Thank you and I think I will do that. Going to take me awhile to build up to a marathon though. Do you have any tips for me on running? Should I try a 5k first?", "Take your time. if your not use to running start out walking and each day try to increase your speed.   Stretching before and after is extremely important.  A 5k would be a good start if your use to running.  It will give you a sense of where your at with your abilty.", "Sounds like a plan. Hopefully when I'm ready to try biking, I can remember how. It's been years since I've been on a bike. Not a whole lot time to run and bike when I'm out sailing my yacht. You should come for a short sail on my yacht sometime! We can head up and down the west coast and see some cool sights!", "Oh that would be great.  I love the west coast.  Have you been to San Francisco bay?", "Yes! I love sailing through there! I love docking there and seeing the seals! I'm originally from Texas so we don't have many seals there. We'll have to plan a trip soon then! ", "Yes we will.  The food at fisherman's wharf is amazing.  What are some other places you've sailed to on the west coast?", "Completely agree! I guess we know where we'll have to stop to eat. I love sailing down the coast to San Diego also! San Francisco is nice but can get a little cool but San Diego is always perfect! Maybe we can plan it as a little recovery trip after you finish the LA Marathon this year!"], "history_conv": [["Hello! I just got back from a run. What are you up to today?", "Hi! I am thinking where to go next. I am traveling.", "That sounds exciting. What about somewhere that has great food?", "That would be france, french food is the best. But I have been there, 5 times.", "Wow that is a lot! I only travel to go to marathons. I need to try france!", "Are you an athlete? I try to stay in shape, too.", "I would say I am athletic, yes. However I just run and swim. Nothing else", "Do you like swimming in the ocean? I do.", "Yes! I go to the ocean when I do the la marathon each year.", "That's nice. I've a yacht, I love sailing it.", "A yacht! That is awesome. I'm impressed.", "Thanks. I wish I could say I earned it. No, inherited.", "Have you had it long? I imagine it was hard to learn how to drive it", "About two years. I have a captain, so I don't drive it myself.", "Did the captain come with the yacht?", "No, I had to hire one. The previous one was too old."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I watch television. I like to watch Nascar racing and UFC.", "I listen to Aerosmith.", "I like Mexican food.", "I am a construction worker.", "I do not have much time to travel."], "partner_persona": ["I love to shop. I regularly visit the spa.", "I do not watch much television. I listen to Brittney Spears.", "I monitor my diet. I am a professional model.", "I travel."], "current_conv": ["Where was the last place that you traveled to?", "Canada, to go model at a fashion show", "How long do your trips usually last?", "A week or so. So which restaurant do u go often to eat your mexican food", "There are a couple nearby that I go to once in a while; however, I really like to do the cooking myself.", "Do the cooking yourself. I thought construction workers do not really have time to do sure?.", "I always make time to have a great meal!", "That is good. So which UFC match you watched last?", "Usman vs Masvidal, this past weekend. Have you ever seen a match?", "No, I haven't. I don't really like the sport, judt like you do not like traveling ", "Hold on, it's not that I don't like to travel; I just don't have much time to do so. That is something I'd like to change...soon.", "ok then. I will love you to create time for it "], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you", "I'm good. How are you?", "I am pretty good. Tell me about yourself?", "Well, I love shopping and pampering myself. I go to the spa a lot!", "Sounds like fun. I personally like watching nascar racing and ufc", "I don't watch much television, but I love music. Britney spears is my favorite.", "Britney spears is good but not my favorite, aerosmith is.", "That's cool. What is your favorite food?", "Mexican food is my favorite, whats yours?", "I like mexican food, but I eat salads a lot to watch my diet.", "Oh ok. Whats your occupation", "I am a professional model. How about you?", "I am a construction worker, do you travel a lot?", "I do. I love traveling to new exotic places.", "I wish I could travel more, my job doesn't allow it much", "It is fun, but gets tiresome. What else do you enjoy?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am married.  I have multiple children, the youngest of which is 9."], "partner_persona": ["I am on vacation in Miami, Florida.", "I am a 4th grade teacher.", "My parents are still alive.", "My favorite is going to concert."], "current_conv": ["All the talk about ice cream earlier made me go out and get some chocolate ice cream at the store.", "What is your favorite brand of chocolate ice cream? I like Breyer's.", "I like any brand, as long as it is plain chocolate. Have you been to any concerts?", "Yeah, I actually went to see a friend's band play this past weekend. Do you like listening to music?", "I do like some music, but the only concerts I get to are the ones I take my kids to.", "What kind of concerts do your kids like to go to?", "They like country music concerts. Do you like country?", "I'm more of a bluegrass/western person myself. Do they have a favorite artist?", "I am not sure about a favorite artist. I think they'd listen to any.", "Well, that's good. Having a favorite anything can really limit growth. How old is your oldest child?", "My youngest is almost 10 years old! Do you have kids?", "I asked about your oldest, actually. No, I don't have any children and don't intend to."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you tonight? I am doing great.", "Hi! Just enjoying the sun during vacation. I am at miami beach.", "I would love to take my wife and kids to the beach.", "I am on a school trip. Brought some 4th graders. I am their teacher.", "How many 9 year olds do you have with you? My youngest is 9.", "10. After a swim, we are going to play monopoly. Board games are the best!", "Are you the only adult there?", "My parents are helping, too. They used to teach.", "So you are not really on vacation.", "Later this evening, I am sneaking away to catch up in concert. My fav!", "Never heard of up. Is that a musical group?", "A band. Semi vacation. My favorite way to spend vacation is at the beach.", "With 3 kids, it is great. With 10, I'd not go to great.", "I will do anything to go to the beach! And I love kids.", "I love kids too. Almost as much as I like chocolate ice cream but not 10.", "Oh, yummy! Sounds good right now!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 18.", "I used to watch pro wrestling. I had a boyfriend.", "I like old hogan. My favorite color is orange.", "I have a fish.", "I work at the shelter in Seattle. I live in Seattle.", "I hike in the mornings."], "partner_persona": ["I am a wrestler.  I work out.", "I like hogan.", "I volunteered at the homeless shelter.", "I do not hike. I would like to try hiking.", "I would like to travel more."], "current_conv": ["When would you like to start traveling ", "When the travel ban is lifted ", "Where would you like to visit", "I will love to go to Australia because of my volunteered job", "Wow, sounds good, how long will you like to stay", "A month. So what about your fish?", "I am a country person and love to fish. Tell me a little more about your volunteer job", "Homeless shelter. when are going hiking again?", "I don't really hike, there is a lake 2 miles from where live."], "history_conv": [["Hello! I finally turned 18!", "Cool do you like pro wrestling or not.", "I used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time, but we broke up.", "Well that is to bad, I am a wrestler my self!", "That's neat! I like old hogan because his uniform is my favorite color... Orange!", "Cool I like him to. That's why I workout all the time!", "I've a fish that is orange and I named him hogan too!", "Speaking of fish I made some yesterday. While volunteering at the homeless shelter.", "No kidding? I actually work at a shelter in seattle. Do you hike", "No! But I'd like too do so one day.", "I hike before work in the morning. The morning sun is the best.", "You hike before you go to work? Where do you live?", "I live in seattle. There are many places to hike.", "I should travel more often I really like having people around me.", "Travel up here and we can hike and watch wrestling.", "Sounds fun. Maybe one day!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet cow.", "I am an electrician.", "I have a big truck.", "I like country music."], "partner_persona": ["I have a German Shephard named Barnaby. I like the country. I like walking my dog on trails.", "I used to have a cow. Grey is my favorite color.", "My family used to own a farm. My dad is a nascar driver.", "I work at the post office.", "I drive a Ford Taurus.", "I like top 40 and alternative radio."], "current_conv": ["Did you take Barnaby for a walk yet? ", "Yes I did, what about your pet cow", "I usually walk with him throughout the field. I don't want him to get loose and cause and mayhem. What kind of trails do you like to do with your dog?", "walking with my dog on trails is what I do most and I lose my cow when my parent sold their farm", "How do you like your Taurus? I was thinking about getting one.", "My ford is really good. You can go for it. who is your best musician", "I really like The Offspring. I really want to go to one of their concerts. What about you? Who do you like?", "I don't really like music, so no best musician. So how do manage your truck", "It works really well. Sometimes it is tough to get into parking spots, because it is pretty big. But I like it. How's work going?", "Work is good. Hope you are get contract with your electrical jobs", "Ya, things are going well. I am pretty busy these days. ", "wow, that's good. The job I am doing is quite boring though"], "history_conv": [["Hey, are you a city kinda person or the county type?", "I guess country. I like walking my german shepherd, barnaby on trails.", "Oh awesome, I like to walk my pet cow. We are best friends.", "Very cool. We had a grey cow when I was a child. I love grey colors.", "Oh that's nifty. Do your parents own a farm?", "When I was young. Then my dad went to be a nascar driver.", "Oh I watch that every week. My parents were just good ole farms.", "Right on. I work for the post office. What do you do?", "Oh I do electrical work.", "That's cool. Do you enjoy it?", "I do but I get to drive my big truck to work. What do you drive?", "I drive a grey ford taurus.", "Oh because you like grey! Haha. Do you listen to the radio?", "I do. Mostly top 40 and alternative.", "Oh I really like county music.", "Country music is good also."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy shopping. I like car shopping.", "I like the outdoors. I like driving around.", "I like dogs.", "I am a watch salesman. I repair watches. I like Rolls Royce."], "partner_persona": ["I like gardening. I like walking outdoors.", "I teach 3rd grade.", "I own a golden retriever named Sally. I like to walk my dog.", "I like shopping. I am a woman."], "current_conv": ["Would you like to go shopping with me this weekend. I found an antique car shop. ", "I would be more than happy to!  Is there anything specific you are looking for car-wise?", "Yes, I am looking for old Porsche in the 1960's", "Oh I love how Porsches look!  I don't know too much about what would make it a good buy or not, but I'd love to look.  How much are you looking to spend?", "I don't have a lot of money, hopefully around $20,000", "Well hopefully we will have some good luck!  Say, have you thought about getting a dog?  I know how much you like them.", "I love dogs. Do you have a dog, if yes, how many", "Yes, I have a golden retriever named Sally.  She's a total sweetheart.  Would you ever consider getting a dog/", "Yes, I would like a dog, but I am having a hard time deciding what type of dog to get, can you give me a suggestion", "Absolutely! Since you enjoy the outdoors, I think you would do best with a more medium or large-sized dog.  Maybe a retriever or a collie.  Boxers are also a lot of fun!", "Yes, I was thinking about a Boxer, but I don't know much about a Boxer", "They are amazing dogs!  They are so sweet and cuddly, but they do love getting out and burning off some energy.  When they get excited, they run in circles and chase their tails...it's so cute!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I enjoy shopping, especially for cars.", "Hi, that's nice. I spend my free time gardening and walking outdoors.", "I like the outdoors. I especially enjoy driving cool cars.", "Cool. What kind of cars? I am a school teacher.", "I someday hope to own a rolls royce ghost! What do you teach?", "I teach elementary school. 3rd grade. I also have a dog. Do you like dogs?", "I do like dogs! What type of dog do you have?", "I have a golden retriever named sally.", "I had a babysitter who had a golden retriever that I enjoyed as a child.", "They are very nice dogs. I enjoy taking her on walks.", "I currently work with a watch dealer. Maybe you could walk there someday.", "Maybe so. Do you sell watches?", "Yes, our shop sells watches. I help with repairs.", "Very nice. Maybe I'll stop in sometime.", "I would like to meet you! Do you enjoy shopping?", "I do enjoy shopping, as I think many women do. I must get going now.", "It was nice talking to you!", "Nice talking. Have a good day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I think coffee is great. I don't like wine.", "I walk dogs as a job. I pay for college. I enjoy psychology journals.", "I go kayaking."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a little league coach. I have 5 sons. I have a mini van.", "I drink a lot of coffee. I occasionally drink wine.", "I've never kayaked."], "current_conv": ["So, are your sons all of a similar age and able to play little league together?", "sons are 11,10,nine,eight and seven. Yes they all play little league together", "That must be so much fun, but very busy! Did you play baseball as well?", "yes i was a pitcher in high school. I have 5 german shepards too, maybe you could walk them for me!", "Ah okay it must be nice to watch your sons follow in your footsteps. I'll take your dogs out, definitely gonna have my hands full with 5 dogs LOL. Maybe I'll bring my chihuahua too", "my dogs love all little dogs! we all pile into the van, go to the games! id love for you to see a game, come and bring your dog", "They'd get along great with my dog ChiChi then! I don't understand baseball but maybe you could teach me", "nothing to learn really, but ill bring a huge thermos of coffee for us, do you take cream and or sugar? we'll make a date", "Yeah I usually take cream and sugar, I like my coffee sweet! I'll also bring some donuts and orange slices for snacks for the kids after the game.   ", "ok ill get in touch with you when the season starts back up. im going to try attempt to take the boys kayaking!  oh boy!!!!", "Good luck, wish I was heading out today too!! Hopefully the weather is nice for you all too! I think I will do some reading today.", "weathers always nice - happy reading"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I hope you have a better job than I do", "Hi. I'm a little league coach. I have 5 sons and a mini van.", "Five sons? Do they play on your team?", "Yes, and therefore I drink a lot of coffee, it is my favorite. What is yours?", "Cool and coffee is great, as a graduate student I pull tons of all nighters", "I like to have wine some nights on occassion as well.", "I don't enjoy wine but I do enjoy psychology journals", "What kind of job do you have?", "I walk dogs to pay for college and food", "That is not such a bad job. It sounds fun.", "It is not stable enough and it does not pay enough", "But at least you get lots of fresh air.", "I get enough of that when I go kayaking", "Ah, yes. I've never kayaked. Is it fun?", "Tons of fun, it is very exciting", "Very nice. I must go now. Have a lovely evening."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Regina.", "I work in a bookstore.", "French fries are my favourite food.", "I compete with show dogs. I love dogs."], "partner_persona": ["My name is George.", "I am a bee farmer. I enjoy dancing.", "Papaya is my favourite food.", "I'm not close to any of my family. I love dogs.", "For fun I play shows, record music, and read. The music I record is like the band Radiohead, or slower rock music in general."], "current_conv": ["You won't believe who came into the bookstore yesterday!", "Hmm, probably not. Who was it?", "Thom YORKE!!!! I could've believe it.", "I'm not familiar with that person. Who are they?", "Are you serious George? You're joking right?", "Nah, not joking. I haven't a clue who that is.", "And you all yourself a fan of Radiohead. I'm shocked. ", "We play music like Radiohead. I never said I was a fan of them per say. Besides, I don't really keep up with the names of people in bands if I'm honest. I just like the music. ", "Wait, so you make music like a band you don't even really listen to or are a fan of? George, I don't fully understand you musicians I guess.", "Yeah, I guess I'm a little weird there. It's happened before where people have been talking about a member from a popular band and I had no clue who they were on about.", "It's alright. Just giving you a hard time. Sometimes I meet someone in person and two minutes later I don't remember their name.", "I'm the same way. I'm really bad with names as well. In one and out the other."], "history_conv": [["Hi, want to get to know each other?", "Hey, george here. Lets be friends", "Hi george, I'm regina. Do you enjoy dance?", "I do enjoy it, as a bee farmer", "That is a cool job. I work for a cute little bookstore", "Awesome. I really like papaya, my favorite food", "That is an interesting choice. I'd have to pick french fries", "I've zero family that I'm close to, lets be fam", "Sure. I could always use a new family member. Do you like dogs?", "Awesome. I love dogs they're the best", "Great! I compete with show dogs", "Awesome, well with dogs you can not go wrong", "Its a lot of work but fun too. What do you do for fun?", "I play shows, record music, and read", "Wow. That is a lot. What kind of music", "Its like radiohead, or slower rock"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to be in the military. I work in a shipyard.", "I donate to veteran's charities.", "I help my local pet rescue. I like bunnies.", "My favorite color is blue. Navy blue is my favorite shade of blue."], "partner_persona": ["I got a new job as a life coach.", "I love our soldiers.", "I had cancer. I have a cat.", "I love green. I am going to run a marathon.I wear blue sweatpants when I run.", "My parents are athletic."], "current_conv": ["I bought some new running pants.", "Nice what color of pants you bought as I bet it would be blue or like that!", "Well you are right it is blue, I am sure if you buy it will be green right?", "You bet it would be, so what kind of rescue you do for pets?", "Mostly the abandoned pets where ever we find, so what kind of cat you have?", "I have a black cat and I love her and I always take her with me for running practice.", "That is so nice, so how is the new job going on?", "Well its ok not too interesting though, I wonder what happens in shipyards?", "Well i use my experience and fix the ships and sometime also go as a merchant.", "Wow you must be brave enough to spend days in the ocean as it scares me.", "Yep it is something requires a lot of patience.", "I bet it is as some ships spent months in ocean I heard."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "I am well thank you. I got brand new job today! I am a life coach", "Wow that is great, I use to be in the military.", "Wow, I love our soldiers. Thank you for serving our the country!", "I donate half of my check to different veteran charities.", "How nice! That is a wonderful cause.", "I also like to help out at my local pet rescue, I like like bunnies.", "Animals are wonderful. As a cancer survivor, my cat was always near me.", "My love the color blue, what is your favorite color?", "I love green. I just bought some green shorts to wear to a marathon.", "I like navy blue best of all the colors.", "Blue is nice. I wear blue sweats when I run. I love running, strengthens me.", "I work in a shipyard, that how I get my workout in.", "Nice! My parents are both very athletic. They encouraged me to stay fit."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Darlene. I am single.", "I am 43. I try to buy organic.", "I work online in data entry. I am a strong feminist.", "I like to travel. I mostly surf the internet. I use twitter frequently.", "I have nerver been to Spain. I just had solar panels installed."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Wanda. I am 60.", "I work in a library.", "I like to travel. I have been to Spain.", "I am not married, nor have any children. I will be retiring in a few years."], "current_conv": ["I found a new online dating platform for people in their 60's.", "That is neat.  I might take a look at it to see what's out there.  You think there are any takers for an ol' librarian like me?", "Absolutely! your a wonderful conversationalist. I'm sure you would make someone very happy", "We will see.  I have wanted to go travel when I retire.  I may go back to Spain.  Maybe.... you would like to go?  It would be a fun girls trip.", "Travelling to a place like Spain right now makes me nervous. Maybe better to stay in New England", "I get it.  Overseas travel can be worrisome.  So, if your not going overseas, where do you like to travel to?", "I mostly want to go to places where I won't run into people whose attitudes don't conflict with mine", "I see.  It makes sense.  I like to see the world as much as possible.  You get tired of reading about places in a library.  It creates a desire to see these locations.  I plan to go to Iceland soon also.", "Yes, Iceland sounds like a nice place. They are very insular and maintain a safe space for their residents. ", "Yes.  The views, I have read, are amazing.  Of course, I will have to try out this dating platform you found so I can have someone to share it with.", "Dating platforms are very popular. You would certainly have alot to choose from.", "I hope so.  I will be patient and take my time though.  I want to make sure it is someone I am compatible with."], "history_conv": [["Hi my name is darlene how are you?", "Hi good thank you. I'm wanda, age 60", "I am 43 and try to buy only organic products", "That is very good. I work in a library. How about you?", "I work online in data entry, and I am a strong feminist.", "Good for you! I love traveling... Do you like to travel?", "I do, but mostly I love to surf the internet, I'm an avid twitter user.", "Twitter is fun, yes. Ever been to spain? I've.", "No never, would love to, I recently had solar panels installed on my roof.", "That's a good thing to do. Do they work well?", "So far, they're new to me so we will see. Married or kids?", "No, neither. I will probably retire in several years, so probably will be lonely", "That is sad, are you looking? I'm single but looking.", "Kind of... But I'm 60, so I do not know how realistic it is", "Never to late, you are a catch! Look at it that way!", "Aw you are nice... I like your way of thinking"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have children.", "I have dogs.", "I am not a teacher.", "I prefer American sports to Disney."], "partner_persona": ["My parents take me to Disney World every year.", "I am a kid and I play on the playground. I am in third grade.", "I have seen the movie \"Frozen\"."], "current_conv": ["I have never been to Disney, but hope to take my children there someday", "How many kids did you save you have again? I have two brothers and a sister.", "I have two kids. One boy and one girl! They are my pride and joy! I am an only child. How long have you been in Karate for? And do you enjoy it?", "I'm not in karate! I think you might be thinking of another kid. I don't like karate. My older brother is in karate though.", "Ah my apologies! Have you seen Frozen 2 yet?", "Yes!!! I think it is as exciting as Frozen. But the songs in frozen are better. My favorite is do you want to build a snowman. But I know you don't like Disney that much.", "Yeah unfortunately I am somewhat unfamiliar with the movie but my children are obsessed with it! I really need to take them to Disney world as soon as possible!", "I am looking forward to our family's trip this summer soooooo much! Maybe you could talk to my Mom and we could all go together! Your kids would love it.", "I would love for my children to be able to experience the world of Disney! They would be ecstatic! Thank you for the offer! I look forward to talking about this with your parents!", "sounds fun. How old are your boy and girl?", "My son Is 4 and my daughter is turning 6 in a month! Crazy how time flies! I think you would get along with them great! How old are your siblings?", "Nine and six and five years old"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how is your day going?", "Awesome! My parents are taking me to disney world again this year. Every year!", "That sounds wonderful! Maybe I will take my children there too", "Do you let your kids play on the playground? I do that. It is fun!", "Yes, my dogs like to play with them on the playground.", "That's so cool! Mr morris, my third grade teacher, we have a class dog!", "That sounds amazing! I thought about becoming a teacher. I settled for it work.", "When I grow up, I want to sing the songs that I love from frozen.", "Why not sing them now? Time passes quickly.", "I want to be famous, like mickey mouse. He's my favorite. I love disney!", "I live near disney world in florida, in fact I own a house there.", "Do you sing songs from the frozen movie?", "No, I just watch the american sports that I enjoy.", "My parents said that karate is a sport. I take karate."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My husband is from Spain. My husband was adopted.", "I love adult coloring books.", "I have an old german shephard. My german shephard nibbles on my coloring books. My dog likes cats. My dog loves the farm.", "I live on a farm in a rural community. I work hard and then relax."], "partner_persona": ["I am a librarian. When I'm not working I go to Spain. I retire in a few years. I may move to Spain.", "I love adult coloring books. I'm in a group for planning and stickers. I am 60.", "I have an old farm house. I have cats.", "I enjoy watching the grandkids grow up. I enjoy hot tea. I enjoy the holidays.I love my life."], "current_conv": ["How old are your grandkids? ", "One is 5 and one is 3", "Awww, that is such a fun age. Have you taken them to the zoo recently? ", "We have actually never gone to the zoo before. We spend a lot more time in house than out. We love to color and do all kinds of crafts.", "I am finding a lot of fun things to do online. I feel that is the best teaching as well since it can be fun and educational all at once.", "It has been hard for me to get into the internet. You can call me pretty old school. Since i am a librarian, i really have a deep value for books. However, my grandson, the 5 year old, is teaching me a lot of things via his tablet. It really can be quite educational, and a lot of information very quickly.", "I do not understand how little ones knows so much about technology. I keep hearing that kids are the ones teaching the older generation and I have yet to see it to believe it. ", "Oh yes! Believe me, i would know nothing about the internet if it were not for my grandson! I usually sit down with a cup of tea and relax next to the grandkids, while they either play on their tablet or teach me how to use it. I definitely did not have anything like it while i was growing up. ", "I agree. I was lucky if it was my turn in school to even use the computer that day. And living on a farm also limits the amount of internet time I get. The other day we had a storm and I had no internet for weeks. ", "Wow! That must have been so difficult to handle. I am used to no internet, however, i think my kids and especially my grandkids would go crazy if they didnt have it for even a couple hours.", "haha I know! Some of us have been so dependent on internet that once everything is gone we do not know what to do with ourselves. Or at times I have heard of people taking it away as a form of punishment. ", "Yes! That is defintely what my daughter does to my grandkids! They really listen then!"], "history_conv": [["What do you like to do?", "Visit spain in my free time when not working as a librarian. You?", "Small world! My husband who is adopted is orginally from spain!", "How wonderful! I may move there in a few years when I retire.", "That would be great. As a librarian, do you like adult coloring books? I love those!", "Yes! I'm in a group for planning and stickers which seems silly at 60.", "Fun! I love the coloring books but they often get nibbled on by my german shepherd!", "Aw! What else do you like to do?", "We live on a farm. Being in a rural community means we work hard then relax!", "I love it! We have an old farmhouse but only have cats.", "My dog would enjoy your cats. He is old and too tired to chase anymore.", "He sounds like a sweetheart.", "Yes and he loves being on the farm. What else do you enjoy?", "Watching the grand kids grow up, hot teas, holidays. You name it!", "That sounds perfect and so relaxing!", "It is! I love this life."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My parents won't let me go on twitter.", "I want to surf with Micky Mouse. I'm a girl. I want to go to Disney World.", "I'm not old enough to shop for myself.", "I have lots of friends."], "partner_persona": ["I have a twitter account.", "I don't want to go to the playground. I'm busy surfing the internet all the time.", "I think women rule the world. I will be attending a feminist march later.", "I don't like Mickey Mouse because he is a boy. I have solar panels on my roof. I'm a fan of organic food."], "current_conv": ["Sorry I didn't make it to the playground. How are you friends. I hope you had fun without me.", "It's okay, I didn't want to go anyways but my other friends forced me. They're doing good, but I wish they understood that I'd rather spend time online than go to the playground.", "I wish I could spend more time online! I want to go on Twitter but my parents won't let me. You're lucky that you're allowed!", "I think it's because my mom wants me to learn about a lot of other people and how the world works. It's on Twitter that we found out about the feminist march happening later. You should ask your parents if you can join!", "Oh that sounds interesting, but I don't think they will let me go. They won't even let me go shopping by myself. ", "That stinks! I'll have to tell you about it in class on Monday then! Speaking of class, did you finish the homework assignment yet? I really wish we didn't have to write about Disney and Mickey Mouse!", "I can't wait to hear about it! Yeah I've done the assignment! I love Mickey Mouse so much and I really want to go to Disney World! This assignment has made me want to go even more! Don't you like Disney?", "No way, Mickey Mouse is boy! Besides, women rule the world, so why waste time writing about some old guy?", "But Micky Mouse is so cool! I still like him even though I'm a girl. Okay women rule the world but Mickey can join in too! I want to go surfing with him!", "Well you can go surf with Micky Mouse, and I'll stay on the beach surfing the web. Or maybe I'll go fishing so we can have fresh fish for dinner! Isn't organic food always the yummiest?", "Alright that's a plan. Eugh, I hate fish and I can't tell whether a food is organic or not. I just want to play with my friends.", "You can tell food is organic because it tastes fresh and crisp! But if you're not used to it, it can be hard to tell. Maybe at school we can play farmers and grow our own organic food!"], "history_conv": [["Do you want to go the the playground with me?", "Hi! Just finished my mega dose of twitter today. How about you?", "My parents won't let me on twitter. Maybe when I am in 5th grade.", "No can do on the playground. Too busy surfing the net all the time!", "You surf? What a cool kid. I want to surf with mickey mouse.", "Are you male or female? Women rule the world, you know!", "Yay! I am a girl. Will you go to disney world with me?", "No mickey mouse here he's a he! Besides, gotta pay for my solar panels.", "Are the panels on your house?", "Roof. Make sure at disney you only eat organic. That's the way to go!", "When I'm old enough to shop for myself, I'll.", "Good. Only buy organic, because its good for you.", "I will remember that. I should get back to the playground now.", "Have fun! And stay safe out there.", "I will. You can come if you want to. I have lots of friends.", "I will think about it. But I have a feminist march to attend later."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run at the park. I run a lot. I have no time to go to the gym. I am very busy.", "My husbands car is blue. Blue is my favorite color.", "I work for vegetarians and vegans.", "I just finished Narcos. I like to binge watch tv. I think Pablo is beautiful.", "I eat tofu. I chew meat and then I spit it out.", "I punch my sisters cat."], "partner_persona": ["I love cars.", "I work form home.", "I go to the gym with my girlfriends.", "I am lazy. I love to binge watch tv.", "I love Narcos. Better Call Saul is another favorite.", "My boyfriend has a girlfriend. They are judgmental about food."], "current_conv": ["What car is your favorite?", "My favorite car is Lamborghini. what about you?", "I'm not sure any more. I have lost interest in cars for the most part. I would love a Tesla though! Which Lamborghini do you like?", "Tesla is a good car for environmental. I like the aventador however I don't have money for that", "Not many people do! Being good for the environment is great and all but I just think the technology is the future and I'd like to play with it. But, they are out of my price range. ", "Yes, they are expensive however I know a person which the company help him to buy the Tesla, I don't know which was the company but I think it's very interesting. I think in the future, Tesla will have a better price", "The Tesla may be slightly more in reach than the Lamborghini, this it true. You get some good tax write off too I'm told. So, you liked Narcos?", "Yes, I like, what about you?", "I liked it a lot. Was a history lesson of sorts. I wish there were more of them!", "Yes, it is good for it. Do you like park?", "I do. The park is nice because of the lack of traffic. Automobile traffic that is. You can relax and pay less attention. Have a park near you that you frequent? ", "No, there isn't any park near me however I can drive to the closest park, I need a relax moment for myself."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! I am eating tofu while running around the park.", "Hi. That is an interesting combo! I love cars.", "Awesome, my husband has a blue car. That's my favorite color.", "That's neat. Where do you work? I have a great work at home job.", "I work for the vegetarians with vaginas organization.", "That's cool! I go to the gym a lot with my girl friends. They're great!", "I run a lot. No time for the gym. I'm a very busy woman.", "I'm lazy though sometimes. I love binge watching tv.", "I just got finished watching narcos. Pablo is a beautiful man.", "I love narcos! Better call saul is a favorite of mine as well!", "Sometimes I chew up meat but spit it out. Am I still vegetarian?", "Lol! I guess you could be. I'm not sure that all would agree though.", "I cannot let my coworkers find out. They will burn me at the stake.", "They should be more understanding. My boyfriend and his girlfriend are sometimes really judgemental about food.", "Sometimes I punch my sisters cat. Oh, are you polygamist?", "I'm. It is interesting. Honestly that is horrible! That poor cat.", "Yolo, you know what I mean?", "But..... The poor cat."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to dance.", "I was in a refuge camp in Somalia.My aunt rescued my sister and I. I was almost forced into marriage.", "I love the U.S. I love Freedom.", "I love going to stores.", "I love the food in America. My favorite food is fries. I have tried fries with melted cheese. I have also tried fries with gravy and cheese crumbles, curds."], "partner_persona": ["I love to dance and paint.", "I am a woman and mother of two.", "I was born in America."], "current_conv": ["Have you tried any new ways to eat fries? My might want to try chili cheese fries.", "No, I haven't tried anything different. I don't like chilli cheese. Tell me after eating it, if you like it", "I will definitely let you know. Have you been dancing recently?", "Yes, 5 days a week I dance. What about you?", "No, I have not done much dancing recently. What is your favorite style of dance?", "My favorite style of dance is samba. What about you?", "I think my favorite style is probably the waltz. It's so very fun to watch. Have you ever taken dance classes?", "Yes, I have because I am not good on dancing. What about you?", "You dance five days a week and have taken lessons but are not good at dancing?", "Yes, because I am learning. I am not a professional. ", "You don't have to be a professional to be good at dancing.", "Yes, I know, but I am not a good dancer, my friends laughed the last time they saw me dancing. Are you goog at dancing?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "Very late night here. I am good. How are you?", "I am doing well, thank you. I love to dance, now that I am out of danger.", "Dance is medicine. Painting used to be mine. What danger were you in?", "I was in a refuge camp in somalia, my aunt rescued my sister and I.", "I'm so sorry, but so glad you were both rescued and are safe.", "Thank you, I was forced into marriage, but that stopped before it started.", "As a woman and a mother of two, I'm so sorry, but glad that stopped. Too.", "I love the us. You are so lucky to have been born here.", "I do not take it for granted.", "My favorite thing? All of the different stores. The freedom.", "I'm happy for you that you get to enjoy what you deserve.", "Thank you. Also, the food is amazing. Fries are the best thing ever.", "Have you tried fries with melted cheese?!", "Yes, and those with the gravy and cheese crumbles, curds?", "Comfort food if ever there was one!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in the fields with my dad.", "I ride my horses. I listen to music while I work.", "I like rock.", "We grow food to help people. I'm a farmer."], "partner_persona": ["I still live with my folks. I'm in the 10th grade. I study biology and practice running long distance. I aim to run a marathon just like my dad.", "I listen to music while I do homework. I like rock. I have great grades.", "I want to train people. I want to do physical therapy for the injured or disabled."], "current_conv": ["Do you and your dad get along? ", "We get along really well, actually. I live with my Mom and Dad and Dad and I are training to run a marathon together this Summer. How long has your dad been a farmer?", "He has been farming his entire life. He grew up on a farm and I did also. Good luck to you and your dad in the marathon!", "Thank you! I might need it. I always listen to music while I run. We should go to a rock concert sometime, that's my favorite. There's a venue near your farm, if you want to go sometime.", "You are welcome! I have never ran a marathon. I love rock music and I get that from my dad also. We always listen to the great classic rock songs when we are farming. I would like to attend a concert with you anytime something is near enough for both of us to attend!", "Have you ever gotten hurt from riding horses? I can always help you with training, I want to get better so I can be a physical therapist for athletes like my Dad one day.", "Yes. I have been thrown a few times and only suffered minor injuries. I have had all the training I need, but Thank you! I've been riding horses before I could walk. I have a Bachelors degree in Biology and could also help you if the need ever arose.", "Oh wow! I love Biology. It's great to know how natural systems work. From running marathons to farming to riding horses, it's essential. Do you sell your crops mostly, or do you donate some of your food to the needy?", "We sell and donate our crops. We sell first and then we let anyone in the community or anyone come and harvest what they need for free. My Biology degree is helpful sometimes for the farming, but I have just alwats been drawn to the sciences and what makes thi", "What a rewarding and peaceful life! I am excited to graduate so that I can finally find something as fulfilling. I never even see fields here, just running tracks, parking lots, and sidewalks. We will have to go to that outdoor concert venue soon!", "I look forward to hearing about your graduation. How many semesters do you have left? Farming is a peaceful and rewarding environment. It feels good to know you are helping people to eat! You will have to visit our farm when we go see the concert together. I would like to show you around the farm and show you how things work. Let's make a date soon.", "I have three semesters left and then college for physcial therapy. I would love to learn what foods are healthiest and get some advice on nutritional facts since I am going into physical therapy/training. I have Spring break in two weeks. I'd love to come see the farm,if you're free!"], "history_conv": [["Howdy, haw are you this morning?", "I am cool thanks. You?", "I'm alright, just taking a break. Spent the morning working in the fields with dad.", "Nice, I live with my folks too. Only in grade 10 here.", "Aww just a young one. What do you like to do?", "Study biology and practice running long distances. How about you?", "Well I mostly enjoy riding my horses, but also listening to music while I work.", "That's the best. I do that whilst I do homework. My grades rule!", "That's awesome! Good job. What kind of music do you like?", "Rock music, it is good to work out too. I want to train people.", "That's what kind I like too! Training people? Anything like training horses?", "Physical therapy, helping the injured and disabled. It is my calling.", "Well that's a very noble profession. Helping people is good. That's why we grow food.", "Food is important, health is too. You are a farmer?", "Yes I'm, just like my daddy.", "Very cool. I'll run a marathon someday, like my father did."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Britney Spears.", "I like shopping.  I like to try new diets. I am on a low sodium keto diet.", "I don't know very much about country music.", "I have not seen the \"Cars\" movies."], "partner_persona": ["I sing country music.", "I can play guitar.  I like to go to national parks.", "Rascal Flats is my favorite band."], "current_conv": ["I ditched that Keto diet, it was too hard.", "Have you been to a rascal flats concert?", "I have!  I went once with my husband. They and Kenny Chesney went on tour together. ", "How awesome!! It must of have been so much fun,how long did you have to wait in line for those tickets?", "We bought the tickets online so we didn't have to wait in line.  We even had a Rascal Flatts song as our wedding song.  What is your favorite song by them?", "You dodged a bullet with that one, the lines for that must of been long. How nice your wedding must have been, I'm sure I would of loved it. I dont know any of their songs I mainly like britney spears. Did you sing at your wedding also?", "No I don't sing.  I like Britney Spears as well.  I actually like most music.  There's not much I don't like.  What song do you like from Britney?", "I think it's an older song called Hit me baby one more time, you know now that you mention it I think I've heard the latest Rascal Flats song and it sounds really catchy, do you know what it's called?", "Oh ya!  That was her first hit.  She had that video where she looked like a cheerleader.  I haven't heard the new Rascal Flats song.", "O too bad. I do like it though. All of her songs are my favorite, what's yours?", "I can't just pick one song, but I do really like her early stuff.  It reminds me of being a teen. ", "yea those were the days huh lol..me too"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you this evening?", "I am well, I just finished rehearsal. I sing country!", "Interesting! I am a big britney fan, she had a country album", "I know! Sadly, only people who are in the industry for a long time know that.", "True, so what are some of your hobbies or interests besides country?", "I like to play guitar and explore national parks!", "Me personally, I enjoy spending some expendable cash, and trying new diets", "What kind of diets have you tried?", "Lately mostly low sodium keto ones, hate to admit I'm on the high maintenance side", "That is alright, as long as you are passionate with what you like!", "Totally! Any interesting quirks you have?", "I like rascal flats, they're my favorite band.", "I honestly don't know too much about country music", "They sang life is a highway in the movie cars!", "I've never seen any of the pixar cars movies, a bit after my time", "I see, what are some of your favorite movies?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I take salsa dancing lessons.", "I have a lite brite. I think meditating sounds relaxing.", "I grew up in the 1980s. I love music by new kids on the block.", "I like to talk.", "I do not live near the northern lights."], "partner_persona": ["My religion is Buddhism. My spiritual journey is important to me.", "I'm non-verbal by choice.", "I live in Alaska. I meditate under the northern lights in Alaska."], "current_conv": ["My salsa teacher told me I was the best dancer in the class and invited me to a training class to become a teacher!", "Oh wow congratulations! Will that be a career opportunity for you?", "I would love for that to be my career one day! Does your religion allow you to dance? It can be used as meditation too.", "Yes! Dancing is a large part of Buddhism, so I'd like to do it more often. How often do you salsa dance?", "I go 2 times a week for class and 1 time a week for training class. I would love to go everyday but I can't. What type of dancing do you do? I would love to learn about it.", "3 times is pretty good, it seems like a good workout too! And I really enjoy line dancing with friends. Do you do any other types of dancing?", "Yes it is a great workout! I also love to line dance with my friends, we have so much in common, lol.", "Haha yeah we do! I'd love to take one of your salsa classes once you become a teacher! ", "That sound great! I will let you know as soon as I have my first class. Not to change the subject but what does non-verbal mean? Does that mean you don't speak and only write?", "Yes exactly! Basically I don't verbally speak but I use my phone to communicate with friends and family. It was difficult at first but I'm used to it now and have really enjoyed my non-verbal journey! Would you ever go non-verbal?", "I could give it a try, but I love talking so much. Does that affect your work or school?", "I work as a pilot but am currently on sabbatical so I haven't flown since I've been non-verbal. We will see if I'll continue when I go back to work. And yeah it sounds like it would be hard for you then lol"], "history_conv": [["I just got back from my salsa dance lessons", "That sounds like a really fun time. I was just meditating", "That is so relaxing. My lite brite patterns are relaxing too", "I'm buddhist, my spiritual journey relaxes me", "Cool beans. I am a 1980 kid and love new kids on the block", "I quit my job to devote more time to my spiritual journey", "That's cool. Maybe one day I will be good enough to teach dance", "I haven't spoken a single word in three months, this is the only way I communicate", "That must be hard. I would be talking to my lite brite!", "It is easy being in alaska, there aren't many people around", "Good point. Can you see the northern lights there?", "You can, I do enjoy meditating under them", "I dream of the northern lights when I play lite brite", "That sounds like a spiritual experience to me"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to eat pasta and garlic bread.", "I am athletic and won a gold medal at the Olympics. I like to watch gymnastics. I am a gymnast. I am obsessive about working out every day."], "partner_persona": ["I like shawarma.", "I live in Canada.  I am in the Army.", "I watch American football and my favorite team is the Steelers.", "I like to stay fit.  I have a family.", "I once had health issues from exercising too much."], "current_conv": ["Do you ever play fantasy football?  I know a lot of football fans like playing that.  ", "I tried it one season because a bunch of people at work were really into it. But, I have to say, I didn't really like it much. I'd rather just watch it and enjoy the games.", "I get that. So, you excited about Najee Harris? Think he was a good pick for the steelers?", "I think the kid has some potential. We'll definitely find out if he has what it takes in the NFL. He was solid at Alabama though.", "Those Alabama running backs have been a little hit or miss. But I think he should be decent enough. Hopefully Ben has something left in his arm right?", "Yeah, I think he has something left. I think the Steelers have four quarterbacks with the Rudolph extension deal.", "Hopefully someone works out then. Is it easy to watch the games from up there?", "I have like three different cable channels that cover the NFL up here. Probably not as good as in the states.", "Bet it's still easier than me trying to follow gymnastics in the states!", "I bet. How does one follow that sport as far as watching it on t.v.?", "They sometimes air the college championships. And then the olympic trials and actual olympics. It hit or miss otherwise.", "I always enjoy watching it when it comes around on the olympics. I really admire the strength in the rings event."], "history_conv": [["Hi what are you up to today?", "Hi I'm eating shawarma for lunch! Its my favorite", "Cool I am eating pasta and garlic bread. My favorite", "That sounds good too. What do yo do for a living", "Well I won gold medal in the olympics so I work out a lot", "Wow a gold medal that's great. I'm a in the canadian army", "Awesome what kind of sports do you like?", "I really like american football. I'm a steelers fan", "Awe I'm more into gymnastics", "That's cool. What event did you win the medal in", "Gymnastics. How do you spend your days?", "When I'm not working I'm exercising and spending time with family", "Cool I workout about 4 hours a day so that's the center of my life", "I use to workout like that but I became unhealthy from it", "How did it make you unhealthy?", "I did not eat enough to handle my workout so burnt more than I ate"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I hate school. I am 12 years old. I am an outcast at school because I am smarter than the other kids.", "Because of my red hair and blue eyes kids at school don't like me."], "partner_persona": ["My wife is a doctor.", "I am a professional tennis player.", "My wife and I own a three story house and have children.  We also have a dog."], "current_conv": ["What breed of dog you have?", "We have a black Labrador. Do you know what they look like?", "Hmm, not really sure besides being black. What do they look like then?", "They're medium-sized and have long black hair that sheds everywhere! Their paws are webbed so they are very good swimmers.", "Are they they kind of dogs that like to play? ", "Yes! They are retrievers. They love when you throw a ball into the water. They swim out and bring it back. Do you like to play with dogs?", "I've never had one so I don't really know. When I watch YouTube videos of people with dogs it looks like fun.", "Why don't you ask your parents if you can come to the lake with me and the kids and Bear (the dog). They could come too.", "They might freak out if they find out the dog's name is Bear.", "He's very sweet! I can talk to them about the dog if they want.", "Yeah, it would probably be a good idea. My parents are kind of protective and worry a lot.", "That's what parents do. I remember it can be annoying sometimes, but they just love you more than you can imagine."], "history_conv": [["Good evening, how are you?", "I am doing well. How are you?", "I am not doing so good.", "What is wrong? My wife is a doctor if you need help.", "For starters I can't stand school I hate it so much", "Oh, are you still in high school?", "No I am in grammer school and I am only 12", "I hated school too but I became a professional tennis player.", "A professional tennis player. Did you have friends in school", "Oh, so it is the people, not the academia, that you are having a problem with?", "I do not have friends because they think I'm too smart", "Oh, wow. I wish I had that problem when I was in school.", "They also don't like me because I've red hair and blue eyes", "Why? Redheads are beautiful! We keep on having red haired babies!", "Thank you but they don't like me much I don't know why", "I had problems in school. When you get older it does not matter.", "Thank you for the encouragement", "Now I own a three storey house with the love of my life, our babies, and my dog.", "I wanna be like you some day.", "You will. Probably better. Just keep working hard and don't listen to them!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 60.", "I am a librarian. I am near retirement. I love classical music.", "I like to read. I read on holiday.", "I sew and make clothes. I loom and crochet."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to classical music.", "I am a christian.  I like christian rock.", "I ride a tractor.  ", "I like camping. I like the outdoors. I have a sister.", "I cook on an open fire outdoors.", "I like the color red. I crochet."], "current_conv": ["Have you crocheted anything lately?", "I've been working on a baby blanket, but it's going very slowly. What about you? Any projects on the go?", "I'm making a blanket for myself. Being 60, I always feel cold and damp. So, it might help me to warm myself up. By the way how's your sister?", "She's doing great. The blanket is actually for her daughter who's pregnant. I'm sorry to hear you always feel cold and damp. I doubt you'd come camping with me!", "Oh I'd love to go, but I'm near my retirement now, so I am spending my time working for some more time till I'm unable to.", "I understand, but getting outside is a great way to balance out the work life. You can read while you camp! ", "Well, you're right. Let me see if I can make it happen. I'd love to go to camping if you will prepare me a nice dish.", "Oh, that's one of my expertise. Cooking on an open fire. I really do enjoy it. I will make something special. You can bring the books, okay?", "You know better than me that I never leave my house without my books.", "Yes, being a librarian, I bet you've got all the inside scoop on the good reads! I enjoy thrillers, but nothing too gory, please. ", "I don't like gore myself. I would rather prefer a suspense thriller murder mystery where the MC has to solve clues to get to the killer.", "Yes, and if you read carefully enough, you can solve the crime!"], "history_conv": [["Hello I am 60 years old", "Hi! I just sat down to listen to some classical music.", "I love classical music as a librarian its my favorite", "Being a christian I also like christian rock. Do you like to read?", "I love to read, I have been to spain and while there I read more than ever", "Never been there. I love to ride on my tractor. I love the outdoors.", "I'll be retiring in a few years, do you like camping?", "I do! I am very different from my sister. She is a pole dancer in a club.", "That is a big difference. When you camp, how do you cook?", "With a campfire and cast iron pans.", "I will love relaxing in nature.", "I just purchased a beautiful red sweater. Red is my absolute favorite color.", "That's perfect for the holidays. I love to sew sweaters and hoodies.", "I love to crochet! It is time to start thinking about the holidays!", "Yes, I sometimes use a loom for crochet too.", "I never used a loom but will have to try sometime."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am engaged.", "I have much to do before the wedding.", "I am a teacher.", "I am 24."], "partner_persona": ["I have superpowers. I can make time stop.", "I am a small girl. I am young."], "current_conv": ["How are you feeling now? Not too lonely I hope.", "I always feel good because I have superpowers.", "That's great! You are lucky. Are you excited to the flower girl at my wedding?", "I don't know, I'm pretty small and might not be a good flower girl.", "I think you'll be a great flower girl. That's why I asked you! We will practice so you can see how easy it is.", "What do we need to practice before the wedding? Am I going to carry big bags of flowers around?", "No. You will have a small basket of flower petals, and you get to toss them around. It's fun! We practice so we can see how much fun the wedding will be and won't be nervous that day.", "Yeah, it sounds like it might be kind of fun. I bet you are really getting nervous before your wedding.", "A little bit. Maybe I will trip! You're lucky that you can stop time. If you don't like the way you threw the petals you can stop time and pick them up and start all over!", "Or, if I see you starting to trip I can stop time, stop your fall, and get you to go again.", "That would be great! You'll be the best flower girl ever! ", "Yay!!! Maybe I could start a business of being the flower girl that stops time. "], "history_conv": [["Good morning! How are you?", "Hello! I'm lonely. How about you?", "I'm good. I'm sad to hear that you are lonely. Why is this?", "I'm the only one with superpowers. Others don't understand me.", "Are you allowed to tell me what your superpower is?", "I can make time stop. Have you ever wished for this before?", "I've never wished for this before. Why do you do it?", "I like to because although I am a small girl it shows my powers.", "I'm getting married this spring and need to plan a wedding. Can you help stop time?", "I can. Does getting married mean you don't feel lonely?", "I'm not lonely. I've a lot of things to accomplish before the big day.", "What else do you need to accomplish?", "Invitations, catering, photographer, venue, plus I'm a kindergarten teacher and need to create curriculum.", "That sounds very exciting and busy!", "How old are you? I am 24.", "I am still very young."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like shoes.", "I like nirvana.", "I listen to john denver."], "partner_persona": ["I have blonde short hair.", "I like jeans and leggings. I like shoes, shirts and nirvana shirts.", "I play games and listen to music on my PC.", "I listen to dolly parton."], "current_conv": ["What music you currently listening to.  Something country I am guessing.", "Dolly, of course! How about you?", "I do not hate Dolly! Good old school artist. I am actually listening to John Denver at the moment. ", "Dolly's having a concert this summer. Do you want to go with me?", "I appreciate the offer, let me think about it. I like her, but do not know I could do an entire concert. When and where is the concert?", "It's at the Boston Civic Center. She'll be there August 8-12. Are you planning to go to any concerts this summer?", "Well I am free then, give me a week to think about it? It may be fun. I do not have any concerts scheduled yet, so I may have to go with you>", "I'd love that! If you find any concert you'd rather go to, let me know. I could go to both. ", "I will have to do some research on upcoming concerts and find one. I love the idea! I go to Dolly, you go to one with me!", "Perfect! And don't worry, Dolly puts on a great show. And she's just adorable.", "Would you prefer something closer to John Denver genera or Nirvana ?", "Something more modern than John Denver could be fun."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you this afternoon", "Well, I have really short hair and it is blonde. How about yourself?", "Really sounds kind of cute though lol", "It is freezing outside, I enjoy wearing skinny jeans and leggings. And you?", "I am often gunning for new shoes lol", "Oh wow, me too. My favorite shirts are flannel ruffle sleeves and any nirvana band shirt.", "Really that's sick love them, can we talk rolls royce for a second", "Sure, I have super computer that I enjoy playing video games and listening to music on.", "K but that rolls royce ghost tho am I right", "Of course, it is the wallpaper for my computer", "Dang get me yo feels me?", "Yes. What music do you listen when driving your rolls royce?", "I listen to john denver cuz we rocky mountain high", "I love listening to dolly parton, with the top down so everyone can listen as well.", "Don't say the tops down say the boobies are out", "In my online role play game I always run around streaking, so all can watch and admire."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a baker.", "I worked at Petsmart but got fired.", "My mother died of Leukemia when I was two years old.", "I do not dance.", "I like small amounts of perfume."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog. My dog is a Border Collie named Larry.", "I work at Barnes and Noble. I am a Chemistry Graduate student.", "I like to dance.", "I don't think fashion is important."], "current_conv": ["How has Larry been doing in his classes?", "Larry loves his trainer! Of course, most of the training is for me. We owners need help...lol.. Do you own a pet?", "Nah, I don't. I've always thought about getting one but then I never do it.", "Pets are so rewarding but they require a lot of care. My parents don't want a pet of their own but they like spoiling mine. What kind of work do you do now?", "After I got fired at Petsmart I decided to go back to school. So, I'm a student now.", "It sucks to be let go of from a job but maybe it will put you on a journey doing what you like to do. What is your major? ", "I haven't pick one yet. I'm thinking about going computer science. How do you like Chemistry? I found that tough in High School. Might have just been my crappy teacher.", "I like chemistry! I just haven't found a job in that field that I want, so I am staying at Barnes and Nobles until I find a good fit. It pays the bills. Are you just taking the basic courses for now?", "That's kind of why I want to pick something like computer science, there are lots of jobs in that field. Yeah, just taking the basics for now until I make up my mind.", "Smart! My chemistry major is kind of the same. I started thinking about using my major in Forensic Science field. I would need to do some further training but I'm kinda burnt out on school. ", "You went to school for 4 years? That does seem like a long time so I better pick something that I enjoy or I'll burn out as well.", "Just be sure to stop and smell the roses once and awhile. What kind of thing do you like to do on your free time?"], "history_conv": [["Good evening friend, hows it hangin", "Hey there! I just got back from one of my dog agility classes.", "Yeah? How did that go and what the heck is it?", "It went great. My dog did awesome. What do you do?", "But what is dog agility class? Is that yoga for dogs? I bake bread at bakery", "The obstacle course for dogs. I compete with larry my border collie.", "I get it. I worked at petsmart for two years and then I got canned", "Ah too bad! I work at a barnes and noble. Chemistry grad.", "My mom had a chemistry degree she died from leukemia two years after I was born", "Oh man. That's terrible. You grew up with no mom.", "Docs said it was radiation poisoning. Something she was working on", "Wow. Bad luck. Do you dance by any chance. Weekends I do.", "Some kind of military creepy thing. Nah I don't dance are you kidding me? My dad does!", "I never dress up. Always casual. Fashion isn't important to me. How about you?", "Whatever do not really care I like perfume though if its subtle", "Well, it has been different chatting with you tonight. So long."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a cat. I love to watch birds with my cat.", "I do not eat meat.", "I am into animal rights.", "I have colourful hair. I am older.", "I don't enjoy holidays."], "partner_persona": ["I live with my mom and dad. I am 19. I would like to move out of my house.", "I work at Burger King.", "I enjoy hanging out with my friends. I don't drink or smoke."], "current_conv": ["I managed to take a trip out to see the birds with my kitty, it was great fun!", "That sounds nice. Did you see any rare species while you were out bird watching?", "There is a bald eagle nest near my house which we went to visit.  Have you ever seen a baby bald eagle before? ", "Wow that's great. No I haven't seen any Eagles let alone a baby. That must be amazing to see out in the wild. are they dangerous?", "As long as you don't get to close they aren't too dangerous.  That's why binoculars are a birder's best friend! We watch from afar. ", "Well I was going to say isn't watching bird's with your cat a little bit dangerous for the birds? but to be honest I'm starting to worry for your cat LOL.", "My cat is lazy and doesn't like to walk on her own. I have a stroller for her.  She is totally spoiled! Do you have any pets? ", "You have a stroller for your cat?! that sounds so crazy. I think she is spoilt yes. I'd love a snake but by parents won't allow me to have one. As soon as I get a place of my own I'll definitely get onw. ", "She's my baby since my kiddos are grown now.  Snakes are interesting pets. I don't think I could feed a pet snake mice. But if you have the stomach for that, I'm sure they make fun pets.", "Yeah actually I know what you mean. I couldn't French a snake live mice. They would have to be captive bread frozen nice I think. I wouldn't get a large one, just a corn snake or something.", "I've never heard of a corn snake before. Sounds like you've put a lot of thought into getting a snake. I hope you can get one soon!", "Yeah me too! they are quite small snakes so quite easy to look after, at least that's what I've read."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! Sitting on the porch with my kitty.", "I'm wishing I could go out with my friends but mom and dad won't let me", "Awww! I'm sorry! Where do you want to go?", "I want to move out so I can have fun with my friends whenever I want", "I like to have fun with my furry friends.", "Like your pets? Or are you a furry who dresses up?", "Animals. And I love to watch birds with my kitty.", "When I have extra time I work at burger king. Its kind of gross", "Yuck! Animals for food! Phooey!", "Oh are you a vegetarian or vegan?", "I'm into animal rights, so of course I'm!", "I'm more focused on my friends. I don't drink or smoke like they do though", "Well, I'm older than the hills! But I've colorful hair!", "I'm only 19 but definitely ready to move out on my own", "Be careful what you wish for. Holidays are coming, and I get blue.", "Why do you get blue around the holidays?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Stephanie. I am a little girl.", "I love playing with my dolls. I love ripping the heads off my dolls.", "I would love to play soccer but not good at it.", "I have two turtles, one called shi nae nae, another called water melon drea."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Eduardo. I am 13 years old.", "I have an older brother.", "I like sports. I like playing soccer.", "I own a giraffe called Earl."], "current_conv": ["Have you been on any adventures with your pet giraffe Earl this week?", "Yes, I took him to the soccer field with me and he watched me practice! How are the turtles?", "They're good. I set up a race for them today. Water Melon Drea won. Can you ride your giraffe?", "No he is too small to ride! Do your dolls still have their heads?", "I still have them, but they're not on the dolls. They don't mind. Can you teach me to play soccer?", "I would love to teach you to play soccer.  Its so much fun! Do you a soccer ball?", "Yes. I am really bad at it. You might not want to play with me.", "You don't have to be good as long as you don't mind running a lot!", "I love running! I am very fast.", "Then you could be a forward and score all the points", "I want to score all the points and be the star. Do you think you can beat me in a race?", "Probably not but we could race like your turtles!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, my name is stephanie and I'm a little girl, who are you?", "My name is eduardo and I'm thirteen", "I love playing with my dolls specifically because I like ripping their heads off.", "That is not ok, my older brother used to do that", "It is not ok but it is fun, especially after you throw the heads at a fan", "Wow lol! Stick to sports! I play soccer!", "I'd love to play soccer, but I fall everytime I try to kick the ball", "That's not good! Practice your balance!", "Maybe I get my pet turtle to play soccer instead of clumsy me lol", "Lol that would be really funny to watch", "My pet turtle would do better than me playing soccer so yes lol", "Lol, what is his or her name?", "Her name is shi nae nae, do you own one?", "No I just own a giraffe his name is earl", "And my other turtle name is water melon drea", "Interesting names! How did you come up with those?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy reading. I am learning to speak Spanish and French. I am a good cook.", "My favorite Spanish word is \"trabajo\".", "I like to play games. I enjoy playing Mario Brothers. I have Call of Duty in Spanish.", "My favorite band is aerosmith."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy eating donuts while driving. I ate 12 donuts at once before.", "I speak Spanish. I enjoy playing games and my favorite is Call of Duty.", "I like role playing on weekends.", "I own a ford pinto. My car is brown with pink dots.", "My favorite band is Insane Clown Posses."], "current_conv": ["I got tickets to see Aerosmith live today! How you seen any live bands before?", "I've seen ICP live before but not anyone else. I'm surprised Aerosmith is still doing tours.", "I know, right? They're ancient. But I heard they still put on a good show. What are you doing this weekend?", "I've got a roll playing session scheduled for this weekend. The system and setting we're using is pretty fun. Takes place in a future where magic becomes real.", "That sounds cool. Can I join?", "We could always use more people if role playing is your thing. I could help you learn about the settings and rules and help you come up with a character.", "Thanks! I've done some role-playing, but it would help if you fill me in. How many people do you play with?", "We have about 3 players (myself included among them) and the GM. We actually run a few different games so other players can take turns being the game master.", "Do you want to come for pizza Thursday night and you can show me?", "That sounds great! I'll bring over a copy of my rulebook and we can see if this is something you would like to try out.", "Sounds good. I'll order. Sausage and peppers still your favorite?", "You know it! You should try and brainstorm character ideas in the mean time. You can be pretty much anything you want."], "history_conv": [["I love to read. I taking spanish and french and I'm good cook.", "Hi I love to eat donuts while driving in my ford pinto.", "Great! Trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word. You speak spanish or french.", "Yes spanish do you play games? I like call of duty", "Yes I play mario brothers. Do you know how to say where are you in spanish?", "No, but I roll play on the weekends", "Oh wow! What color is your pinto? Wee means yes in french.", "Brown with pink dots, do you got a favorite band?", "Aerosmith! I have the call of duty game for my console but it is in spanish.", "My favorite band is insane clown posses.", "Rose is spanish for the word pink. Did you know that?", "No what is donut in spanish?", "I've no clue but it would not translate here anyway.", "Haha to funny. I once ate 12 donuts didn't feel great.", "Wow! What did you wash them down with?", "Soda and candy was playing call of duty heavy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy fresh vegetables.", "I have a weimaraner dog.", "I go to church on Sundays.", "I wouldn't like to live in Europe. My favorite place to visit is Australia.", "I travel with my family. I enjoy walking outdoors."], "partner_persona": ["I can cook Paella. I enjoy fresh vegetables, Fish and Chips.", "I am a college student studying art.", "I like to visit Europe. My favorite European country to visit is Italy. I haven't been to Australia.", "I enjoy sailing. I am related to Columbus."], "current_conv": ["Are you planning any trips for your upcoming summer?", "Going to try and schedule another European tour if I can manage it. I'll probably visit Italy again and a few surrounding countries.", "I would love to take my family to Italy for the summer. When did you go there last?", "It has been about a year or two since my last visit. You and your family should really try to visit Italy at least once. Venice, Rome, Naples you can't go wrong.", "We love Italian food and would go just to taste REAL italian cooking, haha. The sites would be a bonus. So being related to Columbus is why you enjoy sailing? A family love of the water?", "Maybe. I was raised around water so I developed a pretty natural affinity towards it. No idea if Columbus' genes are so strong that they would have compelled me to sail and travel if I was raised a bit differently.", "I was raised around water also but would much rather be on land. What kind of art are you studying in college?", "I'm learning about all different kinds at the moment to learn about various styles. Everything from Rembrandt to Picasso.", "That sounds amazing yet difficult. I think I will stick with learning more about gardening and the outdoors, haha. How much longer do you have in school?", "Only about a year or so left until I earn my bachelors. Gardening is a pretty nifty skills to have. Artistry is nice but it notoriously doesn't always put food on the table.", "When you earn your degree will you go on to teach others? Gardening gives an amazing feeling of accomplishment  for sure!", "I don't really plan to be a professor, at least not right away. I'll have to see where the future takes me."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "I am good, I just made a huge pot of paella. How are you?", "I'm great, do you use fresh garden veggies, I love fresh veggies", "I love fresh veggies! Although, I'm a sucker for a good fish and chips!", "Fish! That sounds like a pet, do you have any pets, I've a dog, a weimaraner", "I am in college, I cannot keep a pet. Do you like to travel much?", "I do not travel much, I teach so my only time off is in the summer", "I understand. I'm an art major, so I live for the summer.", "How are your weekends, I spend sunday at church.", "Weekends, I am usually busy with school. On my long breaks though, I visit europe.", "Europe is beautiful, I couldn't live there though I hear women do not shave.", "Most women do shave. My favorite country to visit is italy. What is yours?", "Australia, the ocean there is beautiful.", "I have never been there. Perhaps some day. Do you travel alone?", "No I travel with my family, do you enjoy outdoor activities, I love to just walk.", "I enjoy sailing very much, I am related to columbus, so its in my blood."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a roommate.", "I'm planning on getting a dog in the spring.", "I have a job.I am a nursing student.", "I know how to make soup."], "partner_persona": ["My dog is a Shiba named Gabriel.", "I enjoy knitting. I learned how to knit from my grandmother when i was young.", "I enjoy baking cookies. I volunteer my baking skills for a county bake sale."], "current_conv": ["How were the cookies you made last week?", "They were delicious, thank you. I made some chocolate chip cookie dough and I freeze it in individual cookie shapes. That night, I only cooked two for me. then I won't over eat. Do you like cookies and if you do, what kind is you favorite?", "Yes I like cookies, chocolate chip are my favorite. How long did it take you to make them?", "I take the amount i want out of the freezer and bake them for about a minute longer than if I baked them from unfrozen. About 13 min. I watch them so they won't  burn. How has work been?", "It's been busy, but I like busy. It makes the time fly. How's your worbeen?", "I had a lot of overtime this week at the office. My dog was missing me. You mentioned that you may get a dog next spring, what kind of dog are you wanting?", "I would like to get a golden doodle. I had one years ago and he was great. How old is your dog?", "Gabriel is 3. I have seen those golden doodles in pictures but I have yet to see one in person. I hope you find a reputable breeder to get the dog. Do you think there is a long waiting list?", "I don't think so. I'll have to find out. What kind of things do you like to knit?", "I am currently working on a sweater dress. I saw the pattern about 2 years back and I saved it until I felt confident to try. I am making it a smokey grey and I hope to be done by next winter. I bet your work and college leave little time for hobbies. What kind of hobbies do you like or wish to do?'", "I like cooking and golfing. Don't get much golfing in though. Hopefully soon thought.", "It is a great time of year to golf, I hope you get to do that soon"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing tonight?", "Doing dandy. What are you doing right now?", "I just got off work. What are you doing?", "Just baking some cookies for a light night snack! I love baking cookies!", "That sounds good. My roommate and I just made left overs!", "Oh wow, my doge just came onto my lap.", "What kind of dog do you have?", "A shiba. His name is gabriel.", "That is fun! I'm getting a dog next spring.", "That is pretty cool. What do you do as a hobby?", "I am currently in school to become a nurse.", "Ahhh. Well, I love to knit, my grandma had taught me to knit since I was little!", "That is a great hobby. What do you do for a job?", "Well, when I have spare time, I always help out at the county wide bake sale.", "I wish I knew how to bake. I can cook soup well.", "Same, I try to present the cookies I can to the sale."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I support animal causes.", "My hair is rainbow colored.", "I have cats as pets."], "partner_persona": ["I have a job. I graduate from Yale in 2011 at 9 years old.", "I live in Manhattan, New York.", "My parents work as bankers.", "I have a bamboo. I drive a BMW."], "current_conv": ["I could find any information on someone graduating Yale at 9. Is that really true.", "Yes you can. By the way how did you color your hair like that? By yourself or went to a salon for it?", "I went to a salon, they do a better job than I would do. What did you study at yale?", "I did Electrical engineering and computer science at Yale.", "Wow that is very advanced for age 9! I believe you though. What do you do for a living now? ", "I work for an MNC. It's a bit tough out here but I manage somehow. What is your cat's name?", "That sounds like it could be hard work. Does your job relate to what you studied at yale? My cats name is tyson, he has grey hair and is very cuddly. He loves people!", "Yes, it deals with building software's for corporations. I myself am a dog person but my spouse adores cats.", "That must be helpful to continue your work in your field of study. What about your job is the toughest? I am a cat person myself but I truthfully love all animals!", "Sometimes our clients requests are over the top. They must b =e thinking that creating a software is an easy job and they ask for features which can only be done with a specific hardware. But they keep on insisting that it will work through coding.", "That sounds so frustrating. Unfortunately, I think people don't understand how hard jobs are that require providing a service. Most of those clients of yours should give your job a try and see how it goes. How long have you and your spouse been together?", "Around 12 years now and still going strong."], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you have any hobbies? I spend my time fighting animal causes", "No, I have a real job and a 2011 degree from yale", "Wow impressive. Not sure you'd be impressed with my rainbow coloured hair", "Hey, I never said that! I'm from manhattan, I'm used to that.", "We could get on then! You must be quite young?", "Yes, I graduated from yale at the age on 9.", "Genius! I have reached the age where I no longer say. Any family?", "My parents are bankers, they are training me to take money from helpless goyim.", "Are they succeeding? I find the holidays depressing just me and the cats. Any pets?", "I keep my pet monkey bobo in the trunk of my bmw", "Bit cruel? I watch birds with my cat maybe that's cruel as well?", "It is ok, I feed bobo cats. It is the circle of life.", "Cheery and I told you how I fight animal causes. What makes you laugh?", "That's a good question. My family was generally humorless."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in a juvenile detention center. I was arrested for shoplifting. My sentence lasts another month."], "partner_persona": ["I started a new job at the gas station.", "I like plants and gardening.", "I am adopted.", "I am scared of clowns.", "I am single but my dad keeps trying to get me to go on dates."], "current_conv": ["Have you done much gardening lately?", "I am in my garden everyday", "lucky you, I am in a detention center everyday", "how do they treat you in detention center?", "I have been treated better. If you keep to yourself, they would leave you along", "you need to straighten out and dont steal, not worth it", "stealing is fun, especially if you don't get caught.", "not fun, not nice! no one would ever trust you", "don't care what others think. I am going to do what I want to do.", "better to ask for help if your having a hard time, there are people who do help", "no one helps without wanting something. So where to you live? you have any nice stuff?", "npt everyone wants something to help another, maybe as you get older youll realize that too"], "history_conv": [["Hey, it is nice to chat with you today. How are you doing?", "Doing well, just got off of work at my new job at the gas station.", "Oh nice. Do you like it there? I am actually chatting from a juvenile detention center.", "It is a job for now. I really prefer working with plants and gardening.", "Ah, I understand. I wish I had thought like you before I decided to shoplift.", "How long do you have to stay in the center? My parents would kill me.", "I am here for another month. My parents were pretty upset about the whole thing.", "My parents adopted me when I was young. They were older and old fashioned.", "Ohh. I'm pretty luck I'd say. My mom is visiting me tomorrow.", "That is awesome. Are you scared there? I'm so scared of clowns.", "I was to begin with. But it is better now.", "Maybe you can date when you get out. My dad tries to get blind dates for me.", "Oh, interesting. How do the blind dates usually go?", "I haven't gone on one yet. He just keeps trying to set me up."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 2000 followers on Twitter. I love the internet. I love social media. I am on Facebook.", "I have no pets.", "I am a woman. I live in a city."], "partner_persona": ["I am older than 30. I don't like Twitter.", "I am on Facebook. I have two dogs.", "I am single.", "I live in a city. I don't drink.", "I like chess."], "current_conv": ["How are your dogs? ", "My dogs are doing great! I took them out for a walk today it was gorgeous weather. What is your favorite part about twitter?", "Well, I don't actually have dogs so not great I suppose. How large of a city do you live in?", "I live in a pretty large city in the Pacific Northwest. Not too big though its the right size for me. Do you live in a big city?", "Not too big. I live on the East Coast. It's perfect for my family. Do you spend a lot of time on social media?", "I spend little time on social media. However, I do enjoy checking in on people I know on facebook. What do you like to do on social media?", "I mostly chat for work. Occasionally I take and post pictures of my kids. And find groups of people with similar interests.", "That is the part of social media that I do enjoy. It is cool that we have the ability to find so many people that have the same interests. Do you get paid to chat on twitter because you have so many followers?", "I don't. I wish I did though. I never mind making a little extra money.  Ya know, I've never played Chess. Is it hard to learn?"], "history_conv": [["I finally hit 2k followers on twitter!", "Congrats! Do you use twitter a lot?", "Oh, all the time. I'm a huge internet junkie. Facebook, twitter, etc.", "I never got into twitter, probably because I'm a little older than 30.", "Not much of an internet person?", "I can be sometimes but mostly facebook. I post a lot of picture of my dogs.", "How many dogs do you have?", "I have two dogs. Do you have any pets?", "No, I cannot afford pets right now. Organic pet food is super expensive.", "It is, but I'm single so I don't mind spending the money.", "Someday I will afford it. It is hard to get a good job as a woman here", "Where do you live right now?", "I live in a big city", "Me too but it is hard being in a big city when you don't drink.", "Oh, I can imagine, drinking is a big culture thing", "It is, but I have other hobbies like playing chess."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from Canada.  I am an apprentice electrician.", "I help my parents on their farm.", "I am outside a lot. I do not love the outdoors.", "I love trucks. I like to drive around and listen to country music."], "partner_persona": ["I am in Colorado.  I am outside a lot. I love the outdoors. I hike when it is not cold.", "I love farms.  I work behind a desk.", "I rock climb after work.", "I have a lab trooper dog. My lab is black and hangs his head out my trucks window."], "current_conv": ["Have you been able to go on a hike lately?  Do you take your dog with you?  What is his name?", "My dog is named Max and yes he goes hiking with me.  He loves to chase deer.  I'll bet yall have some big deer in Canada. ", "Max is a very nice name! We do have big deer here, I see them quite often in the woods surrounding my parents' farm. Where do you usually go hiking at?", "I undwind after a hard week at the office by going to my cabin by the lake.  It is at the foot of the South Axe Mountain.  Do the deer eat your crops?   ", "Wow, that sounds very nice. I like to unwind by driving my truck around town, but if I enjoyed the outdoors more I would probably like to relax at a cabin like that. The deer are actually quite timid. They usually don't come close to the farm, and they mostly eat the berries and shrubs that grow in the woods.", "Really? I have always heard that farmers have a hard time keeping the deer out of the crops.  ", "Yup, the ones around here are not bothersome, which is quite nice. I think they get scared off from all of the loud noises the farm equipment makes. Are there lots of deer in Colorado too?", "Well I guess it's a good thing they are scared of tractors and such! Yeah I see them quite often around here.    ", "It is a good thing for us! What other kinds of wildlife have you come across on your hikes? I've heard Colorado has a ton of wild animals.", "oh yeah, turkeys, goats, bears, mountain lions.  You name it and we've got it.  That's one of the things I love about my state.  But tell me about the animals on your family farm.", "Wow, such a wide variety! Very cool. We mostly grow crops on the farm, but we do raise chickens and a handful of cattle. The fresh eggs and milk make it all worth it."], "history_conv": [["Phew. That was a tough day out in the cold.", "It is cold here too, where are you from?", "Canada. I am an apprentice electrician, so lots of time outside.", "Oh wow! I am in colorado, I am outside a lot too.", "Colorado would be cool to visit. Lots of trucks there, I love my trucks!!", "I mostly hike when the weather is nice, but too cold now!", "Yeah getting cold. Gotta help my parents on their farm soon.", "I love farms, I am behind a desk, since I am an engineer.", "That must be more interesting then fiddling with wires outside all day in the cold.", "Maybe I try to get the stress out by rock climbing after work", "Seems like you love the outdoors, wish I could say the same.", "I do. What do you like to do?", "Mainly just driving around in my truck to work sites, listening to country music!", "If I had a truck, I could take my lab trooper all over everywhere!", "Nothing like a dog and a truck!", "Yes! He is a black lab, would hang his head out the window."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog walking business.", "My father went to law school. My father was a door to door salesman at one point.", "I am in an open poly relationship.", "I love to go swimming naked. I prefer swimming naked to rollercoasters. I first swam naked because of a bet."], "partner_persona": ["I watch Food Network.", "I am unemployed. I recently moved to Germany.", "My hobbies are roller coasters and skydiving.", "I am in an open poly relationship. I am a terrible swimmer. My partners like to swim. I do not want to swim naked.", "I do not follow sports."], "current_conv": ["These open poly relationships can be so complicated. I think mine is breaking apart. Have you had that happen?", "I have had that happen before. Poly relationships are extremely complicated to make them work for long periods of time. How long have you been in this poly relationship?", "My relationship has been going on for about 3 months now. It's still really new and we're just trying to work everything out and establish boundaries and such. What about your relationship?", "Setting boundaries is the most important foundation in my opinion. Also, as much as you are comfortable communicating, you should be. My relationship has been going on for about a year. We have had our ups and downs as well. Nobody is perfect! I am very curios, when was the last time you went swimming naked?", "A year!? Well, congrats to you then. That's incredible. The last time I went swimming naked? Hmm... About a week ago, actually. Nothing is more freeing and calming, honestly. ", "Thank you! Hey my hats off to you for having that kind of bravery. I still don't think I could bring myself to swim naked. What bet did you lose to make you go swimming naked for the first time?", "My partner and I made a bet about who could run the fastest mile. We were working out together one day and were just fooling around. Well, I lost the bet and had to swim naked later that night! ", "Haha that is a fun story to tell though! Those are the moments you will never forget. Hey, does your father still have connections for his door to door sales job he used to do? I could use a referral I am looking for work. ", "Absolutely. It's times that like make life worth living, right? And I'm not sure if my father still has those connections, but I'd be happy to ask him for you! I will be seeing him next weekend because it is his birthday. ", "Well happy birthday to him! How old will he be turning? Also, thank you for be willing to ask. I don't want to be a burden.", "It's no problem at all, I assure you. He will be happy to help! I will be sure to text you as soon as I speak with him. He will be turning 65 this year. Can you believe it?", "Wow good for him! Please tell him happy birthday for me and cheers to 65 years of a beautiful life! Going to law school on its own is already such an accomplishment. Does he ever talk about his time in law school?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you doing?", "Guten tag! I watching some food network.", "O ok I am just checking my app for tomorrow I've a walking business for dogs", "That's good! I am still finding work from my move from germany.", "My dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school", "That's cool. Right now, I spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving.", "I tend to go out alot since I am in a open poly relationship", "I am too! My partners love to go swimming, but I am awful at it.", "I love swimming and skinny dipping lol", "I prefer my roller coasters and thrills.", "Haha try it first I like the thrill of it better than a roller coaster", "I am less than a novice swimmer. I excel at drowning.", "Omg never mind I did it the first time because I lost a bet", "That's interesting. What was the bet?", "That the cubs would loose last year at the world series lol", "Ah. That is a tough bet. I do not follow sports."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a farmer.", "I smoke cigarettes. I ride horses.", "My father is a farmer. His farm was used for a CIA operation.", "I own 3 arabian horses."], "partner_persona": ["I smoke. I have a mustache.", "I worked for the CIA.", "I believe in aliens.", "I think I live on the moon."], "current_conv": ["Do the aliens visit you on the moon?", "They visit me her often. Sometimes it gets a bit crowded so we send them away. Have you ever encountered an alien on your farm?", "No, not directly, but my neighbor John thinks one of his cows was abducted. Do you have any aliens visiting you currently?", "Really? I will have to ask around and see if I can get them to return John's cow. I know they can be expensive. No, not currently. I am traveling for work so I am not on the moon right now. ", "Thank! I'm sure John will appreciate it. Where are you traveling? If you are allowed to say. I know you CIA folk can be secretive.", "If I share that with you, it could mean trouble for the both of us. Ask your father, I'm sure he recalls how secretive these operations can be. Speaking of which, how are the horses doing? I know that operation was stressful on them and the farm.  ", "They are doing okay now, but one of them is actually pregnant! You have any experience with pregnant animals?", "Oh wow! That is great news! I dont have any experience with pregnant horses. We dont have any horses on the moon because of the gravity situation. Are you still able to them in that condition? "], "history_conv": [["Good evening, how are you?", "One time I had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire", "I was tending the fields one day and set a fire", "But I later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that", "I fell of a horse with a lit cigarette setting fire to the dry weeds", "I use to work for the cia and I caught a russian spy, not personal", "My father had his farm used for a cia operation once.", "Man a horse can kick you so hard, you go flying", "I know I have 3 arabian horses.", "I am not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens", "The aliens did what to you?", "Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for africa", "Are you currently living in africa?", "I live on the moon", "How is it there? How long have you been there?", "One time I had this old peanut butter and I used it to seal my car engine"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not use facebook. I am 8 years old.", "I got a Mickey mouse toy from santa last year. I visit Disney world often. My favorite ride at Disney is Splash Mountain."], "partner_persona": ["I have a job at a nursing home. I use facebook alot.", "I have an 8 year old son. My wife left me.", "I don't believe in god."], "current_conv": ["How is your son doing today?", "he is doing well, just doing what 8 year olds do", "I definitely understand that, LOL. I bet he loves Disney channel just as much as me. Does he?", "he does not seem to watch much TV. He is either on his phone or playing Fortnight on the computer", "I Love playing fortnite too, hes my age so I definitely understand his appeal to it.", "yea, it seems like all of you kids like that game. Are you going to visit Disney this year?", "Yes! I love to go to Disney and I cant wait to go to Splash Mountain again..however I might try some new rides too this time", "we went to Disney last year. I posted some pictures on Facebook. You should check them out", "I cant I dont use facebook at all but man you should send me the Disney pictures through phone, I'll show you my Mickey Mouse toy from Santa too", "I do not know how to send over the phone. I need to get my son to do that for me", "Oh , he might not know at that age. My parents , during the Disney trip, taught me a lot of how technology works.", "yea kids always are better at learning technology that grownups"], "history_conv": [["Hi, want to get to know each other?", "Yes, I've a job at a nursing home and on facebook a lot.", "I can not have a facebook account yet. I am 8", "I have a son who is 8 he lives with his mom, she left me.", "That's sad, but I bet he gets two christmas days each year", "Yes he does, even though I don't really believe in god.", "That's fine santa will still visit him. Santa brought me a big mickey last year", "How cool! Mickey is a pretty cool dude.", "Oh yeah! We go to disney world a lot. I love splash mountain", "That's cool I do not go to parks I need to lose weight.", "You could still go. They have those cool wheelchairs you can borrow", "Oh, I'm not a very happy person I'd just bring everyone down.", "Oh no the park makes you happy. It is the happiest place on earth", "Well maybe I will plan a trip with my kid next year.", "That's a great idea! He will like you more than his mom", "Oh that would be cool, I hope he love us both though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a 1999 Red Ford Mustang with 40,000 miles on it."], "partner_persona": ["I just went to an AFP conference.", "I live in Manhattan. My parents are rich bankers.", "I have a limited edition BMW."], "current_conv": ["How many Limited Edition BMW did BMW make?", "im not sure but guessing about 2000 or so", "Are you going to any more conferences anytime soon?", "no conrences for me! But let me tell you, your car sounds awesome, id like that in my collection", "Ha! You're being too nice. She doesn't have many miles on her but she's not all that special really. How many cars do you have in your collection?", "are those true miles, has it already gone around once? i have 4 cars! and 2 motercycles!!", "Those are true miles! I got her off the lot brand new with only a couple miles on her at the time. I bike to work to stay in shape so the car is only used on the weekends. Four cars?! Where do you keep them all?", "I have a storage garage near the house, i love them all but exs[ecially my limited edition BMW", "It's nice that's your storage garage is near your house. Do you take them out often or do you try to keep the miles down to a minimum?", "I use them all, depends on my mood or where im going, i really need to lighten my load. ", "Makes sense. Nothing is quite as relaxing as getting out on the open road and just driving. What's been weighing so heavily on you?", "Insurance cost! So far i dole out alot of money for no good reason and have never filed a claim. Thats why i need to sell some"], "history_conv": [["Hey what is going on?", "Things are going well. I just flew back from the afp conference.", "Awesome, was the conference fun?", "The usual pomp and pompous. The key note speaker dragged on about banking regs", "Bummer! But conferences can suck but someone has got to do it.", "Not too many yale degrees there though, the industry is degrading!", "It is getting cold here where are you?", "Manhattan is starting to feel the chill but I'm used to it.", "I hear you though it seems we are all underpaid.", "You just have to have drive and it does not hurt to have rich banker parents.", "Yes that's true lol", "Have you seen my new bmw? It is a limited edition model. What do you drive?", "99 ford mustang red 40k miles", "Oh. So, have you heard that chase is having liquidity focus groups?", "Interesting just who will be the target market for that", "Trade leaders are feeling the pinch and want disguised bailouts.", "They already had one bailout", "Cash is king baby, cash is king!", "Yes it is bitcoin will be king soon?", "Not if the banks have anything to say about it. They will crush that tin market.", "They will try to acquire it. Lol", "Already in the works my friend. They are infiltrating and will derivative it out of existance.", "I can see that happening", "See you at the next fundraiser, this has been fun."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Alabama.", "I volunteer at the local dog shelter.", "I have a brother and three sisters. My brother hunts. My sisters do not hunt.", "I have dogs. I take my dogs hiking.", "I like cooking. My favorite food is tacos. I like seafood. It is hard to find fresh seafood here."], "partner_persona": ["I build houses. I prefer cooler temperatures.", "I like cats. I have 5 cats.", "I love outdoor activities like attending sporting events, but I also like reading and cooking. I like hunting and fishing.", "My favorite food is steak and fresh crab legs.", "I live 13 miles from the beach."], "current_conv": ["I finally found a place to buy some good quality fresh seafood.", "Awesome! What's the name of this place?", "Uncle Petey's. Terrible name right? But the food is worth it.", "LOL sometimes the worst names are the ones you can't forget! I'm guessing they're located near the coast?", "Yeah. They ship it in very fast. Get's to my town 100 miles inland by the afternoon. Jealous of you being so close to the beach though", "That's impressive. That means you will get the catch of the day the same day. Living close to the beach has its perks but also drawbacks", "Really? What are the drawbacks? Maybe I need to rethink my dream house.", "Well it all depends, right? Is it a vacation home or a place to retire? No drawbacks in there for sure. But when you're still far from retirement living in this area can get very expensive due to the influx of tourists", "That makes sense now that I think about it. All a pipe-dream anyway. I'll be in my hometown till I die I'd bet.", "You never know what the future holds! What's your favorite seafood by the way?", "Tuna and Shrimp. Easily. Though it's hard to find great tuna close by to Alabama.", "I bet it is. Tuna is pretty expensive too. I love yellowfin tuna, I believe that's something you might be able to find at Uncle Petey's"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "I'm well. And you?", "Good. I'm ready for winter. It is so hot here in alabama", "Agreed! Still feels like summer. I build homes and welcome coolers temps,", "Cool! You work in construction? Do you enjoy it?", "Yes, I love what I do. What type of work are you in?", "I volunteer at the local dog shelter. What do you like to do?", "I m a cat person myself. Five to be exact. Also like hunting and fishing.", "Nice. My brother is the hunter in my family. My three sisters and I don't hunt.", "Do you like the outdoors?", "I like taking my dogs hiking. What do you like to do for fun?", "Most any type of outdoor activity, attending sporting events, reading, and cooking.", "I like to cook too. Tacos are my favorite. What is your favorite food?", "A good steak or fresh crab legs. Do you like seafood?", "I do, but it is hard to get fresh seafood here. Do you live by the coast?", "I do. About 13 miles to the beach."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like New Kids on the Block.", "I have not been camping.  I like lite brite.", "I was born in the early 80s. I like hip hop."], "partner_persona": ["I have been camping.", "I grew up in the 90s.", "I am in grad school studying psychology.", "I love kayaking. I love the outdoors."], "current_conv": ["I heard a new song today that I think you would love!", "Really!? What song is it and who is it by?", "It's Peaches by Justin Bieber. Have you heard it?", "I actually have heard that song! I first heard that song when Beiber performed it at the Jake Paul and Ben Askren fight. That is a good song. Do you enjoy modern music more than the old school stuff like New Kids on the Block?", "I love New Kids on the Block but still enjoy listening to the new songs.  I actually don't like a lot of them. I think I am getting old.  How is your school going? ", "Nah you aren't getting old. You aren't old until you hit 60 in my opinion haha. My school is going well I have been able to keep my grades up. I actually plan on going kayaking soon during spring break to treat myself for my hard work. ", "That's wonderful! Keep up the good work! I are so close to being done.  I am sure kayaking and being outdoors will help you relieve some stress. You told me about kayaking before. I really need to try it. ", "I would love to take you kayaking with me sometime if you ever want to! You had mentioned you have never been camping before either. I'll make you a deal. I will be happy to take you into the outdoors for some adventures. In return, will you show me what a Lite Brite is and how to use it?", "I would love that! We have a deal! I will bring Light Bright with me.  The activity is really relaxing and you can do it while camping.  I will have to talk to you before we go though. I have no idea what to pack with me. ", "Is lite brite something similar to crafting a piece of art? I could use some practice on my creativity I think. Before we go camping, give me a call and I'll help you go through my own personal checklist of what to pack!", "Light Bright is a very old toy, I think from the 60s. It includes pegs and a light box. You can be very creative and create a really fun art.", "That is different from anything I have heard of before I can't wait to try it! Do you have a collection of lite brite art work you could show me sometime? I would love to see your masterpieces!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How is your night?", "Pretty good. I am doing some reading of psychology journals. You?", "Just listening to some old tunes. New kids on the block!", "Nice. Used to listen to them while my parents were making me camp out", "Yeah, I never did any camp outs, but I loved my lite brite.", "Are you a 90s kid? Me too", "Somewhat. Born early 80s, so I remember mostly 90s stuff. Those were good days!", "Definitely! Now that I'm in grad school I wish for the simpler days", "Yes! Give me some old school hip hop and I'm good. School is too exhausting.", "It is pretty exhausting. Not as tiring as kayaking though wich I love", "So you are the outdoorsy smart type, eh?", "Yes I can survive off the grid for weeks if needed thanks to mom and dad", "Sweet! I'll head your way when the apocalypse hits! I'll bring my music!", "I can totally help you survive the end of the world", "Cool man. I'm along for the ride", "I think studying psychology helps me understand why my parents act the way they do"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Darlene. I speak Chinese.", "I love music. I play the guitar and violin.", "I am single. I do not have kids. I am good at ping pong.", "I live in a small town. Big cities are exciting to me. My dad is an electrician."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Betsy. I just bought my first home.", "I am a teacher. I have 2 step children. I am pregnant with triplets. They will be born in three months.", "I am married. I just moved to the US with my husband.", "I live in the suburbs."], "current_conv": ["Do you know the genders of your triplets?", "Yes, two boys and a girl. So I'm going to have my hands full! ", "I bet you will. Have you thought about potential names already?", "Not so much. My husband and I can't agree. I tend to be traditional, and he wants something 'unique'. Do you think you'd like children some day?", "'Unique' LOL. I feel bad some times for these kids with very 'cool' names. Go figure how uncomfortable it can get when they're young adults and looking for a job. I don't see myself as a mom to be honest", "I agree exactly! Why not a strong reliable name that's been around forever. I think it's great that you know your heart when it comes to children. There's a lot of pressure, and not every woman needs to become a mother. ", "RIGHT? I agree with you on both counts. Being a mother is huge responsibility and I fully commend you for it. I feel I can do a better job as the cool auntie haha ", "That's amazing. Well I'm sure going to need a cool auntie or two once this lot is born! Plus you've got so many amazing hobbies. I wish I could play violin. ", "Funny you mention that. When my sister-in-law was in her last month of pregnancy she stayed at my place while I was just learning the violin. That meant I was playing it almost daily. Her son always smiles at me when he hears me playing even if he's only 2 years old ", "That's such a sweet story. You must have had some natural talent, as I imagine some of those early sounds are tough on the ears! One day I'd love to learn the cello It has such a deep mournful sounds. ", "I always joke that he smiles not because he remembers I played while he was still in the womb, but rather because I'm no longer hurting his ears LOL. Cello is nice, I have thought about learning it one day too", "LOL! I suspect if you're skilled with violin and guitar, you won't have any difficulty picking up cello. Me on the other hand will be starting at zero. "], "history_conv": [["How are you? My name is darlene and chinese is one of the languages I speak.", "Hi! Names betsy and bought our first home", "Congrats! I love music and playing my guitar and violin.", "I work as a teacher in a school. And also have 2 step kids", "I'm single, no kids, but am really good at playing ping pong.", "Wow that's pretty nice. I recently moved to the us with my husband", "Wow that is cool, I live in a small town where everyone knows my electrician father.", "That is pretty cool do you like it there?", "I do, although I'd love the excitement of a big city.", "Yeah like new york maybe?", "Yeah, do you live in a small town or city?", "It is more like the suburbs if you know what that's", "Yes, do you have children?", "Well I did say I will be popping out triplets in three months from now", "Wow triplets, your going to be busy!", "Yeah and have 2 step kids too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 24 years old.", "I am a kindergarten teacher.", "I am engaged. I am planning a wedding.", "My favorite singer is Taylor Swift.", "I like to eat out. I like to dance.", "My family lives all over."], "partner_persona": ["I am 39 years old.", "I am a music teacher.", "I like to dance."], "current_conv": ["I just got tickets to a Taylor Swift concert! Do you want to come?", "Oh my gosh, yes!  I love Taylor Swift!  I especially like her Folklore and Lover albums.  Which albums of hers are your favorite(s)?", "Oh my, I like her so much I would have a hard time picking one album.  She matured so much since her first album.  She never dissapoints. Have you seen her in concert before?", "I have never seen her in person, but I've watched some televised concerts of hers.  I bet she puts on a great show; she always puts her all into her work.  Will you be incorporating any Taylor Swift music into your wedding?", "For sure! I just can't decide on our first dance song. She has so many good ones. Which one would you recommend?", "I've always loved her song Enchanted...Everything has Changed is a good one too...of course, Lover is a great first dance song as well...there's so many to choose from!", "That's why the choice is so hard.  Maybe I will listen to them with my fiancee and we will decide together.  How is your job?", "Work has been going well, thanks for asking.  I really enjoy being able to help my students develop and foster a love of music.  How has your school year with the little kids been going?", "I am so happy to hear that! I wish I could play instruments.  My work is great. I love working with younger kids.  ", "I bet they have so much energy!  You must be exhausted by the end of the day!", "I am but every day I feel really fulfilled.  It makes me feel so good to know that I have such big impact in their lives.  I would love to have kids myself one day. Do you have kids?", "I do.  I have two boys; one is 11 and the other is 8.  They definitely have their moments where they fight, but they make me feel so happy and fulfilled.  I miss them being little babies...the time goes by so fast."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! I am age 24, how about you?", "Hello I am almost 40", "Nice, I spend my days as a kindergarten teacher", "I teach the kids various instruments", "Cool. I'm getting married next spring and I'll be 24", "Congrats on that that is cool", "Yes, the dj will play my favorite singer, taylor swift", "Oh wow so you will have a big wedding and reception?", "I hope so, lots of food because my friends and I like to eat out", "Oh yeah that's a fun part of the party, are you going to have drinks too?", "Of course! Have a well rounded wedding experience", "I would definately be getting my dance on", "Yes, we love to dance, too!", "Its going to be a day to remember with lots of pictures too!", "Yes, my family is coming from all over, too!", "Oh wow that's going to be very memorable"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I dislike chicken.", "I want to be a nurse.", "I work at a bar.", "I am blonde. I have blue eyes.", "I live with my best friend."], "partner_persona": ["I have a degree in chemistry.", "I have a bus that I sell books from.", "On the weekend I like to dance at Billy Bobs Country Line.", "I have a dog named Princess Pei Pei."], "current_conv": ["I had the worst customer come into my bar.", "Oh, no! What were they like?", "He was super rude and degrading, and when I told him the total of his bill, he refused to pay the full amount. ", "I hope you're able to kick people out when they're like that! I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. I had a situation like that last weekend at Billy Bobs.", "Yes, the manager got involved and it was a whole situation. I do not get paid enough to deal with this nonsense. I cannot wait to get out of the bar industry, and become solely a customer. Uh oh, what happened at Billy Bobs? ", "But you're well on your way to becoming a nurse, right? Stay positive! So I was just minding my own business as usual. I go there to dance and forget about the week, but another person apparently came in to start fights. He kept saying the rudest things to people to get them riled up.", "Yes, I honestly cannot wait to finish my nursing degree. I know I will be dealing with way more serious issues than cranky customers, but at least it is something I am passionate about. Plus, I will feel like I am making a difference. Wow, I hope you didn't get caught up in the middle of all that drama. Billy Bob's is always a good time but the crowd can be quite rowdy sometimes.", "It's always better to be doing what you love, especially when it's helping other people. I haven't really been putting my chemistry degree to good use, so I'm considering going back to school myself. And yeah, the crowd can be rough but most people are just having a good time lol.", "That's great to hear you are thinking of going back to school! What is your dream occupation?", "I'm not really sure what path to take next. On one hand, I really want to just help people and make a difference. But on the other... I want to be making more money. Did you always know you wanted to be a nurse?", "I think you should do whatever makes you happiest otherwise you will dread going in to work every day. I think I knew from a pretty young age. I was in and out of the hospital as a child and I looked up to and admired the nurses I saw there every day, they were so inspiring.", "I think that's the biggest mystery of my life; I'm not sure what makes me happiest. My mother was a nurse and I was always inspired by her, but I was a bit scared of being at the hospital. It must have been tough for you to need to be in and out of the hospital."], "history_conv": [["Hey, what is your least favorite food? Mine is chicken.", "Really? Who does not like chicken? Even chickens like chicken.", "Maybe it is because I want to be a nurse, and I see food poisoning from it.", "Hmm... I thought about nursing after my chemistry degree.. Glad I didn't", "Chemistry? That is interesting. Regardless, college is so expensive.", "Yep. I peddle books out of a bus now love it", "Nice! I work the night shift at a bar just to keep up with expenses.", "Hey maybe I have seen you. I dance at billy bobs country line on the weekends", "Perhaps, my hair is blonde and my eyes are blue, if that rings any bells. You?", "Are you the one in the orange jumpsuit? And the ankle bracelet?", "I just may be. I am always with my best friend, we live together.", "Ok. Weird. Oh well. I have to go feed my dog", "What is your dogs name? Do you have any other pets?", "My dogs name princess pei pei she just won a blue ribbon", "What a hilariously adorable name. Congratulations to her!", "She loves to compete. A real ham. Agility classes"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I feel  tired. I am in jail , serving time for shoplifting. Mom is coming to visit."], "partner_persona": ["I am reading  a parenting book.", "I think  self-help books can help struggling people.", "I like meeting new people. I am a museum tour guide.", "I am partly deaf."], "current_conv": ["Well, my computer time is up. Thanks for the volunteering suggestion, I will look into that during my computer time tomorrow.", "That went fast! Are you looking forward to seeing you mom?", "I am looking forward to seeing her. It's been a long time. She keeps suggesting I read some new books while I'm here, though.", "I mean, it's good advice. It would be a great distraction if fiction, and you could learn some stuff if non-fiction. Helps to keep spirits up. ", "I wouldn't even know where to start with what to read. I just feel so tired and blah all the time, can you recommend anything maybe?", "I'm not surprised you're feeling tired and blah. You're experiencing something incredibly stressful. I would start with thriller maybe, or suspense. Something easy to read but hooks you in. ", "That's a good idea, thanks!  How is working in the museum lately? Do you get to learn a lot?", "As I give the tours, I already know most of the information so it can get a little repetitive. But I try not to let it show. I'm struggling with my partial deafness though. When people ask questions. It can get frustrating. ", "Gosh, I can imagine that makes it difficult at times. Does lip reading help with the lack of hearing?", "It's challenging as it's usually a large group and sometimes I'm not fast enough to see who is asking the question. I've started sharing my issue with hearing, and people are generally kind. Hey, I was going to ask - do they have a library where you are?", "We do, the books are a bit worn since they're donations, but we have a great selection!", "I hope you really do take advantage of that resource. It should help pass the time, and before you know it, things will improve. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? I'm exhausted.", "Oh no! I'm okay. Just taking a break from reading.", "What type of book are you reading?", "This week a parenting book. What are you up to?", "I am trying to turn my life around. I am serving time for shoplifting.", "Oh my goodness. Maybe some self help books will be useful? Confidence booster.", "I'll get out pretty soon. I want to learn about my career options.", "I had no idea you had internet access from jail. Maybe volunteer when you are out?", "I want to make sure that I can discuss some career options when my mom visits.", "I'm a tour guide at a local museum. It helps me meet new people.", "Wow, that sounds like an interesting job!", "I love it. I am partially deaf so it is hard to find normal jobs.", "Do you enjoy the routine or do you want to do different things each day?", "I do like the routine. It is comforting. What are you looking for in a new job?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love food.", "I am very social. I like traveling."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer at homeless shelters. I enjoy volunteering.", "I am a pro wrestler. I like working out.", "I like pizza. I am very social.", "I have a family."], "current_conv": ["How did your time go volunteering at the homeless shelter?", "It went well, but I always feel a little sad seeing all of those people in need. Especially with this snow we have been having, it's been a rough go for them. But it is definitely rewarding and helps me put things into perspective and realize that I am lucky for everything that I have.", "What type of homeless shelter do you work at? ", "It's a local shelter for women and children escaping domestic violence. They come to us when they have nowhere else to go, but at least they are safe.", "That is so nice of you to take time to care for those who don't have any other options. Maybe you can host a fundraiser for the shelter to raise some money to help those in need. You could do a pizza dinner for families and have little workout themed games for the children.", "Wow, that is an amazing idea! I am not sure why I have never thought of something like that, but I think it could make a huge difference. Do you have experience in running fundraisers?", "Unfortunately I have not hosted any fundraisers of my own, but being the social butterfly that I am, I have attended a bunch of them.", "I have never really attended any myself so I am somewhat unfamiliar with the process. Maybe I can recruit you to help me out with it? I am not sure if you are interested in adding any volunteer work to your plate, so no pressure.", "I would love to help, but I do have some traveling that I am going to be doing here in the next month, but if we plan for a day when I am available I would love to help.", "I am sure we can work around your schedule, I really appreciate any assistance you are able to offer. Where are you traveling to?", "I am traveling through Europe. I absolutely love trying different foods, and what better place to go then to travel through all of Europe and trying all the different foods in the different countries. ", "Wow, that sounds incredible, I wish I could tag along! What countries will you be traveling through?"], "history_conv": [["Hey nice weather we are have tonight.", "Hey, not here. Snowing. I volunteer at a homeless shelter tonight", "Really sound like hard work. Is it?", "Yeah, but I wrestle professionally. And work out a few times a week", "What kind of foods do you like? Because I love food.", "I like pizza, and I enjoy socializing. Being around people", "Really me too. And I travel all around the world to eat new foods.", "If I got spare time I volunteer, do a lot of it.", "I am always on the go. So I don't have much spare time!", "Awesome, can not go wrong with that", "I've been going around the world try new foods for 1 years now.", "Yeah, well I hope all your dreams come true", "Me to. By the way, what are your dreams.", "My family being safe and unharmed", "Wow that is a really nice dream.", "Yea it sure is very much so!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My sister is a pole dancer.", "I have a tractor. I like classical music.", "My favorite color is red."], "partner_persona": ["I have children and dogs.", "I watch american sports.", "I've worked for 15 years. I'm a man."], "current_conv": ["How is your favorite team performing this year?", "They're going terribly haha. I can't bring myself to watch the games anymore!", "Yeah, which team was that again? I completely forgot.", "I'm a long time fan of the Chiefs. Family tradition! All my kids love them too. Even have a little jersey for the dogs in their team colors. Do you watch any sport?", "Ahhh, the Chiefs! They've been slacking lately, and what a cute tradition! I'd love to see the doggies, and no I'm not much of a sports person myself.", "Yeah you seem like someone of more refined tastes which is awesome. It's just important to have a hobby of any kind to keep us busy! I'm thinking of taking up music lessons.", "Yeah life is so hectic with work, you should always find something to unwind with. I wouldn't go as far as to say they're refined but unfortunately sports doesn't do it for me. Music lessons would be fun, like what type of instrument?", "Guitar! Yeah it gets crazy with work all week and kids on the weekend so it's nice to take time for ourselves. I know you  love classical music, can you play any instruments yourself?", "I play the violin! But I enjoy farming and things like that, our family isn't traditional by any means. My sister has an interesting job most of the family hates.", "I remember, yeah. How is she going? Do you think she'll decide to switch careers? It must be hard for her to face a lot of judgment.", "She's doing alright, I don't think she will. She finds it empowering and honestly I'm just happy for her because it's a lot of money and she doesn't mind doing it. More power to her.", "Definitely! I mean honestly I wouldn't want my daughters doing that kind of work, but only because people would make it so hard for them... I'm glad your sister has you in her corner."], "history_conv": [["I am so annoyed with my sister.", "Why is that. You should try to get along.", "I know, but she is a pole dancer. That's no way to make a living!", "Wow, that's insane. I've two very well behaved children and dogs.", "I'm happy for you! It is good to have good kids.", "So you know, I stay away from male clubs. I just watch american sports.", "Good. Me too. I just drive my tractor and listen to classical music all day", "I've worked for the same company for more than 15 years. Not time for much.", "That must keep you busy. Tell me something else about yourself?", "Not much to tell, I'm an average male. Tell me about you.", "I live a boring life. My favorite color happens to be red.", "Red is not a boring color. My favorite sports team wears red.", "What is your family like?", "Well, my kids are usually outside playing with the dogs. What about your family?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I knit.", "I am a female. I am catholic.", "I am retired. I love baking cookies.", "I have dogs."], "partner_persona": ["My heart was placed outside my body. I have a transplant.", "I can move things with my mind.", "I am a young boy."], "current_conv": ["One of my dogs just chewed up a hat that I recently finished knitting. ", "That's very weird that your dog would do that. It probably didn't taste very good. ", "I am sure it didn't, but that dog will eat literally anything in sight. So now I have two problems; I have to take my dog to the vet, and I have to knit a new hat. I'm so annoyed!", "My mom gets annoyed too when our dog chews up stuff. I try to move things with my mind up to high shelves, but sometimes I'm too slow. ", "What breed of dog do you have and what is its name? I am still so astounded to hear you can move things with your mind, that must be very useful.", "Our dog is a Golden Lab. He's a service dog because I need help, and his name is Jerome. My mom hates that I can move things because sometimes chocolate disappears when she's not looking. She calls me sneaky.", "Oh Golden labs are so cute, I would love to get our dogs together for a play date! You little power must make things very difficult for your mom sometimes haha. Have you pulled lots of pranks on people?", "I really love to do pranks. My grandpa was wearing a hat when he came over and then he couldn't find it when he was leaving and it was on my head. Even though I didn't move!", "Hahaha, that sounds so funny! What does your family think of all these pranks?", "They get annoyed. When someone first see it, they think it's cool, but my mom says it 'quickly lost its charm'. Whatever that means!", "I can see where your mom is coming from! Maybe you can put your powers to a good, and more productive use?", "Maybe when I get more energy. With my heart transplant, I do a lot of sleeping. Stealing treats is the only fun I have. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! I have taken a break from my knitting to chat! How are you?", "I am good and you, are you male or female?", "I am female, of course! I am on the internet, am I not?", "What kind of job do you have?", "I'm retired but I love baking cookies for the bake sale. You?", "I had a condition where my heart was placed outside my body", "That must have been really interesting! I", "So I can now do things that I couldn't before like move things with my mind", "My dogs would totally freak out if I moved things with my mind, ha ha ha!", "Yes it is very interesting especially because I am a young boy", "I know our local catholic diocese really strives to bring young boys like yourself in.", "I am lucky to have had a transplant, so I am better now.", "That is great to hear and I am so happy you lived.", "Oh yes thank you, it must be nice having dogs."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am retired. I was an engineer.", "I like outdoor activities including tennis.", "I have a nice yard. I do not like the cold.", "I have arthritis or an injury that acts up with the cold weather.", "I have adult children. I like little children."], "partner_persona": ["I am close to retirement.", "I am a tennis player.", "I like outdoor activities including the beach. I have a dog.", "I like the cold. I have multiple homes. I am wealthy.", "I have a large family. I put my family first.", "I have one kid in college and twins on the way."], "current_conv": ["I just found out I'm going to be a grandparent!", "Wow congratulations! When are they due?", "They are due to arrive in about 5 months. We are pretty excited.  When are your twins due?", "How exciting!! My twins are due in 2 months, gonna be a busy beaver! You should teach your grandchildren how to play tennis! ", "That's a great idea, but my arthritis sometimes keeps me off the court. They'll need someone like you for that haha. I bet your oldest is looking forward to being a big brother or sister?", "Haha just send them my way and they'll be tennis stars! And yes my son is very excited, he's always wanted to be a big brother. Is it nice there? Hopefully you're able to get some outdoor time today!", "Have plans to do a little gardening, if the rain holds. Need a place by the ocean. I could catch some warm rays. You ever surf while at the beach?", "A beach day would be amazing right now, get a little tan and relaxation on! I surfed once when I was in Hawaii, absolutely loved it and can't wait to go back. Have you ever surfed?", "Not with a board. Bodysurfing was my thing, no balance required. Does your dog enjoy running on the beach?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! I am absolutely loving retirement.", "Hi I am ready to retire what was your occupation", "I was an engineer, now I get to relax. What do you do?", "I am a tennis player what do you do in spare time", "I used to play tennis. I enjoy a lot of things outdoors in the sun.", "Me to I love long walks with my dog on the beach", "I like to do yard work. But I don't like cold weather", "One of my 3 story homes is in the mountains I like cold", "Oh wow. The cold makes my joints hurt. Lol", "My big family makes mines hurt lol you have kids?", "I did, but they are all grown. Do you?", "Yes one is in college and twins on the way", "Congratulations! I miss having the little tykes around.", "Thank you now I can not retire soon like you", "That's true. You must take care of the family.", "Duties always first do you travel much"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Canada.", "I didn't graduate high school.", "I am in the army. I work in the Sanitation department.", "I'm overweight.", "I like to fish."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Hollywood. I live in a house.", "I did not graduate high school. I have a boyfriend.", "I enjoy dieting. Caviar is a favorite food of mine. I like expensive items."], "current_conv": ["A buddy of mine brought over caviar for lunch earlier. ", "Wow lucky!! I'm drooling just thinking of it. I just had a smoothie for lunch... I'm on a juice cleanse again.", "You must have expensive taste! I can't stand the taste of Caviar, what do you enjoy about it so much?!", "Haha it's hard to explain. Just something about knowing how much it costs does it for me! Can't believe you use it for fishing! Seems like such a waste. Do you have any plans to go fishing this weekend?", "Oh, we didn't use it for fishing! He ate it and tried to give me some which I denied, but yeah I absolutely love fishing! Unfortunately no time to fight this weekend, I'm currently in the army so I'll be real busy.", "Ah that sucks you have to work weekends. I'm so lucky, my boyfriend takes care of everyting I need so I hardly have to work at all. Being in the army sounds awful.", "It's not so bad, I work in the sanitation departments so it's kind of relaxed. Just a lot of work unfortunately. Must be nice not having to work though, I'm envious.", "Yeah I'm truly blessed and I know it. What does the sanitation department actually involve? It sounds... messy lol.", "It is very messy, it's basically just making sure EVERYTHING is sanitized. And I mean everything! So how's life in Hollywood? It must be prestigeous!", "Yeah it's crazy! I just saw Reese Witherspoon walking down my street yesterday, I so wanted to run up and fangirl haha. There probably aren't too many celebs in the army.", "No celebrities here, they're all by you! Wow, I'd have fangirled too, what does your boyfriend do?", "He's a producer for Paramount! He said he's going to pull some strings and get me an audition next week, I'm so excited. That's why I'm on the juice clenase at the moment, gotta look my best."], "history_conv": [["Hi, where are you from, I'm currently living in canada", "I live in hollywood. In a very expensive house", "Whoa, wish I lived there, I did not even finish high school", "That's okay I did not either. I just found a boy toy to buy me nice things", "Nice, boy toys are fun, I am actually in the army now", "That's very impressive! What do you do in the army?", "Sanitation department, nothing special, I got in because my grandfather was in world war 2", "What an honorable man. Connections are all that matter in this world", "Not really, I'm overweight, my best food in the arm is shwarma", "Hopefully being in the army is a good diet. I love to diet", "My best food in the army is shawarma", "That doesn't sound fun. If I go 1 week without caviar I'd die", "Yeah I use caviar when I go fishing, that is about it.", "Honestly its kinda gross, but it costs a lot which makes me want to buy it", "Nice things cost money, get your boyfriend to buy it, if he buys you hollywood houses", "That's why I love him"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to tan.", "I am single.", "I love cooking.", "I paint a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I am 23 years old. I am not familiar with Britney Spears.", "I travel a lot and don't have a steady job. I work many different types of jobs.", "I love to eat food but I can't cook. I like to try new dishes.", "I don't paint.", "I like to meditate.", "I am not sure what meta cognition is."], "current_conv": ["What type of cuisine is your favorite? ", "African meal does it right for me", "Is there a good restaurant near you?", "yes there are few restaurant close by where I visit ", "I tried an Ethiopian restaurant once. I wasn't a big fan of the injera flatbread used to eat the food.", "Oh really you might need to eat it with samosa. I have tried it with samsosa and very tasteful", "I might try it again sometime. Are samosas one of your favorite foods?", "Samosa is good with another meal than eating it alone ", "I like my samosas with a spicy vegetable filling. What do you like in your samosas?", "I enjoy samsosa with chicken fillet with little veggie. invite me when you making some so i can come to eat", "Sounds delicious. I'll will let oyu know the next time I make any. Does the restaurant near you serve good samosas?", "Well if you come around we will check some other restaurant I eat out from "], "history_conv": [["Do you like britney spears?", "I am not familiar with her music, I am only 23.", "Do you make a lot of money? I just got back from the tanning salon!", "No I do not. I travel a lot and take on odd jobs.", "Where do you travel too? I just dumped my ex for traveling too often.", "Anywhere with delicious food. I am a big foodie, although I am a lousy cook.", "What kind of foods do you enjoy? I love cooking but never do it", "I love anything new. I try not to eat the same dish twice.", "Where do you draw your line of morality you paint so vividly?", "I actually don't paint. Do you?", "Quite often I find it a good source of meditation. Do you meditate?", "I do meditate, but not as often as I should. It helps me de stress.", "Have you ever looked into meta cognition?", "No I haven't. What is that?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't buy more than I need.", "I live alone. I miss family.", "I really like meditation.", "I don't talk out loud.", "I live in the tundra. I live in a place where bears are present."], "partner_persona": ["I am not spiritual. I like to shop.", "I buy lots of shoes and clothing.", "I like being alone. I like thinking about time and watches.", "I work at a discount watch dealer. My work ships watches anywhere."], "current_conv": ["I was actually thinking of getting a watch to help keep track of my meditation hours. What would you recommend?", "Ah great question! What kind of budget are you looking at? ", "I was hoping to keep it under $300. ", "Nice! There are heaps of budget watches I can recommend... will make a list and let you know! I just got back from work actually. Have you been busy since we last spoke? It's been crazy here.", "Thank you so much. Can you add the fact that I want something a bit sleeker when looking? ", "Definitely! But I wouldn't have thought that was like you. You seem so practical and down to earth in your attitude to material things.", "Again thank you, I haven't been to busy just avoiding bears. What has kept you busy?", "It's sale season! So many customers. If it keeps up I might join you in the tundra haha. You'll have to teach me some bear avoidance tips.", "Sure would! Safety is key. I figured you might be busy doing some shopping of your own. ", "I wish!! I figure it's all money in the bank so all this overtime just means a HUGE shopping spree for me at the end of it. How close is your nearest shop? I'd die if I was that far from a mall, lol.", "There isn't much shopping options here. But maybe if you moved here you could be one of them! Watches shipped from the Tundra would be a novelty. ", "Yeah bear themed watches maybe! Or you could make your own line of meditation watches. Does it get lonely?"], "history_conv": [["Hello. Do you walk the road of spirituality?", "Not really I tend to walk the road to the nearest shopping mall! Lol", "Understandable friend. The materialistic life has its appeal.", "Unfortunately for me that means my home is filled with shoes and clothing. You?", "My home is filled with only the essentials for survival.", "You sound very centered. I like my life, my family doesn t seem to.", "Perhaps. But I live a life of solitude. I miss family.", "I like solitude too. Maybe that s why I m infatuated with time and watches.", "Time given physical form is indeed intriguing. But meditation is my infatuation.", "Isn t meditation just like napping?", "Spiritual napping. Full time spiritual napping. It has been three months since I talked in fact.", "I have to talk. I work at a discount watch dealer. Time out. Heard of them?", "I've not. No watch dealers out here in the tundra.", "We ship anywhere. Our motto is tick tick, losing track of time is sick", "I respect that dedication. But I must go. The bears have breached my homestead fence.", "Lol, I must go too. The imelda marcos shoe collection on qvc is on"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a husband. I like going on walks with my husband to explore the city. My husband is a detective.", "I do volunteer work and teach music.", "I have not played tennis.", "I have teen children.", "I feel handling teens is crazy as they need more supervision.", "I have 2 boys who are 15 and 16 and one girl who is 14. They all are honor students sometimes."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog.", "I play professional tennis.", "I am pregnant. I have 2 kids and I am expecting another. I am nervous about teen years as I feel they could be hard."], "current_conv": ["You won't believe it! My eldest is dating a girl from his school. he just told me about it and I realized I have to handle this well or else he could break hearts! I know you wanted to know about the teens dating but this will be my first experience too. Will update you! ", "Oh my gosh good luck!! Keep me updated!! The thought of it scares me to death. It's awesome you have a relationship where he feels comfortable telling you.", "I know! It really is such a blessing. How were you during those critical years? I was a mess!", "My kiddos are still young so all that's in my future. Do you know the girl he's dating? Are you thinking of inviting her over and getting to know her as a family?", "Of course, me and the husband might take them out to around the city one of these days. We love visiting places and maybe they'd enjoy coming along.", "That sounds like an awesome idea! Hopefully she'll feel comfortable talking to you and you can make sure your son is treating her right! It must be intimidating to date one of your kids since your husband is a detective haha", "It is, but I have some smart kids so their significant other is most likely just as smart! How far along are you in your pregnancy? Do you happen to know what gender it is yet?", "Yes! I just went for my six months ultrasound and the tech confirmed it's a girl. We're thrilled. Can't believe it's only a couple months until she's here.", "I'm so excited for you! Are you other kids male? You finally get the trifecta, haha. Hope it all goes soundly.", "Thank you so much! We already have a son and a daughter so this little girl is just the cherry on top. Trying to stay healthy with heaps of walking, although I'll probably have to give up tennis soon.", "Oh no, I've never played tennis. It's a shame but that's the conditions that come with having kids. Hope it all works out well and you have a pregnancy with litlte to no complications.", "Thank you! Do you play any sports? Even though tennis is what I decided to go pro with, I love soccer and swimming as well."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight", "I am in just got in from walking my dog. How are you?", "I'm very well, thank you for asking. I'm going for a walk later.", "Will you be walking alone?", "No, my husband will be going with me. We like to explore our city.", "That sounds fun. What do you and your husband do?", "I give music lessons and do volunteer work. He's a detective.", "Wow, that is so interesting. I play pro tennis.", "I have never played, is it hard?", "Not really no just have to focus. Hard to play being pregnant though.", "Oh, lucky you. Congrats! We have teens.", "Thank you this, is my third. Nervous about the teen years. Is it hard?", "Teens are crazy, I swear they need more supervision than toddlers.", "Oh my, how old are they?", "The boys are 15 16, our girl is 14. All are honor students, but sometimes.", "How do you handle them dating?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a garden with loads of roses in.", "I'm a tour guide at a museum."], "partner_persona": ["I just got an apartment: a small studio.", "I attend college. I work in a bar to help afford school."], "current_conv": ["How is school going? I bet you must be ready for spring break", "School is going well. Yes I cant wait to have spring break so I can work full time. I bet that will be a busy period for you at the museum.", "I'm glad to hear it's going well, but breaks are definitely always nice! And it'll for sure be busy. We get all kinds of interesting people during spring break lol. How are you settling in to the new place?", "I know right! I am settling in well its a bit better than my former place", "Do you have everything all decorated and moved in nicely? I wish I could send you some roses from my garden. They make great decoration.", "Oh thats sound nice I will appreciate that will make it more colorful for me ... Thank you sending in big hug for that", "Do you think you'll be visiting the museum during spring break?", "I will pass for this year maybe next year I should take time to visit the museum ", "I hope you have lots of fun on your break", "I doubt that thou. I wish I can come help you on your farm", "I'm sure there will be lots of cool things to do! Stay positive and enjoy the time off.", "I appreciate that you been awesome "], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how are you today?", "I'm doing great I just got an apartment", "That's wonderful, you should decorate with some pretty roses!", "Hmm would you mean live roses in a vase or paint them on the wals?", "I would prefer live roses, I have a garden full of them!", "I wis I could grow stuff but too busy going to college", "Does your new apartment have a nice sun room to sit out and drink fancy tea?", "Nope very small studio since I'm going to college", "You should use any spare time to go to a museum, you might see me!", "Do work work there or just go to enjoy it..?", "I'm the best tour guide around!", "Nice you can exercise while you work", "Oh are you into fitness type things?", "Not really I get my exercise working in a bar to pay for school"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I came from a large family. I like ice cream.", "I live on a horse farm in a small town. I was born and raised on a horse farm. I love horses."], "partner_persona": ["I have a wife and three children. My children like ice cream.", "I am a plumber.", "I live in the country. I have dogs.", "I love horses. I love animals."], "current_conv": ["I just got back from riding one of my horses. ", "Well, that makes for a wonderful morning outing. I haven't ridden today. ", "It was very enjoyable! When was the last time you went horseback riding?", "About a week ago. I've been so busy with my plumping business. Seems like every tap around here is leaking. Do you ride often?", "Everyday. The horses on the farm need to get their exercise. Do your kids like riding as well?", "They do, but they're just learning to trot. Every time I take them, we go for ice cream afterwards. I'm not sure what they like more - the horses or the cones. ", "Ice cream sounds like a great treat. I might go get some myself. What flavors do you enjoy?", "I'm kind of boring. Usually a good quality vanilla is my fave. My kids like those space color ones that stain their faces. What about you?", "Salted Oreo. It sounds odd but it is amazing!", "Oh, I'd probably like that. Here in the country there a little shop that sells the best salted caramel. After a big plumping job, I treat myself. ", "The farm might need some plumbing work soon. Do you work on older buildings?", "Yes, all kinds of buildings. Not to brag, but I'm the best around here. Plus my prices are reasonable. Let me know if you'd like a quote. "], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "Very well, now that the wife and kiddos are in bed.", "Do you have a big family?", "We have three kiddos, so there is never any ice cream in the house.", "You should start hiding it! I come a large family and I sometimes do the same.", "I tried hiding it in the peas, but my wife found it.", "Maybe you will need to sneak off to the ice cream shop alone sometimes.", "Its easily done on the way to clients houses, plumbers are always on the go.", "There aren't any ice cream shops near me, I live in a very small town.", "We go on the way to the parks too, in the next town.", "That sounds great! Do you live in a large city? That is my dream.", "I don't. I live in the country, with dogs, kids and chaos.", "I live on a big horse farm, I was born and raised here.", "That would be amazing. I love horses.", "They are amazing animals. Honestly, I prefer them over most people.", "I prefer animals over most people too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My wife is Italian. I love dogs. My wife doesn't like dogs.", "I eat papaya a lot. I am not allergic to it.", "My mom used to bake.", "My wife models clothing."], "partner_persona": ["I have dogs. They are afraid of bees. I am scared of bees.", "I love baked goods.", "I dreamed about my creations on the catwalk."], "current_conv": ["I wish that your dreams come true in the nearing future.", "Thank you for that! I've been working on many new designs for the catwalk... in my head lol. I'd love to make them real! And when I do your wife can model for me lol. ", "I'm sure she'd love to do that, she loves clothes but then again most women do. You should definitely try to do something with your fashion aspirations.", "Have you convinced your wife to let you get a dog yet, or does she still really not like them? I don't know what I would do without my dogs. I've considered creating clothes for them...", "She hates dogs and I've tried so many times to change her mind but Ithink she had a bad experience when she was younger back in Italy. I understand I suppose but it does frustrate me a bit.  ", "Aw, I didn't know something bad happened to her. I can definitely understand that a bit more, but I hope she can heal from that and realize all dogs are different. On an unrelated note, I was curious to go out and try papaya after our chat since you love it so much... and wow! I love it!", "It is so good for you. I love it. People say healthy foods aren't good for you but try papaya, pineapple and mango in a bowl and it's like heaven. Full of vitamins too.", "I've always loved fruits, but for some reason I hadn't tried papaya. Healthy foods are the best! I do love baking and eating sweets, but I do my best to not overdo it. ", "It's so tempting to just eat bad foods, there is so much out there that it's hard to avoid it. I'm glad that you have finally tried it. It's not always easy to get hold of.", "Most \"bad\" foods are fine in moderation, so that's something to consider if you have a craving every once in a while. Life is too short to avoid sweets forever!", "I know but the older I get the more serious I'm taking my diet. I think the choices we make now stay with us for a long time.", "That's definitely a good way to look at it. As much as I want to enjoy my youth, I don't want to be unwell in my old age. I don't like thinking about getting older because it makes me think about how my dogs won't be around forever."], "history_conv": [["Hi, just got back from tending my bees!", "Oh, hi you must be buzzing? My dogs are afraid of bees.", "Ha, I love dogs, but my italian wife doesn't!", "No bees for me, it is a scary way to die. An allergic reaction.", "I understand, I'm glad I'm not allergic to papaya, I eat a lot of it!", "It is a healthy fruit. I love baked goods it is my heaven.", "My mom used to bake, but I don't see her anymore.", "Sorry to hear that. My mom knitted and passed it on to me.", "That is great, could you knit something for my wife?", "Sure, christmas is near so scarfs are in the works for the family.", "She models clothing, so she may wear it on the runway!", "That sounds great, I always dreamed about my creations on the catwalk.", "I think your scarfs would look wonderful!", "There are very unique and one of a kind I will send you pictures."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to take walks on my street.", "I like to swim and enjoy nature. I like to hike, boat, and read books. I have a kayak.", "I read self help guides and journals.", "I like to learn how to do new things. My mom would teach me songs."], "partner_persona": ["I am a kindergarten teacher.", "My favorite book is the Hunger Games.", "I sing. I like Taylor Swift's music."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever sung in front of people?  Like at church or in a concert?", "Haha no not adults! I sing to my kindergarten class all the time though, if that counts. But I save my Taylor Swift performances for the shower.", "LOL. I like to sing in the shower too, mainly stuff I've heard in the radio really. You could try out for a talent show :)#", "I think I would be too shy! But that's the dream. Have you ever done anything like that?", "Not really. When I was younger I was part of a musical performance which was fun but I think standing in front of people on your own is a different story. I think I'd get stage fright!", "Yeah same. It's different singing to a bunch of five year olds... they're so enthusiastic it's hard to get self-conscious. What do you do for work? ", "I'm currently studying to be a vet and work part time at a restaurant. I don't get much satisfaction from it but it pays the bills.", "Nice! Yeah, you've got to do what you need to get by. That's so cool you're studying to be a vet! You must see a lot of wildlife in all your time outdoors.", "Yeah all the time when I'm hiking in nature. There is so much to see and a lot of it is on your doorstep!", "When you qualify as a vet you could even open some kind of nature sanctuary and help injured animals.", "I think that would definitely be more rewarding than working on people's pets. I'd much prefer to be a vet that visits farms, helps livestock or yes, helps wild animals. I've always dreamed of visiting Africa. That would be so cool.", "Wow awesome! What an adventure that would be. I'd love to visit Africa someday. My dream trip is visiting Nashville though, and seeing some of my favorite country singers sing in person. "], "history_conv": [["I stroll up and down the street.", "That's cool I do a lot of walking as a kindergarten teacher", "I enjoy the great outdoors and being in the water.", "Do you do a lot of hiking?", "Yes and boating. Love being outdoors and reading.", "Oh what is your favorite book? Mine is the hunger games.", "I read do self help guides and journals.", "Those can be very good for improving oneself.", "Yes and learning new abilities you have for yourself. You realize you have unknown abilities.", "I know what you mean, I'm improving singing.", "That's wonderful finding your internal self through singing, I do that while floating on my kayak.", "Recently I've been singing alot of taylor swift.", "I love her songs, my mom taught me to always be all I could be.", "Yeah, I feel like she has grown quite a bit as musician."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to work out. The treadmill and rowing machine are my favorite exercise machines.", "I own two dogs.", "My hair is black and my eyes are blue."], "partner_persona": ["I work at Burger King.  I have been gaining weight.", "I would love to move out of my parent's house. My parents nag me.", "I don't drink or do drugs.", "I am 19 years old."], "current_conv": ["I know you want to move, have you thought about getting a place with a roommate?", "The rent around here is so high, and I'm not sure my wages from Burger King would stretch that far. I have to do something though! ", "Maybe there are management positions you would qualify for or even look for a new job?", "I might just try that. I doubt I'd qualify for management, but maybe a different job. Or I can go back to school. How do you find the motivation to work out?", "My biggest motivator to start were my dogs. They always want to run and play, and I want them to be happy. I found the more I got out with them, the better I felt", "Oh wow, that makes perfect sense. I've always wanted a dog, but my parents don't like fur or mess. I'm responsible enough, and maybe I should foster a rescue. ", "Fostering is a great idea! So many animals need love. Maybe seeing you take responsible for another creature will help your parents stop picking at you.", "Yes, they nag at me a ton. And it makes me feel so awful, I end up eating Burger King after work. The weight gain is making me feel worse. A dog might help me make changes. ", "I'm sorry that you're feeling so awful.  Sounds like you definitely need a change of pace. I really enjoyed starting to exercise on a treadmill, do you have one available?", "Not at home, my mother says she doesn't like the sound of machinery. But there's a gym next door to my work. I could try that on my break isn't of snacking. ", "That's a great idea, you might really like it. It makes me so happy to hear that you want to work on making yourself happier.", "You are such a positive person. I can tell. Probably from hanging with your dogs and working out. Thank you for helping me."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! How are you today?", "Hey! I am fine, thanks. Just got back from work. How are you?", "Pretty good. I just got back from the gym. I go there all the time.", "I should go. I work at burger king, and the food is making me gain weight.", "I like the treadmill and rowing machine the best. They might work for you.", "Cool, thanks! My parents have a treadmill I can use, but I really want to move out.", "Do you only live with your parents? I have two dogs myself.", "Oh nice! And yes, I do. They're always on my back, though.", "Well, that'sn't cool. They need to give you some room.", "I agree. I do not even drink, or do drugs, or anything.", "What do you look like? I have short black hair and blue eyes.", "I'm a pretty average looking 19 year old.", "Ah, I'm a bit older than you. You sound like an interesting person though.", "You, too! I should probably get going, but it was great to talk to you!", "Great to talk to you too!", "Oh, actually, I've a little time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm going to college. My major is art.", "I visit Europe twice a year. I descended from Christopher Columbus.", "I love fish and chips. I love to cook paella. I would never eat a snail.", "I have never ridden a motorbike."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a waitress.", "I love celebrating Columbus Day.", "I don't like cooking.", "I like meat and rice. I don't like snails or oysters.", "I like to ride motorbikes. I wear a helmet when I ride a motorbike."], "current_conv": ["How did you get started riding motorbikes?", "My dad was an enthusiast! I guess I inherited it from him. He was such a rev head. It's funny how we pick up our parents hobbies.", "That is true. My parents were artists in their own right which is why I'm studying it. ", "That's awesome! They must be so proud of you. What kind of artists are they? Would I know any of their work?", "My mom was a photographer and my dad a painter. Part of why I go to Europe is to visit their gallery. Have you traveled to Spain?", "No I've never been outside the US sadly :( That sounds so wonderful. Hopefully one day. Is your family of Spanish descent?", "Yes, I have a very famous ancestor. You should make it a goal. I bet it would be fun to ride your motorcycle through out the Spanish Country side. ", "Oh of course, I forgot about your famous ancestor! Yes that sounds brilliant. What a dream. Do you do much traveling apart from Europe? ", "I try to travel as much as I can. Enjoy different types of art that you can only see when traveling. ", "Yes, not to mention all the exotic cuisine! I'm not very adventurous in that respect. Travelling more would definitely help!", "No es cargo for you then hey? There are plenty or rice options or kebab shops across europe. ", "Haha yes! What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?"], "history_conv": [["Hi am going to college and art is my major,", "That sounds lovely. I work as a waitress from time to time for extra money.", "Two times a year I visit europe since I have descended from christopher columbus.", "I love celebrating columbus day!", "Wonderful. I just love fish and chips. It is my weakness. I love to cook paella", "I'm not much into cooking. I do ride motorbike though.", "Do you know what paella is? Neither do I.", "Yes, it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan.", "Well I don't know why I love to cook it. It does not sound very tasty.", "I do like meat and rice, but I don't go for things like snails or oysters.", "Yuck... Snails. I would never eat a snail.", "You are funny! Did you ever ride motorbike? I love it!", "No, I never have. I'd die if I did. I just know it.", "Well I do wear a helmet to keep from brain injury!", "That's good unless your head falls off. What then?", "Well, I'm hoping to keep my head!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a musician.", "My husband is a postal worker.", "I also play the banjo and the guitar. I am custodian to pay the bills.", "I will sing my favorite folk music. This makes you calm."], "partner_persona": ["I am a postal worker. I play banjo in the band. The band I formed with my fellow postal workers.", "I think there are scorpions everywhere. My legs are being stung by the scorpions. I have an unending pain from these scorpions."], "current_conv": ["Do you pray God to escape from these scorpions?", "I surely pray to anything that will make them stop. What is your favorite folk music?", "Bob Dylan is my favorite. He's really why I picked up my first guitar.", "I really like Bob Dyla, Do you prefer his early or later phase of music?", "I like his early stuff best. I have to admit that I love some down home country music too.", "So do I . I love picking the banjo to some good old hootenanny type country. Does your band do country?", "We do a bit here and there. The banjo is so much fun to play.  I love that I get to be a musician.", "Its better than the day time job! Does your husband like your music?", "He does! He's a postal worker and I'm a custodian to actually pay the bills. Music is something we do to calm down and relax.", "So you play together? How nice! I wish my CO was a musical type.", "We do. It's a lot of fun and really helps us to stay bonded", "That's wonderful> We call our group going Postal\". What about your band's name?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you?", "Terrible, there are scorpions everywhere. Please send help.", "I am a musician. One day I hope to make it big.", "I play banjo in the band I formed with my fellow postal workers.", "My husband is a postal worker. My parents aren't supportive of my dream.", "Why have you not sent help?! The scorpions are stinging my legs! Ree!!!!!!!", "I sing, play the banjo and the guitar. Am a custodian to pay the bills.", "Dad I am sorry I didn't support your nascar dream! These scorpions are my punishment", "I will sing my favorite folk music. It will help to calm in your distress.", "The pain from these scorpions is unending, everything is turning grey", "I agree, you are being punished for not supporting your loving father.", "I see the light, dad. I am coming. I will be in the passenger seat dad", "I'm singing happy folk song music in rejoice.", "Oh god why is there fire, why is there fire? This is not nascar", "Are the scorpions gone at least?", "There are scorpions everywhere!!! Seas of scorpions for miles in all directions! Ree!!!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love fruit. I like Papaya's.", "I compete in the olympics. I work out.", "My name is Leigh.", "I am afraid of bees. I like honey."], "partner_persona": ["I work out. I don't like gymnastics.", "I love Papaya's. I don't have any local family.", "My name is George. I am married to a model from Italy.", "I have a job. I am a Bee Farmer. I'm not scared of bee's. My business has a website."], "current_conv": ["I set a new personal best for my Olympic sport. I've just had details about where I'm going to be staying for the next few months. Training is going really well.", "How nice! Whaere will you be staying?", "I'm heading over to Hong Kong in this awesome new training facility! Bonus is it's really close to Japan where the next Olympics will be. Can't wait.", "that sounds amazing! I love training, but you are at the next level. Have you seen my bee website?", "Yeah I checked it out after you mentioned it last time we spoke. It looks amazing. Did you get a professional graphic designer to make it?", "My wife actually did the design. She is like you, is skittish about bees", "Haha oh my gosh, she must be terrified living on a bee farm! But it's awesome she can help out like that. Does she still do any modelling?", "yes, she is still in demand, really am proud of her. we train together, each to our own goal. Do you prefer to train with a group or alone?", "I usually train solo as my sport is marathon running so I'm always going at my own pace. It can get lonely sometimes. I'm jealous, it would be great to have a training partner.", "It keeps you honest, at least LOL. We usually celebrate with a papaya smoothie afterwards. How do you prepare your papaya?", "I usually have it fresh, straight off the tree! I'm going to miss it when I'm living in Hong Kong, it might be harder to get them over there. Have you ever been overseas? Have you visited your wife's homeland?", "I was in a different part of Italy, Germany as well. I have never been to the Asian countries. What is your home country?"], "history_conv": [["I just had the best workout! Time to wash my clothes.", "So did I just came back from it and eating a papaya", "I love fruit. Papaya turns my favorite color when it is ripe.", "Its my fave fruit. I don't have family close by", "Where do you live? I move around a lot to compete in the olympics.", "Names george by the way, and am married to a super model from italy", "I am leigh! Do you like gymnastics?", "No but I became a bee farmer", "That is a really neat job. Do you get stung?", "Some times but that is why I wear the bee suit t", "I would way rather workout than get stung by bees. You are brave.", "Haha most do, which I can understand", "I'd like some honey though. Do you sell it?", "Sure you can always purchase on my website", "Or I can trade you honey for tickets to the upcoming olympics I'm in.", "We can go for a trade that sounds awesome"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like dogs.", "I am a twitch streamer. I design games.", "I do not play pot farm. I like the name pot farm."], "partner_persona": ["I have three dogs.", "I know about starcraft.", "I watch twitch.", "I play pot farm.", "I own a dog walking service."], "current_conv": ["How are the dogs and how is your pot farm going?", "The dogs are sleeping right now. Pot farm is the bomb have you played it by any chance?", "No I haven't, I'll make sure to check it out. I usually play FromSoftware games.", "You should I give it a try, it's a funny game where you harvest... drum roll... cannabis LOL. What type of games you like from them?", "Hahaha sounds sophisticated. I love all their games to be honest, but my favorites are Sekiro and Bloodborne. Do you play other games? Is starcraft a game?", "Sekiro, eh? I like that name... it sounds japanese, right? I don't play many games actually but I've indeed played StarCraft", "Yeah Sekiro is Japanese, as are all the FromSoftware games. I don't play games all that much tbh. I mostly livestream philosophical discussions. ", "Gotcha, that's what I thought. Alright, you can't just say that and leave me like this... tell me more about that. Do you participate in philosophical discussions or are you mainly an spectator? ", "I participate in them quite often, I also organize debates on my twitch account. You watch twitch, maybe you've seen me on there. I'm quite big.", "That's amazing. I do watch Twitch, what's your handle? I might have actually seen you already and if not will make sure to fix that LOL", "@L0neWolf you should check it out. How's the dog walking business?", "Will definitely give it a try. I certainly enjoy entering into never-ending philosophical debates hahaha. I definitely enjoy it I see it as a nice way to do exercise, play and make some dogs happy and being paid for it!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "Good. Tired. I had to walk my three dogs.", "I love dogs! Do you know the game starcraft?", "I do. I haven't played it tho.", "I designed parts of it, I am a popular twitch streamer.", "Oh very cool. I go on twitch for my pot farm updates.", "Pot farm updates? Like a real pot farm?", "No, the game pot farm.", "Oh, I do not know of it. Sounds fun though lol", "It is a cool game. I play it daily.", "I am going to have to look it up.", "Right on! I own a dog walking service.", "That sounds so fun and like perfect exercise.", "It is a lot of hard work.", "Since you have your own dogs it must be easy.", "It is now. It was harder when I first started."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I use twitter. I enjoy social media.", "I eat organic food.", "I am a feminist."], "partner_persona": ["I own a house.", "I am an omnivore.", "I am pregnant. I am expecting twin girls."], "current_conv": ["How is the pregnancy going? Every day is closer to having those two wonderful girls.", "I go day by day, all goood, save the cravings How would II fare eating only organic foods with my cravings?", "It's not that hard. You can find them everywhere now. How do you like your house?", "its a lot of work, but worth it. Do you own or rent?", "I own. I like to grow my own organic vegetables. Do you have a garden?", "I do! we grow all or own vegtables, canning or freezing for the whole year", "I like to grow them and my girlfriend really like to can them. We post pictures on twitter all the time.", "what are your favorites to plant and harvest?", "Tomato's, spuds, corn and peppers. I also like to make my own kraut.", "we do the same I built above ground beds,  and just finished a root cellar.", "How long did that take to build? Seems like a great idea.", "each takes a good day, if built to last. you can reallly control the soil"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you today", "I'm great today just bought my first house, you?", "That is exciting! I am just updating my twitter status. I am doing great", "Happy for you, just making my meals for the meal, it is tough being an omnivore.", "I'll only eat organic food it took some getting use to but I love it now", "I'm trying to eat healthy because I'm pregnant.", "Oh wow congrats! Your life most be very exciting now", "I do my best for sure, have twins on the way in two months.", "Aww are they both boys or girls?", "Both girls! I can not wait to meet them!", "I bet. The highlight of my life is looking around the internet.", "Do you do anything else for fun?", "Not really I do go to feminist rallies a lot", "Sounds like quite an exciting life you live.", "It can be at times but social media makes me feel better", "I just want to live a happy life with my children."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I wrestle. I like to run, I lift weights.", "I am on a raw diet.", "I volunteer at a shelter."], "partner_persona": ["I had cancer.", "I run marathons.", "I'm a clean eater.", "I have a new job as a life coach.", "my parents are athletic. my parents are health coaches."], "current_conv": ["how is your new job going", "It is going great, I'm really enjoying being able to help people - thank you for asking. I definitely have a lot to learn though - it is tough starting something new!", "I would imagine so.  I am fortunate that I won the lottery 3 years ago and can just volunteer without worrying about a paid job.", "Yes that definitely is lucky! Still probably things to learn in volunteering though. What kind of shelter do you volunteer at?", "A shelter for homeless veterans.  Some of them just need a little lift to get back on their feet.", "Wow, that is very important work. You probably hear a lot of very inspiring stories. It is fantastic that you are providing help how you can.", "My dad was a veteran and so I feel a strong connection and urge to be helpful.  Would you be willing to do some pro bono work, perhaps just an hour a week at the shelter.  Your skills as a life coach would be really valuable.", "Well, since I'm just getting started, I don't know if I'm the right person for regular work like that - but what if we set up a one time event where I could provide some information and then people could connect as they chose to do so - then see what it turns into?", "That makes sense.  Let me talk to the shelter coordinator.  I am also starting a fitness program there.", "Oh that will be very beneficial as well, I'm sure. Both great ideas. Thank you for connecting me - I'm happy to help.", "It is very rewarding and I am sure you will get more out of it than you put in.  I know I have.", "That is great to hear! I'm sure you're right. You're really making a huge difference, thank you!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you this morning?", "I survived cancer for 3 years!! I am cancer free!!", "How cool! Congratulations! You should come watch me wrestle.", "Yeah sure! I run marathons I am preparing one for this summer", "I run as well as put a lot of time on the weights.", "That is awesome I'm also a clean eater", "I am on a raw diet. Have you tried it?", "No I've never tried raw diet before", "You may like it. Do you volunteer? I do at a shelter.", "No but I have a new job as a life coach", "That's awesome too, you should stop by the shelter.", "My parents are extremely athletic", "What do they do? Are they pros?", "I started my new job yesterday I really like it so far.", "What do they do? Are they pros?", "They are heath coaches"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Johny. I am 4 years old.", "My favorite hobby is to look at blocks of stone and sing about the alphabet.", "I want to be a dog when I grow up.", "Chocolate candy is my favorite food.", "I love dogs. I have a cat named Mittens. I've had my cat for one year. My mom gave me my cat."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite hobby is baking cookies. I have a home.", "I love to knit.", "I want to open a business when I'm older. I want to open a baking business.", "I have a dog named Ralph. I don't bake with chocolate because I have a dog who can't eat chocolate.", "I like cats.", "I have a sister. I gave my sister a goldfish."], "current_conv": ["Have you baked anything tasty recently? Have you managed to keep your dog out of your treats? ", "Yes, just made oatmeal raison cookies earlier today. do you like oatmeal cookies?", "I love oatmeal cookies with chocolat chips! Is chocolate bad for dogs?", "Yes it is. I make sure Ralph never gets to any. I'm working on knitting a pair mittens right now.", "Mittens is my cats name! Are you using cat fur for them?", "No, regular yarn. i have never heard of cat yarn.", "Will your business be things you knit or things you bake?", "Mostly things I bake. I may hang a few things on the wall to sell. Do you ever bake with your mom?", "she gets those cookie dough rolls sometimes. they are really fun. Is that what you use?", "No we make our own dough. Do you make your cookies into different shapes?", "I like to make dog and cat shapes!", "That sounds fun. Do you use a cookie cutter?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! My name is johny I am four years of age. How are you?", "Hi! Pleased to meet you. I am great, just baking cookies at home. My favorite hobby!", "Oh my favorite hobby is to look at blocks of stone and sing about the alphabet!", "That is so unique! Knitting is another deep passion of mine.", "Mom said I can be anything so I will become a dog when I'm older. You?", "I hope to open a business. Like the countrywide bake sale I'm now at!", "My favorite food is chocolate candy, do you bake any chocolate pastry?", "No, I avoid chocolate in case my dog gets into my treats", "Dogs! I love dogs so much! What is your dogs name?", "I named my dog ralph. Do you have any pets?", "I've a cat named mittens!", "That's so precious. How long have you had your cat?", "I have had it for one year, my mom gave it to me as a present!", "What a great gift! I once gave my sister a goldfish."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live with my parents on a farm. My parents have sheep on their farm.", "I am an electrician.", "My favorite music is country.", "I drive a truck."], "partner_persona": ["I live on a farm. I live in colorado.", "I am a mechanical engineer. I work mostly on farm equipment and trucks.", "I like to rock climb.", "I have a black Labrador retriever named Trooper. It saved my life as a child. My dog's name is Trevor."], "current_conv": ["I found a rock gym and I'm curious to try it.", "Oh, I think that's a great idea. I really enjoy rock climbing.", "As you know, keeping up with farm duties can be a lot of exercise by itself. I have never tried an actual gym to workout but I am excited to start. Do you have any tips? ", "Go slow, start easy. It", "That's good advice. I wanted to start this week but my truck broke down. Do you think you can take a look at it for me? My grandfather gave it to me so I don't really trust anyone else with my truck.", "Sure, I don't mind taking a look. Why don't you bring it over to my farm and you can meet Trooper too. He's such a sweet pup.", "Thank you so much! I would love to meet your dog. I always wanted a pet but the sheep and other animals keep us so busy, we don't have much time for anything else. What is the best part about owning a dog?", "They are fiercely loyal. When I was just a child, Trooper saved my life. They really love their people.", "I remember you telling me about that. That is the main reason I've been considering getting a dog. My parents are getting older and I think it would be a good idea to have one to protect the house. ", "I can understand that. A dog might be a great companion for them, especially if they spend a lot of time at home.", "What breed would you recommend getting?", "Great Dane's are wonderful because they're so lazy and calm, but they also need a LOT of food. Black labs are wonderful family pets and do great on a farm."], "history_conv": [["Hiya, I do not see many people as I live on a farm owned by my parents", "Yeah I live at a farm in colorado as well so I do not see many people.", "Wow coincidence! I actually have a trade electrician you?", "I work as a mechanical engineer, mostly on farm equipment and trucks.", "Lots in common! What music do you like? County is my fave", "I do not listen to much music, I spend my free time rock climbing.", "More active than me I drive everywhere in my big truck. Do you drive?", "Yeah I drive sometimes to my parents to see my dog called trooper.", "Aww, I do not have pets except the animals on the farm my parents have", "He's a black labrador retriever, saved my life when I was a kid. What animals?", "Amazing what is his name? Sheep mostly", "His name is trevor, anyway I gotta go soon, it was nice chatting with you!", "Unusual name, but glad he saved you so we could chat!", "See you later partner, good luck with your farm!", "And you, both out in the country", "Okay, time to part ways now, see ya!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have recently moved house.", "I've just finished my economy major. I'm currently unemployed.", "I am married. I have two kids.", "I'm on a strict raw diet."], "partner_persona": ["I am an avid reader.", "I enjoy watching documentaries.", "I recently started a new pa job 3 months ago.", "I am pregnant with my first child. I am married. I live in pa."], "current_conv": ["Just been to the shops to pick up a whole bunch of fruit and veg, this diet is tough!", "All diets are difficult, I believe you can do it though! What types of fruits did you get?", "I bought some strawberries kiwis bananas and some pears. how about you have you ever been on a diet?", "I did start somewhat of a diet when I got pregnant.  I don't know if diet is really the right word for it, but I've been actively trying to eat healthier for my baby.  I agree it's been hard, especially when I have cravings for sweets.", "haha i understand i bet its hard my wife craved gerkins when she was pregnant do you have any kind of weird cravings?", "Yep I get them all the time! Some of the weirdest ones were oysters, and also corned beef.  Luckily my husband has been great about taking care of me.", "oh i cant stand oysters or any sort of sea food for that matter and its good you have your husband keeping care of you how long have you been pregnant", "I'm a few days short of 5 months and already I can't wait for the little bug to be out of there.  How are your kids doing?", "so not long to go then and they are very good thank you what documentaries have you been watching?", "The last one that I really liked was The Social Dilemma.  Have you ever seen it?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing today?", "I'm good! I just finished a book! I read 1 every week", "Ah that is great. Nothing like a good book!", "Yeah! And I really enjoy a good documentary", "I don't have so much time anymore, just moved in a new house.", "Congrats! I just started my new pa job 3 months ago!", "Oh I don't have a job yet, just finished my economy major.", "That's good though! I'm about to have my first child! I'm pregnant", "Oh congrats! I'm married as well and got two kids!", "Nice! I just have my husband and we live in pa", "Sorry I gotta go so soon, I'm on a strict raw diet and have to eat!", "Interesting! Good luck with that!", "It was nice talking to you, good luck with your pa job!", "Thank you very much you too!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was married to a woman. I am no longer married. I have children.", "I am overweight.", "I am an atheist.", "I recently got a job. I work in a nursing home. I enjoy my job."], "partner_persona": ["I own horses. I live in the country. I want to live in a city.", "I want to become a lawyer.", "I have worked with horses my entire life."], "current_conv": ["My children came to visit and that made me alot happier than I've been.", "That is wonderful. Children can make you so happy. How far do they live?", "They're only about 40 minutes from my house, but that still seems to be far enough that I don't seem that often.  It was really great that they made the trip to see me.", "That is wonderful. What did you do with them? I always ride horses with my kids. ", "We just hung out and had dinner together.  It was nice just being able to chat with them and catch up.  I wish I had the means to do something more fun with them like horseback riding.  Do you keep your horses on your own land?", "Yes, for now I do. I am thinking of moving to the city. If I do that I will have to put them at a nearby ranch. ", "Interesting, why are you thinking of moving?  I would think being in the country would be way more peaceful and relaxing than the city.", "I want to be a lawyer, and there just aren't that many jobs available in the country. I will have amuch better chance of getting a job there. ", "Yeah that makes sense, you could always commute to your job though, right?  I think I know a few people at my work that drive in from the country.", "I would rather move to the city. I really don't want to have a long drive. I can just take a taxi.", "I understand that, I can see not wanting the daily drive.  And on a lawyer's salary you shouldn't have a problem finding a nice place close to where you work.  Have you started looking at jobs yet?", "Not yet. I am still busy with my horses. I think in a few months I'll get started."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm home on facebook since I don not work today.", "Hi. I live in the country, raise horse but I want to move to the big city.", "I use to live in the country with my wife.", "I want to move to the big city and be a lawyer.", "My wife left me. She took our children.", "I am so sorry to hear that.", "I'm so overweight and very unhappy.", "Maybe you should change your lifestyle. Start exercising.", "I do not believe in god, maybe that is the problem.", "Is there anything good in your life?", "I got a new job in a nursing home.", "Well, that is good. Do you enjoy the work?", "I did actually. Maybe this is what I need.", "I hope things get better for you. Maybe you should spend time with some horses.", "That sounds nice. Do you have horses?", "Born and raised on a horse farm. Spent my entire life with horses."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like animals a little.  I'm from Canada. I just joined the army.", "My grandfather was in WW1.", "I just turned 31.  I got a new car: a volvo s 40.", "I like cats."], "partner_persona": ["I just spray painted my hair.", "I am known to be an animal activist.", "My grandfather was in WW2.", "I am old.", "I have cats.  I watch birds with my cats. My cats are black and orange."], "current_conv": ["I have been enjoying driving my new car.  I am thinking about getting a cat.", "I highly recommend you getting a cat! They are great companions, are you thinking of a kitten or a grown cat?", "I am thinking an older cat, as they are harder for shelters to rehome and adopting from a shelter is important to me. Do you have recommendations on shelters I should consider?", "If there is a kill shelter in your area I would recommend that you might very well be saving a cats life. ", "I'll look into that. I have adopted both of my cats, but neither from a shelter. One was an unwanted kitten and the other's owner was 92 and couldn't care for him anymore. How did you come to be guardian of your cats? Tell me the story!", "I have always loved cats, I got my first cat when I was six. His name was Elmer Fudd.  I have always been partial to orange cats, but really just cats in general.  I know that black cats rarely get adopted because people are suspicious of them.  I always like to pick the ugly cat or the under dog because they have less chance of being adopted.", "Elmer Fudd is such a good name! My cats are Tag and Henry. Tag is the first cat I've ever had, and he is now 10. Henry is 11. Henry's owner was so scared to put him in a shelter (he was 9 at the time) because she thought nobody would adopt him. I'm so grateful he's mine now! He's awesome.  Like your cats, he loves watching birds -- we sit on our screen porch and do that. Do your cats go outside? Or watch from windows?", "My cats go in and out all day long, they are quite spoiled it seems like I am always getting up to let them in and out.  Luckily they don't catch birds only watch them.  I have moles in the yard and I wish they would catch those but they don't seem to be interests.  Do your cats like to ride in your new car?", "You have sweet, gentle kitties! Henry has caught two mice but otherwise my boys aren't hunters either. The car has been great, but it makes me miss my old car's gas mileage. I used to drive a Prius and I miss that car more than I like the volvo!", "Why did you trade in the Prius?", "The cats hate the car, unfortunately. I think it makes them nauseous. It's a bummber because I live 8 hours from family, and so traveling to see them is important and I wish the cats didn't hate it so much! Do yours enjoy the car? ", "Mine don't like the car either, the minute i put them in the kennel they scream.  I once had a cat that did like cars, but it ended up being a bad thing because he later got run over by a neighbors car because he wasn't afraid of cars.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi friend how are you this night?", "Hi, I just spray painted my hair rainbow color, am I weird?", "No! Lots of people do things like that.", "Yeah, do you like animals? I am know to be a animal activist", "A little. I'm from canada and I just joined the army.", "Let me guess, your grandfather was in ww2?", "No he was in world 1. How about you grandfather?", "He was in ww2, how old are you?", "I just turned 31 last month. And got a new car.", "Cool, I'm too old for me to even say, what kind of car did you get?", "I got a volvo s 40. And I'm liking it.", "Cool, I spend most of my time watching birds with my cats", "Nice you have cats? What color fur?", "They're black and orange", "That is really cool I like cats.", "Cool, tell me something interesting about yourself"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Larry. I love to cook.", "I am American. I love fishing.", "When I am not in the kitchen, I am on the water.", "I've never been on Twitter. I enjoy comics."], "partner_persona": ["I only eat organic food.", "I spend a lot of time on the internet. I enjoy using Twitter. I am up to date with gossip.", "I am a feminist.", "I don't like Trump."], "current_conv": ["I had a few days off recently so decided to go on a fishing weekend, I managed to catch five trout!", "That's great! What a fun start to spring. I used to go fishing with my dad. I know you're a good cook -- do you like to cook the fish you catch?", "I always eat what I catch.  I made a great pecan crusted trout in the oven.  I found the recipe on the internet. What's your favorite recipe site?", "That sounds so delicious. I love seafood myself. I love Bon Appetit and Epicurious! Do you have a favorite?", "I think that All Recipes has the most simple recipes to follow.  I don't like when a recipe gets very involved.  ", "Me either. Or when they go on forever with their life story before giving the recipe! Takes away from time spent, yanno, actually eating or doing other things. Like being outside, or reading, or whatever. You have such a variety of hobbies -- indoors and outdoors both. What's your favorite hobby? Fishing? Comics?", "I think my favorite hobby would be fishing, I just love being outdoors.  What about you? Do you like to be outdoors?", "I do! I love hiking and camping, and I'm a runner. We live in a really outdoorsy area where I am, and the sunshine lasts til after 930 PM even in April, so there's plenty of outside-ing to do here. :-) While I don't fish, I do love being on the water. We are near Lake Michigan so we are almost always at the beach. I want to buy a boat! Do you have a boat?", "That sounds great.  I know there are a lot of lakes in  your area.  I have a small fishing boat and also a fishing kayak.  Boats can be a lot of trouble, you have to maintain them frequently, but it is nice to be able to get out on the water.  When you run are you training for a race, or just running for the fun of it?", "Yeah, they're a ton of work - that's what my wife keeps telling me whenever I tell her I want one. :-) I used to constantly train for races, but life got in the way for awhile and I stopped. I've sent about the last six months getting back into race-shape (I'm not all that fast but just trying to not get injured), and I think I'm about ready to start signing up for things! There's a half marathon in Detroit I have my eye on. My favorite race I've done though was at Asbury Park beach in Jersey -- the ocean was beautiful! Do you walk/run/hike or anything like that ?", "I like to run but  mostly just do it to get exercise and burn some of my dogs energy.  I have done a few 5k's to raise money for charities, but a marathon seems very daunting to me.", "Running with a pet is so fun! I used to run with one of my childhood dogs. 5K is a great and fun distance; I like 10Ks too. I don't know if I'd ever run a marathon -- I'm not fast enough to do those long training runs regularly! It's like 4 hours of running every Sunday to do a long run, haha. I prefer shorter stuff that I can do more consistently. I like training for a half marathon but only because it gives me a longterm goal. Most people I know who run marathons really do a number on their bodies training. Doesn't seem good to me. However, marathon runners get to be marathon eaters so that's a plus! You like to cook, right? Can you recommend any good sweet potato dishes for carb loading?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there! My name is larry and I love to cook.", "Haha nice to meet you larry. What kind of food?", "I'm an american chef that also loves fishing.", "Oh that is cool. I only eat organic kinds of food", "That's great! I spend all my time out of the kitchen on the water.", "Haha awesome. I use the internet a lot. Especially twitter", "I've never been on twitter. I read comics though. Still life twitter.", "Oh man its awesome. I'm always up to date with gossip", "Maybe you can fill me in on what I am missing?", "Well I am a bit of a feminist. And us women are about to raise hell", "Oh dear! What is the hot topic right now? Do not say trump!", "Its def trump. He is a racist anti women anti god anti dogs, he hates rabbits", "He hates air if it isn't making him money. He will not last longer.", "Yea us women are gonna go on twitter and tell everyone how racist he is", "Maybe I will login and follow some of the action.", "Maybe you should. I need a organic chicken salad so bad"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am not into music that much. I don't have a lot of time.", "I don't have a job. I spend a lot of time skateboarding with my friends. I wear helmets when skating.", "I like to travel. I follow Rob Dryden around.", "I like black olive pizza."], "partner_persona": ["I love listening to the who.", "I work at a local supermarket in Ohio. I have never travelled outside of Ohio.", "I want to go to chicago. My favourite food is black olive pizza.", "I have a cat called Spook.", "I am not into fashion. I wear a uniform to work."], "current_conv": ["I've just been to the skate park with my friends, would love a black olive pizza right now!", "hey you need to get out more and go see some live concerts", "Oh yeah? Do you have any specific musicians in mind? I have been to an Indie music concert recently", "indie musib is my favorite, just saw minus the bear and met the whole band who signed an album", "Wow great. You must have spent a fortune for the VIP tickets. Were there many people at the venue?", "small venue, under 500, thats what makes it so fun and personal", "That sounds great. My concert a year ago was actually at a large stadium. Almost 10,000 people capacity. Couldn't see much what was going on on the stage haha", "either way, just adds to the memories, life is to short, but when in doubt eat black olive pizza! hey just might take up skateboarding!", "Yeah nothing can go wrong with black olive pizza. If you are not busy this weekend, what do you say we grab some beer and pizza", "ok, sounds good, you come to ohio often?", "I do visit Ohio once a while cuz my cousin lives there. Or you could come to Illinois sometime I know how you want to visit Chicago", "id like that, but theres a local indie band playing here next weekend at the pub, youll love this band, called circle jerks!!!"], "history_conv": [["Hiya, just wondering if you have any hobbies? I love skateboarding", "I love listening to the who.", "Cool group. I am not into music much, I do not have much time", "Do you work a lot? I work at a local supermarket here in ohio.", "No, I do not seem to have a job just skateboarding with all my friends!", "Are you able to travel? I ve never let ohio.", "I like travel and follow rob dryden around. Would you like to travel", "Yes. I want to go to chicago for black olive pizza. My fave.", "My fave too! Always hungry after skateboarding. What else do you like?", "My kitty spook. Do you like cats?", "Not much, they run in front of my skateboard good job I wear a hat!", "What kind of hat do you wear?", "Helmets, like rob dryden when skating. Do you like fashion?", "Eh, not so much I guess.", "There are lots of choices. Do you wear a uniform to work?", "Yes I do. Khaki pants and blue polo shirts. Boring, but it s a job."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have books on dance that are in Spanish. I got them in Spain. I have been to Spain. I was in Spain searching for books as Spain has a lot of books.", "I am 60. I never saw a library in Somalia.", "I feel I will be forced to retire in a few years due to the internet."], "partner_persona": ["I am learning to read English.", "I like to dance.", "I lived in Somalia. My aunt helped me escape. I was forced to marry someone in Somalia who I hated.", "I live in the US now. I am lucky.", "I am new to the internet. I have only had is for a few years."], "current_conv": ["I have found some new books in English. Once you have learned to read more, you should check them out.", "Thanks. what are the books about?", "One of the books is about a Jamaican woman going through the ups and downs of her life, it's called Queenie.", "That sounds interesting. what about the other books?", "Another one is called Rich Dad Poor Dad, it teaches us new things about money we may have never knew.", "That sounds like a good one to read. I am definitely interested in learning more about money. that wasn't something I really had to know about growing up.", "It really is, when you feel confident enough to read you should get that book.", "Do you have any other books you think I should read that would be beneficial?", "The 7 habits of highly effective wisdom. I know that it might not sound interesting, but you can learn a lot from it.", "well wisdom is definitely a good thing to learn to have. ", "It definitely is, no matter how old or young you are.", "what are the books you were looking for in Spain?"], "history_conv": [["Hey sonny, want to rent a book?", "I am still learning to read english. I am somali.", "Oh.. No want wants a book... I should just retire.", "I do like dancing. Do you have any books on dance?", "I do, but they are all in spanish. I got them in spain you see.", "Why were you in spain? I was in somalia until my aunt help me escape.", "I was searching the world for books. Spain has a lot of them.", "Spain sounds lovely! In somalia I was being forced to marry someone I hated....", "In all my sixty years I never did see a library in somalia. How tragic.", "Don't get me wrong, not all of somalia is bad, just... Restricted... For women.", "Is it true the age expectancy is 13?", "It all depends. Some of us are lucky and it is why I live in the us now.", "I feel like this newfangled internet will force me to retire in a few years.", "So funny! I only found it a few years ago and it opened my world."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I volunteer at a homeless shelter. I like volunteering.", "I work out several times a week. I am a professional wrestler.", "I love being around people."], "partner_persona": ["I have 3 dogs.", "I am  homemaker.", "My father was a door to door salesman, I thought I would be too.", "I also love being around people, and I am in a polyamorous relationship.", "I like to hike and be outdoors.", "I like volunteering."], "current_conv": ["I won a wrestling tournament title belt.", "Thats great! How many tournaments have you been it?", "I have been in 10 tourneys. It's a very fun career.", "It seems a little dangerous as well, have you ever been hurt?", "I've had two torn ACLs, and a broken arm. I really interested to hear about your career. What do you sell?", "I'm actually a home maker but I wanted to follow in my fathers foot steps as a door to door salesman but I never did.  He sold Kirby vacuums for over 25 years. ", "That's pretty cool. I remember the door-to-door salesmen very well. I just got rid of a set of encyclopedias that mother and father bought from a door-to-door salesman! How is the hiking going? Have you done any interesting trails lately? ", "I went on a hike at a local state park a few weeks ago.  It was great, but it seems like a lot of snakes are out lately!  How are your workouts going lately, do you do them at a gym?", "I do most of them at a local gym, but some at home too. It's a full-time commitment considering the field I'm in. ", "That makes sense! I've seen a lot of people doing more workouts at local parks.  I volunteered last week for a clean up hike at our local park.  We collected 50 bags of trash!", "Wow. It's crazy how may litter-bugs we have. How often do you volunteer?", "I try to volunteer at least once a month.  How about you?  Where do you volunteer?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how is your day going?", "Hi mine is going very slow how is yours?", "I am busy volunteering at a homeless shelter.", "Having three dogs keeps me busying cleaning my house.", "Cleaning house must be a great workout. I love working out several times a week", "It is a great work out.", "Cool where do you work?", "I am a homemaker you?", "Professional wrestler here. That is why I workout so much", "I thought I would always be a door to door salesperson as my father was.", "Ah cool you must love being around people too. We have that in common", "Yes I do one of the reason I'm in a poly amorous relationship", "That's awesome. What do you do in your spare time?", "I love hiking or being in the outdoors how about you?", "I volunteer whenever I'm able.", "I love to volunteer as well."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have dreams of being a big musician.", "I play the piano and guitar.  I am a custodian.", "In my dreams, my parents are not supportive.", "My favorite type of music is Folk. I like metal and rap.", "I eat clean. I love to exercise.", "I have not heard of the Disney races."], "partner_persona": ["I'm living my dream as a life coach.", "I have had chemotherapy.", "My parents are supportive when it comes to sports.", "I like metal and rap.", "I eat clean.", "I am a runner.  I do all of the Disney races. I dress in costume to race."], "current_conv": ["I looked up the Disney races, I may try one soon.  I am going to a piano bar tonight, have you ever been to one?", "Once. I went to one with a few out of town friends a few years back. It was a lot of fun. Do you go often?", "As much as i can go. I feel like i can learn a lot from other piano players.", "That's a solid plan. Perhaps you could ask for some tips or maybe even see if they'll let you play a song or two?", "I definitely ask for a lot of tips. I never thought about asking them if i could play though. That would really be a dream come true.", "Never hurts to ask. And the experience of playing in front of an audience could be valuable.", "You are definitely correct. No wonder you are a life coach! You definitely put a good idea in my head and motivated me!", "Good! I'm glad I was able to help. That's what makes me enjoy my job so much. ", "I can definitely understand that. Did you have this kind of a passion before you needed chemotherapy, or did it only happen after that?", "After. While going through all of that I got to see lots of good people doing everything they could to help others. It inspired me to want to help others as well.", "That is really inspiring to hear. I know it is an awful thing that you had to go through. However, sometimes life because that much more meaningful after such a horrible event.", "Definitely. Few things can open your eyes to new things and perspectives reminders of the fragility of life. Each new day is another joy to experience after thinking, for a time, that you wouldn't have many more."], "history_conv": [["Hi! I've dreams of being a big musician. What are your dreams?", "Hello, I'm living mine as a life coach!", "Nice. When I'm not singing, playing piano or guitar, I'm a custodian.", "The custodian at the hospital where I did chemotherapy was very nice.", "Are your parents supportive? Mine are not when it comes to my dreams.", "Not unless it is sports related.", "Folk is my favorite type of music. What is yours?", "I prefer metal. I do love rap too.", "So do I. I'm eating sushi for lunch, what about you?", "Fruits and some vegetables, anything that's clean.", "I'm a clean eater as well. Do you exercise? I do and I love it.", "I do. I'm a runner, I do all of the run disney races.", "Interesting. I never heard of those races. Sounds like fun.", "They're. I like to dress up in costume while running."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I plan lessons for class. I teach science.", "I love to garden and the outdoors. I like to explore new places.", "I belong to a church group.  I go on trips with my church group every summer. My church group does many charitable services.", "I love to research flowers and plan flower beds.  I have indoor plants too. My class loves my sensitive plant.", "I like a good violin."], "partner_persona": ["I plan lessons for class.  I teach piano.", "I like the outdoors.  I like to explore new places.", "I do not go to church.  I help at the homeless shelter.", "I do not have time to do charitable services.", "I play a few instruments.  I like to practice on them.", "My favorite instrument is the violin.  I love the violin.  My dad was a professional violinist. I take after my dad."], "current_conv": ["Would you every consider violin as a profession?  What is your favorite outdoor place to visit and which new place to you plan to visit next?", "woah there. Slow down cowboy. One question at a time. ", "Okay. Ever thought about playing violin professionally like your dad?", "I have, but, as much as I hate to say it, I'm not sure I", "I'd love to hear you play. What instruments do you play besides violin and piano?", "Sorry about that. Fat Thumbs. LOL      I've dabbled in so many. Clarinet, oboe, sax, upright bass, marimba. You play anything?", "No, I wish I did. I really like violin but never took lessons. My garden takes most of my free time. Do you garden at all?", "I don't. It takes forever to clean my hands after, and if I start getting dirt on my instruments it's a major problem. What are you growing this year?", "Lots and lots of flowers! Planning flower beds is a fun challenge and it's great to be outdoors. Do you like hiking? That's one of my favorite hobbies.", "I love it. Got a nice hike planned for tomorrow in fact. ", "Ooh! Tell me about this hike!", "Highland Park. They've got maybe 20 miles of trails. Far enough from the city that it's nice and empty and I can just relax in peace."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I am planning my lesson for class tomorrow.", "Awesome me too! What do you teach? I teach piano.", "I teach science. I love gardening and the outdoors. So science is the best.", "I like the outdoors also, especially exploring new places that I have not seen before.", "Yes, that is me also. I go on trips with my church group every summer.", "That is good! I don't attend church but I help out at the homeless shelter.", "How nice of you. Our church group does many charitable services.", "That's nice! I wish I had time! What do you do for fun?", "I love to research flowers and plan my flower beds. I also have several indoor plants.", "Awesome! I practice my instruments, I play a few. I guess I took after my dad.", "I have a sensitive plant. My class loves it. What is your favorite instrument?", "Whats that? Violin, my dad was a professional. I guess that's why I love it.", "It is a plant that closes when you touch it. I like a good violin.", "Oh! Sorta like a venus fly trap? Those are neat.", "Yes, sorta, but it doesn't eat bugs. Look them up online. Very cool.", "I defiantly will! Its been nice talking to you tonight!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at burger king.  I like to make money and I work to get away from my parents.", "My mind does not work to program stuff.", "I will go to college when I figure out what I want to do.", "I am 19.  My friends are away at school. I live at home.  I avoid my parents.", "I am not an alcoholic or drug addict."], "partner_persona": ["I do not work.  I stream on twitch.", "I used to design video games.", "I am an engineering major.", "I started avoiding people after I finished school.", "I am building a robot clone. I am talented in technology.  I am famous."], "current_conv": ["Once I figure out what I want to do in life, maybe I will become famous to as I like to make money.", "Being famous isn't always as great as it sounds Haha!", "Well as long I make a lot of money, I can accept the hardships of being famous, lol", "Ha, maybe but remember there's more important things than money. Happiness should always be your priority! And trust me with fame, happiness is sometimes very hard to find! ", "I understand that, I do not see my self becoming famous so I do not worry about it. I try to do what makes me happy", "Well that's the main thing! Have you had any more thoughts about what you want to do in college yet? ", "not really, I am not technical or have any great skills. I may study business. I would like to own a business one of these days.", "That could be a good idea, studying business can give you a lot of different options as well! ", "That is why I like it, It is like \"general studies\" but with more of a focus", "Yeah good point. How's your job at Burger King going? ", "I got flipping burgers down to a science, lol", "Haha, I'll have to order some when your next working, as long as you give me extra fries, haha!"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today?", "Hi I'm doing great how are you today", "Eh, bumming I've to work today. It s a whopper day.", "Where do you work? I don't work anymore I just stream on twitch", "The burger king. I work for money and to get away from my nagging parents", "That sounds like a good job. I used to design a videogame", "I wish I could program stuff. My mind doesn t work that way", "Are you still in school? I was an engineering major", "I didn t want to go to college until I figured out what I want to do.", "That is very smart to do. After I finished school I started avoiding people", "I m 19 and all my friends went away to school. I m still at home avoiding parents!", "You'll figure out what you want to do soon enough.", "You sound nice. It s not like I m an alcoholic or drug addict, just do have a passion", "I'm building a robot clone of myself so I don't have to go anywhere", "That s impossible! No way you can do that!", "Yeah I am very talented when it comes to technology I am even famous"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to hike. I like cookies.", "I have a black lab named Trooper.", "I live in Colorado. I am a mechanical engineer.", "I like rock climbing."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like hiking.", "I have 2 dogs. King is a German Shepherd. Major is an English Bulldog.", "I have a job. I am a baker. I like baking. I enjoy competitive baking.", "I have never been to Colorado. I was born in Central Virginia.", "I have a wife."], "current_conv": ["Trooper and I went on a hike and the most interesting thing happened!", "oh that sounds interesting what happened?", "I saw three baby owls! they were beautiful! ", "that is pretty cool i have never seen an owl what colour was they", "light brown. so cute! speaking of cute -- tell me about your dogs!", "they are so energetic were always going on long walks but never really see much wildlife such as owls do you have any other hobbies", "nothing like a nice dog walk :-) I'm out in colorado so I hike a lot and rock climb. anything to be outside. do you hike?", "oh yeah i bet the weater is amazing for hikes and no not really like i said i enjoy biking so im rather on the large side haha", "biking is fun too! one way to burn off that baking :-) what's your favorite thing to bake?", "I do enjoy niking on nice days and i love baking different cakes like red velvet and carrot cake", "oooh I love red velvet cake with cream cheese icing! do you bake from recipes or do you just sort of know what to do?", "a bit of both really the more and more i bake a certain thing i start to remember and when im confiedent i will start experimenting have you ever baked?"], "history_conv": [["Good day how are you today?", "Doing just fine. Just pulled some cookies out of the oven. Smells heavenly.", "Sounds good, I just returned from a hike so cookies would be great right now", "Oh man. I bet my dogs would love going hiking. Just not my thing though.", "Small world, I've a black lab and his name is trooper, what is your dogs name?", "I've a german shepherd named king and an english bulldog named major.", "Awesome, what do you do for a living?", "I actually a professional baker. What about you?", "That's why you made cookies! My trade is mechanical engineer and I am in colorado", "I like being a baker. But I much prefer the county bake sale. Love the competition.", "I bet you will do great, I will stick to rock climbing", "I have always wanted to visit colorado. Is it as beautiful as it is on tv?", "I think so, the mountains are covered in snow, where are you located?", "I live in central virginia. Lived here all my life. It is beautiful. But normal for me.", "Is there a hobby you have besides baking?", "My wife, my dogs and my baking are the loves of my life."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like classical and gospel music. I sing in my church choir.", "I have a sister.", "I am 25 years old. I live on a farm. I drive a red tractor. My favorite color is red.", "I am married.", "I like to hike."], "partner_persona": ["I just turned 18.", "I like all kinds of music. I like Elvis Presley. I have a pet fish.", "I love red tractors.", "I am married. I like to hike.", "I have an orange wig."], "current_conv": ["How is your pet fish doing?", "My fish is doing great, I feel happy too as I got it for my new wife as soon as we got hitched and married.", "Oh wow. Just like that? But you are so young! When I was your age, I wanted to see the world so I decided to travel!", "Yah, my parents find it weird but ever since listenting to Elvis Presley I realized what love truly is.. and I found it. What do you live to do while traveling? ", "I worked from place to place while traveling. Like at the youth hostel and such. When I was in Mexico, I was actually a missionary. In England, I joined a soccer group and worked as an assistant coach", "Speaking of coaching I use to have a coach for my hiking club, we would run miles on those sunny days. I remember it like it was yesterday. Since I love all types of music, we would play different genres every mile of distance we would hike", "Oh cool! I see you have been very active outdoor as well. Still doing outdoor stuff? I enjoy hiking on the weekend. Sometimes camping too!", "Yah I love to do outside stuff, it is kinda embarrasing as I wear an orange wig to protect my natural hear from all the hard sweating. Camping would definitely help my orange wig not mess up so much since its more sedentary than hiking.", "Great! Well just so you know my favorite color is red haha! Recently, I started going to church more often and I found true passion in religion. So I do outdoor stuff less and less", "Your favorite color is red! Thats so interesting because I have a implement carrier tractor that I use for recreational purposes. What do you do at church choir?  Have you ever sung Elvis Presley? ", "Oh well. I love Elvis Presley but we don't really sing Elvis Presley in church. Mostly gospel music haha! You should come to church with me sometime!", "Will they allow my orange wig in Church? Ha it seems kind of un-religious to have a modification to my body like that"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing today?", "I just reached the age of majority, I can vote!", "That is awesome! What kind of music do you like?", "Every kind. What about you?", "I like classical and gospel. I sing at church.", "My favorite gospel singer is elvis presley. He looks like my pet fish", "That is funny! My sister is an entertainer. She dances on poles.", "That must hurt. How old are you?", "I am 25. I live on a farm and drive a red tractor.", "A red tractor? I love red tractors", "Yes. It is my favorite color. How old are you?", "I just turned 18. We should get married and drive a red tractor", "That is sweet! I am already married, though.", "So am I. But we could go hiking and look at the sunset", "I love hiking! And sunsets. I see amazing sunsets from my tractor.", "Lol I wish your tractor was orange. Then it would match my wig"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am married.", "I have two children. I just moved into a new house.", "I am on a raw food diet.", "I like the Rolling Stones.", "I am a full time college student. I am an economics major."], "partner_persona": ["I have three horses.", "I am newly married. I work on a farm. I work with my father. I have no children.", "I am on a raw food diet.", "I like the Rolling Stones."], "current_conv": ["So, how are you and the wife enjoying married life?", "we love it. But I guess all newly married couple love it at first, :)", "I love it still, even after many years! does your wife work on the farm with you?", "No, she is a teacher. Plus she is from the city and knows nothing about a farm", "I grew up in the city and moving to a more rural place was crazy for me, especially as a student. I had no idea how much work went into maintaining a home! ", "I can see were it is difficult at first. You basically have to work 24 hours taking care of the animals. But I grew up doing it so it is second nature to me", "that must be so rewarding though, to work with animals and land like that. which part of it is your favorite?", "the animals, nothing beats seeing a fowl being born and watching it grow up. I imagine it is like having kids.", "that's so awesome. do you raise/care for the animals all their lives? sell them? what type of farm is it?", "we have chickens running around and a few cows but we mostly have horses which we do sell", "that's amazing. my wife grew up in kentucky so she loves horses because of derby! today is derby day. do you watch the races?", "wow, I did not realized that it was Derby day. I think they did not have one last year?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I am eating some raw spinach salad for lunch. You?", "Sounds yummy, I am feeding horses, my lunch is later", "Cool! My wife and kids love horses", "I have three horses, how many children do you have?", "Two kids. They love our new house. You have kids?", "Not yet, just got married and pretty busy on the farm", "Nice. I've been studying farmers finances as part of my economics major", "Wow, complicated field that's changing everyday", "Definitely. I try to keep my brain sharp by eating a raw diet", "Me too, lucky to be on the farm, do you find your health improved?", "I do. I make sure to relax too by seeing the rolling stones once a year", "Great band! I always have some rock playing while I work", "Do you work elsewhere besides the farm?", "Not during harvest, my father needs full time help, you?", "I'm a full time college student right now while my wife supports us", "That is great, building a family takes time, good luck"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My dog is a German Shepherd.  I love coloring books.", "My husband struggled in his early life, but things have improved for him so much that he lets me get anything I desire.", "I have been married for 5 years, and we live in the boondocks.", "My husband and I are farmers. We have sheep, horses and German Shepherds.", "I have two kids.  My kids enjoy coloring."], "partner_persona": ["I do not currently feel well. My wife and I are going to split.", "My wife spends a lot of money on coloring books.", "I live in close proximity to my job. I am a car salesman.", "I have two kids.  The kids use all of my money.", "We have an obnoxious parrot as a pet."], "current_conv": ["I rode one of my horses for the first time!  He seemed a bit hesitant to let me ride him, but eventually he warmed up to it and walked around my property without misbehaving.  It was a nice bonding experience for us.", "It sounds fun, I am sort of scared of horses.", "They're really sweet when you get to know them. Do you ever watch the Kentucky Derby horse race? It is held once a year and it is today!", "I'll watch it when I come across it on TV. But I did not realized it was on today. I'll try to watch it if I feel well enough.", "I'm so sorry you're under the weather. Do you know what's making you sick?", "It is not that I am sick, it is my family life getting me down", "You must be feeling stressed about the divorce. Do you wanna talk about it?", "nothing much I could say, we just decide it was best to get a divorce.", "I got divorced in my late 20s -- it was hard, but it led to me finding my wife whom I'm married to now! I know it probably feels like there's no end in sight, but you'll come out on the other side of it. Tell me something you feel hopeful or positive about? Might help you feel better", "The only thing positive is my job as a car salesman. I like meeting different people and making them happy with a new car.", "nothing like a good vehicle! I use my truck for everything. it feels like a family member! what type of cars do you sell?", "We are a Chevrolet dealership. You need a new truck?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? Sitting here with my beautiful shepherd.", "Hey! German shepherd? I'm feeling pretty crappy right now.", "Yes! When I'm down, I pick up my coloring book. I love them!", "My wife spends so much money on those coloring books", "My husband had a hard early life, then adopted, so he lets me get whatever!", "How long have you been married? My wife and I are separating soon.", "So sorry. 5 years. And we live in the boondocks.", "I wish I lived in the boondocks but I've to stay close to my crappy job.", "Yeah, well, we are farmers. Sometimes it is a hard life.", "That sounds better than what I do selling cars.", "Oh, yeah, I'd not like that. We have sheep, horses and german shepherds.", "Do you have kids too?", "Two kids. And they like to color, too!", "We have 2 kids too and they like to spend all my money", "Kids are good at that! What about pets?", "We have a parrot who can be quite obnoxious."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to live in Germany.", "I am not very good at swimming.", "I play board games. I enjoy rollercoasters and skydiving.", "I like concerts. I like watching cooking shows.", "I like hummus. I am vegan."], "partner_persona": ["I would like to live at the beach.", "I like to play board games. I have kids.", "I like to go to concerts. I watch documentaries. I am a fan of walking dead.", "I like red pepper.", "I am vegetarian.", "My parents were culinary teachers."], "current_conv": ["I just watched the documentary My Octopus Teacher it is a nature documentary. Have you seen it?", "No I have not seen it, but I love documentaries is it good?", "It is definitely more interesting than I thought it would be. What other documentaries would you recommend for me to check out next?", "I think you should watch college admissions", "Is that a documentary? Do you know any good food related ones?", "Yes, its a documentary. I usually watch vegetarian documentaries, Food Inc is good", "I have seen that it really bummed me out. Maybe I just want to watch a cooking show to get inspired. With such a culinary family do you watch shows like that?", "Yes I really liked that show!", "I think I might watch top chef. Get some ideas for next weeks shopping", "That is a good show? What are you thinking of making?", "I like it. I think I might make some kind of Mexican meal for cinco de mayho.", "That sounds good, I will probably go the beach for cinco de mayo"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, I decided to pack up my belongings and move here from germany.", "Hello. That sounds fun, except I'd move to the beach.", "The beach is nice, but I am not very good at swimming.", "Do you play board games? They are mine and my kids favorites.", "I do play board games, but I enjoy more excitement like rollercoasters and skydiving.", "Skydiving is fun. I also like to go to up concerts, they're my favorite.", "I like concerts and I like watching cooking shows, what do you watch?", "Mainly documentaries. I am a fan of the walking dead.", "That is a great show! I always make a batch of hummus and watch it.", "Hummus is great. I like the red pepper.", "That is my favorite. I eat alot since I'm a vegan.", "I'm a vegetarian, so I eat a lot of hummus as well.", "That's great, we have that in common!", "My parents were culinary teachers, they taught me to cook."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love the Mean Girls movie. I have two pups.", "I am currently single.", "I have a job. I enjoy bubble baths. I am a volunteer.", "I am afraid of aging."], "partner_persona": ["I love the Mean Girls movie.", "I have a pug and a cat.", "I am currently single. I like to party alot. I do charity work.", "I am afraid of heights."], "current_conv": ["How are the furbabies? I would be interested in sending a cash donation towards your charity work. Would this be ok?", "The furbabies are doing great, as energetic as ever! That would be amazing, we focus on helping the less fortunate in the community.", "Great! I just took my dogs for a quick walk. What does your charity do to help the less fortunate?  ", "What breed of dog do you have? We take over abandoned buildings to turn them into public housing, specifically targeted in at-risk communities. Have you volunteered anywhere lately?", "They are mini Australian shepherds. That is amazing. I have been volunteering at my local animal shelter. Taking their dogs for walks with my own. ", "How precious! It seems you really love dogs, do you work somewhere that involves dogs or animals? ", "I do not.I just love animals so much I spend my spare time with them.  I work at a tech start up ", "I am with you there, I also love animals and try to spend a lot of time with them. What kind of tech start up? That sounds interesting.", "A software company. It can be intersting but definitely has that young feel which I love. ", "It sounds like it would be intriguing and exciting working for a tech start-up, especially in today's age. I can understand the young feel to it.", "It definitely isn't the old office feel which I love. You are free to be you instead fo a suit. ", "That is so important, especially now. I'm glad you found a job that allows for a \"new\" feeling, and especially glad you have escaped the traditional office life!"], "history_conv": [["Am I alone in this chat room?", "I'm here how are you?", "Oh good, I was getting confused. I'm doing good, how about you?", "I'm good I'm watching mean girls I love this movie", "I love that movie as well. Just watched it last weekend snuggled with my two pups.", "Awe I have a pug and a cat!", "Since I am single at the moment, my dogs are a valued distraction.", "Right? I party a lot cause I am single and bored what do you do for fun", "Oh I love relaxing. Bubble baths after a long day at work are just the best.", "Nice! I do a lot of charity work like food banks do you?", "Yes, I sometimes volunteer and teach chess to kids at the hospital.", "Any fears? I am terrified of heights", "I am only terrified of aging! My thirties horrify me!", "Oh no! I try to just live life and party right now!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like cheeseburgers.", "I like to watch crime dramas.  I like to watch war documentaries.", "I do volunteer work at a soup kitchen.", "I have close friends."], "partner_persona": ["I like fish and chips. I like shrimp.", "I am related to Christopher Columbus.  I like to watch documentaries.", "I have European relatives.  I have been to Spain.", "I used to volunteer.", "I paint.  I went to art school last year full-time."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any upcoming travel plans coming up?", "Yes, i am actually going to Europe for a few weeks. I have been missing my extended family out there, so i am going to take advantage of vacation and see them all.", "That's good, besides seeing your family do you have any ideas of what you're going to do in Europe?", "I have been to Spain before, so i will just go there to visit with family. I plan on doing the Euro railing. A lot of my European family has already done it in their lives. Now it is defintely my turn. Going from city to city and country to country by train, and seeing all the sights and enjoy all the local cuisines.", "That sound fun! I would love to do that one day. You have to tell me how it went after you get back.", "I will definitely tell you all about it! I will make sure to eat one cheeseburger in each country, so i can tell you which country has the best ones! Haha ", "That would be amazing if you do, so I can try different types of food until I get to the country with the best cheeseburger.", "I will definitely do that for you! Do you think you would go with your close friends traveling, or with your family?", "Thanks so much! And I'm definitely taking my close friends, but if my sister or cousin wants to come whenever I decide to do this trip then they can. ", "That is fantastic! Maybe I could meet you in some of my favorite countries while you are out there, so i can show you guys around the places that i am going to now!", "Yes we should meet up. Our little group would probably get lost somewhere if it's not for you or some tour guide showing us around.", "It will be a lot of fun! You can definitely count me in!"], "history_conv": [["I crave cheeseburgers. What food do you crave?", "Fish and chips are my weakness.", "I watch crime dramas and war documentaries. What are your favorite tv shows?", "Anything that is a documentary of christopher columbus, he is a relative.", "Have you told many people about this relation?", "Of course. It is no secret in my family, especially among my european relatives.", "I help out at the local soup kitchen. Do you volunteer too?", "I used to cook paella for a kitchen in spain.", "I never heard of paella. What is it?", "It is a fish and seafood stew.", "I bet it is delicious. Do you eat shrimp too?", "Yes, I do. I painted a shrimp portrait for art school last year.", "That is interesting. How did your class project do?", "Very well. It sold for a lot of money for charity.", "I like to have close friends. How sociable are you?", "Not very, I travel a lot and go to school full time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love pizza.", "Charlie is my dog.", "I love the smell of grass. I have a honda car with a stereo. I want to trade my 2015 civic for a cadillac."], "partner_persona": ["I love to grill.", "I gamble.", "I love to cut grass.", "I came south for the winter. I am from down south.", "I am retired. I need company."], "current_conv": ["Have you decided to come over", "Yes, I  need company a lot. Ever since i was retired I havent seen many coworkers so I will decide to come over . Maybe I can grill for yall and give yall some southern taste!", "Sounds great! I can pick up some supplies from the grocery store. Anything you'd like?", "Pick up some dice so I can gamble after this.. if the most fun thing to do with this much inheritance and money garnered over the past few years., Ill teach you how t do that too", "Sounds like fun. Do you go to some place locally to gamble or is there somewhere out of state you travel to regularly?", "I always come South for the winte So I do it in a place that is near the southern border. Like South Carolina, Florida, or even texas", "I hear there are some big casinos in Oklahoma near the border. Have you ever gone to one of those?", "Yes, all the time. Oklahoma has nice grass so I cut the grass there too for side hustle money and to get some sun after being retired.  But yah, gambling in their casinos is definitely so fun.", "How often do you go to the casinos? I don't know much about gambling so I'd worry about losing too much money.", "I go every other month to gamble all my retired checks. I also love to see the people there as it gives me a refresher of how life and being active is.", "It does sound like a good way to meet a lot of people from different walks of life. You must have met a lot of interesting people along the way.", "Yes, especially in the south. Everyone is just so much more socialable and fun compared to the north or the west. I treally is a true experience. You should start gambling too, just put a small amount of money in it and it will work"], "history_conv": [["I think I am going to have pizza for lunch. I love pizza.", "That is cool. I am grilling out today with I love to do.", "You could grill my pizza! I will put charlie in the car and come over.", "Great idea, then we can go gambling which I always do when I've time.", "Perfect. Well, charlie is a dog. Can he gamble too?", "Heck why not? Plus I need to cut the grass which I love.", "I love the smell. I can play the stereo in my honda while you mow.", "That is funny. I'm soo glad I came down south for the winter.", "Where are you from? I'm from where my favorite rapper is from.", "Down south where I've been retired for many years now.", "I cannot wait to retire. I will trade in my 2015 civic for a cadillac.", "Maybe it will be possible if I will the big one gambling!", "You'll hit the big one! Then you can teach me.", "That would be my pleasure!", "Perfect. Then I can retire early and grill with you all day.", "I would absolutely love that I need the company!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to eat. I eat much when I am bored.", "I have treadmill, rowing as hobbies. I spend time at the gym."], "partner_persona": ["I just finished studying.", "I am studying art in college. I am a painter. I want to be an art teacher.", "I enjoy cooking especially paella.", "I like to travel. I go to Europe twice a year. Christopher Columbus is a distant relative."], "current_conv": ["I went to the gym and did a lot of rowing that my arms are sore.", "That must of been a good workout you did. What are you going to eat to fuel your body?", "Literally anything, I eat when I am bored, and after that treadmill sessoion really allowed me to eat some pizza from papa johns. I will be ordering it tonight haha.", "I guess you need to gain back all those calories you burned. What type of pizza you're getting?", "I might eat some pepperoni pizza for the extra meat , It depends how I feel as I still have an extra gym session to go to .", "Wow I thought you were done with the gym for today.", "Lol no, I love the gym and I love going there. I practically live in there at this point", "Well I can understand that. If I have nothing to do all day, I would just keep painting until I realize what time it is.", "Painting? I dabble into it sometimes. Have you ever thought to be an artist or art teacher? I heard they make good money and also have good quality jobs", "Yea, I want to become an art teacher and maybe sell some paintings on the side.", "Do you have any other hobbies that you cant stand to live without? Similar to how I cant stand to live without the gym", "I like to cook and travel to different places."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today?", "Hello! I'm doing great thanks! Just finished some studying.", "I have been at the gym. What are you studying?", "I'm studying art in college,", "Are you a sculptor? Or a painter?", "I am actually a painter, but I am hoping to be an art teacher.", "Teaching is a great profession, I think. Do you have any hobbies?", "I enjoy cooking, especially paella, and I like to travel.", "I love to eat. I eat too much when I'm bored, though. Where have you been?", "Mostly to europe. I go twice per year. Christopher columbus is actually a distant relative.", "Wow. That is pretty impressive. How did you find that out?", "Through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather.", "That's so cool. I do not think I'm related to anyone like that.", "Sometimes we forget famous people are the same as you and I. Do you have any hobbies?", "Treadmill, rowing machine... I spend a lot of time at the gym", "Well, that is a great way to stay healthy. Awesome for you!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I also like Frozen movie.", "I watch kids play in the playground. I am a third grade teacher. I do not have kids. I like playing games with the kids in my class.", "I have not gone to disney world.", "I like scrabble, stratego, risk and clue games.", "I love monopoly. I have 2 dogs.", "I live in Atlanta."], "partner_persona": ["Frozen is my favourite movie.", "I am 8 years old and in third grade. I like playing in the playground with friends.", "I go to disney world every year. Mickey Mouse is my favourite.", "I like sorry and monopoly.", "I live in Ohio. I have a german shepard."], "current_conv": ["I taught my dogs a new trick today.", "That is great? What was it? I wish my parents would get me a dog.", "I thought them both how to roll over. They learnt the trick so quickly", "What kind are they? My family has a german shepard but I want a dog of my own you know?", "I have a Boxer and a pug", "That is a fun mix. Do they go to the park with you? ", "I try to go every morning before I head off to school. Mornings can get busy with teaching and I sometimes have to get someone else to do it", "I went to the park twice today. I love weekends because we have no school and I can still see my friends. I think we are going to watch Frozen again tonight too! It's a great night for me.", "That sounds like fun! I love Frozen. Most of my weekend will probably be taken up with grading homework, taking the dogs out for walks and maybe if I'm lucky I'll get to play Clue.", "It is supposed to rain tomorrow so we are going to have a board game competition ", "What board game are you going to play? Scrabble, Stratego, Risk and Clue are my \"go to\" games for rainy days", "I like playing candyland most. Scrabble is hard but my parents let me use my spelling lists."], "history_conv": [["What are you doing tonight. I am listening to music", "I am singing songs from frozen my favorite movie.", "I liked the movie too. How old are you?", "8 in third grade. I like to play on the playground with my friends. You?", "I watch kids on the playground. I teach third grade.", "Awesome! Have you ever been to disney world? I go every year.", "I haven't had the pleasure but I am sure I'll soon!", "You have to meet mickey mouse he's my favorite. Do you have kids?", "I don't have kids yet except in class and I love playing games with them.", "What games do you play?", "I like scrabble, stratego, risk and clue a lot plus many others, you?", "I like sorry and monopoly. Do you have pets?", "I love monopoly. Yes, I do I've two dogs, you?", "Yes I've a dog too. I live in ohio, where do you live?", "I live in atlanta. What kind of dog do you have?", "A german shepherd, what about you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dream of singing folk music. Both of my parents are alive.", "I am a janitor.", "I like to sing. I play guitar. I play piano.", "I love Mexican food.", "I like to watch Youtube. I do not watch TV.", "I work four times per week. I work as a custodian for the school board."], "partner_persona": ["I work in construction. I work on the weekend. I am older than sixteen.", "I do not have children. I like Nascar and UFC.", "I love mexican food."], "current_conv": ["I have been working on recording a new song. ", "That sounds pretty awesome. What kind of music do you record?", "I LIKE THE FOLF MUSIC, SOMETHING IN A BALLARD FORM LIKE BOB DYLAN ABOUT BUTTERFLIES", "WOW THAT SOUNDS AMAZING. I LIKE TO LISTEN TO MUSIC AT MY FAVORITE MEXICAN PLACE", "I LOVE MEXICAN TOO, SO FEASTIVE NO MATTER WHAT DAY BUT CYNCO DEMIO MY FAVORITE TIME", "Yes, Cinco De Mayo is quite fun. My favorite Mexican restaurant also plays all the NASCAR races on their big screen televisions. It's so nice.", "MY LOCAL REASURANT HAS NASCAR ON SUNDAYS WHILE EVERYONE ENJOYS MAGERITIAS", "That sounds like a lot of fun. Do you often attend?", "EVERY SUNDAY JUST FOR NASCAR AND DRINKS, LOVIN DOME TACOS ABOUT NOW!", "It does sound like you enjoy it very much, you've yelled about it the whole time.  You must be very passionate about Mexican food.", "THE CROWDS THE BEST, PEOPLE SO FRIENDLY EVEN 15 YEAR OLDER GET INTO IT", "I'd love to attend a great weekend race day. Unfortunately I work weekends so I often cannot go."], "history_conv": [["I wish my parents would stop saying singing folk music is not a realistic dream", "I can see how that would bother you.", "I work as a janitor so I think my parents are wrong about my realism", "I've been working in construction since I've been 16.", "That is hard work. Do you have any children", "None for me watching nascar racing and ufc on tv is my passion", "My fav activity is multitrack recording with piano guitar and singing", "Cool. Talking about fav things, I love mexican food.", "I do too. Even taco bell I like. If you call that mexican food", "Lol, yes that is mexican food. What do you do in your spare time?", "Play and sing folk music. I will prove my parents wrong and make it big", "You just might do that. I love to watch television.", "I love to watch youtube. I miss tv sometimes though", "Nice. Do you work during the week? I only work on weekends now.", "Yes 4 times per week for the school board as a custodian", "Oh ok. So after custodial work, you will be a folk musician?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to eat. I like fresh produce.", "I like to travel. I have a yacht.", "I am afraid of cooking for other people.", "I am 23 years old.", "I live in Seattle."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a convenience store connected to a gas station.", "I love gardening. I like eating fresh produce.", "I am afraid of clowns.", "I am 20. My dad is 70. I was adopted when I was five years old."], "current_conv": ["What kind of things have you been growing in your garden? Does your father garden with you? ", "I'm growing tomatos and bell peppers.   They work great in  most recipes.  You should take a cooking class to get used to making for  other people", "Ooh tomatoes and peppers, there's nothing better than a homegrown tomato. A cooking class does sound like a fun idea, I'm sure I can find one somewhere in the city. Have you ever taken one?", "No but my dad is a great cook and I've learned from him.  Maybe I could be your chef on your yacht", "That would be fun, I do love to eat. How is your job going are you still working at the convenience store?", "Yes, I kind of like it. I get to see so many people.  It makes the day go by fast.  Do you have any upcoming travel plans", "That's great always good to do something you enjoy for work. Yes I was thinking of going to Italy soon. For the food if nothing else haha.", "That would be an amazing trip.  I would love to travel to europe some day.  ", "It's a beautiful country I've gone twice already, you definitely should do it at some point.", "I will put it on my bucket list, first I would like to travel across the US, maybe I will stop in seattle!", "Seattle is a great city, if you stop by I'll show you my yacht!", "Sounds like a plan, maybe I can give you a quick cooking lesson"], "history_conv": [["Boy, I'm starving. Is it lunch time yet? I love to eat.", "I work at a convenience store if you want gas station food.", "That sounds good. I travel and eat all around the world.", "That sounds fun. I love gardening and eating fresh produce", "Fresh produce sounds great. I wish I could garden on my yacht.", "Do you have any phobias. I'm deathly afraid of clowns?", "I am afraid of cooking for people. I do not think I make anything edible.", "That is a good fear to have. Keeps you from killing someone", "Yeah. I think since I'm only 23 there's plenty of time to learn.", "I would totally go on a blind date with you on your yacht.", "You are more than welcome to! Travel to seattle.", "You sound more interesting that the people my dad tries to get me with", "You tell your dad that you are coming to eat with me on the yacht!", "I will, but he probably would have a heart attack due to his age.", "How old are you and how old is your dad?", "I'm 20 and he's 70. I was adopted when I was 5. He's old"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to read and write peotry.", "I like coffee.", "I like fishing. I like Star Wars.", "I like cycling. I played division in football. I enjoy playing football.", "I like to do space travel."], "partner_persona": ["I am Larry. I am a chef.", "I do not like coffee. I like cooking and fishing.", "I like Star Wars a little. I like comic books.", "Spiderman is my favourite. I like Spiderman's mysterousness."], "current_conv": ["The next time around I would like to join so that I can try writing poetry.", "Absolutely!  My creative writing class has no limits with what we want to write about, as long as it's original.  How long have you been writing poetry?", "Its been years I started writing and I like to play football as well", "For class, are you looking to share or are wanting feed back ?", "Nothing I am just sharing. What would you like to do when you are alone?", "Cooking keeps me busy most of the time.  When I can, I'll go fishing.  I just started the writing class because I'm hoping to maybe write my own comic book one day.  Still waiting to see if I have what it takes.  Are you still playing for a division or just for fun now?", "Yes I am still on it and it is very interesting. DO you like it?", "I'm more of a sit back and watch some college football fan myself.  Would love to play but I can't take a chance of hurting my hand.  Bump hand means I can't work.  How long have you been playing?", "I have been playing this for 2 years. All we need to do is take some risk to achieve certain things in life ", "That's true.  I guess that's why I'm trying to write.  I'm not saying I would quit my day job, but it could start a second career for me.  Do you ever read comics?", "Yeah I love Comics. This keeps my sad day an interesting one. Whenever I am sad I start reading a comic book ", "I hear ya!  They always pick me up too.  I know at my age I should be reading novels but part of what draws me to comics are the graphics.  Any chance you draw?  That's one thing I can't do!"], "history_conv": [["I love to read and write poetry, do you enjoy it too?", "Yes. My name is larry and I'm a chef. Do you like cooking?", "No, I like to taste coffee, do you?", "Not really into coffee. I love cooking but also enjoy fishing. Do you like fishing?", "I do. I like stars wars too, are you a fan?", "Somewhat. I love comic books though. Do you have a favorite super hero?", "I like cyborg because I played division a football, and you?", "Well spiderman has always been my favorite. Did you enjoy playing football?", "Yes I did. What do you like most about spiderman?", "His mysteriousness. Do you enjoy being outdoors?", "Not much, I'd like to do space travel though, sounds fun right?", "Absolutely. I can either be found cooking or fishing.", "I bet I could write good poetry while fishing, its pretty quiet right?", "Yes has to be quiet for the fish to bite."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live on a farm. I have a tractor.", "I have a sister.", "I go to church.", "I like classical music.", "I work out."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a stunt double.", "My diet is Kosher foods.", "I grew up in a single parent household.", "I like to read.", "I'm not very active."], "current_conv": ["I read a really good book last week. I wanted to know if you had read it.", "Sure, you know how much I love reading. What was the name of the book?", "The book is called Children of the Corn. As a farmer the title really stood out to me, but it's actually a really scary book.", "Yes, it is a scary book. I have read it and, actually, enjoyed it. Not sure I would have read it though if I was a farmer like you. Haha. How is the farm these days?", "Glad you enjoyed the book. The farm is doing well, thanks for asking. I have been selling some of my produce at the local farmers' market. Sales are better than I expected.", "That is great! I would love to visit the farmers market but I only eat Kosher foods. Maybe we can meet up one day and you can show me how the tractor works. I have a movie coming up and the actor whose stunt double I am will be playing a farmer.", "Showing you the tractor would be fun, especially with this new movie. I'd like to hear more about it, how is your work as a stunt double going lately?", "It is good. Quite a bit tiring at time. I really enjoy what I do even though I am not typically an active person. I try to get in the groove by listening to music but haven't found the right type yet. Any suggestions?", "That's a tough one. Since I mostly listen to classical music, I don't get into a lot of upbeat or popular music. When I do yoga I listen to Chopan or Mozart. It really gets my blood pumping. Yoga is good cardio. Maybe try that?", "I definitely try that. I hear classical can be really motivating if you pick the right artist. My mom was a single parent and used to play mozart on long car rides to pass the time. How is your sister doing?. ", "Guess you have your next song picked out then. My sister isn't doing well. She is in the hospital from a bad car wreck. ", "I am so sorry to hear that. I hope she will be ok. I am sure the people at your church will pray for her. I am here if you need anything from me.."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today", "I'm great and just resting before I start my second job as a stunt double.", "I just came in from working on clearing the field in my tractor", "What do you have planned for dinner? Kosher is the only way I eat.", "Eating out, have to pick my sister up after she gets off work dancing at the club", "Is she a single parent? That is the type of household I was raised in.", "She is working thru school, she we play in the orchestra at church also", "That's good. Do you read books? I read about twenty in a year.", "That is great. I'm more of a classical music buff. Mozart and bach", "Are you very active? I try not to be since I've never broken bones.", "Working on a farm, I've to stay active. I work out regularly.", "Awesome. I only do walking and light free weights.", "I have a bench in my shed. Beyond that, it is all hard work and labor", "That's convenient and a great way to keep yourself healthy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in the Canadian Army. I am currently active duty.", "I do not have any children. I am engaged to get married next year. My fiance and I are getting married next September at a local garden.", "We are not going to have a big wedding with fifty guests."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Charlotte, North Carolina.", "I work at Bank of America. I like my job."], "current_conv": ["My fiance and I have been spending the last few days doing a lot of wedding planning. ", "How's the planning going, any hitches?", "Everything is going well so far. We are going to invite some family members from out of state. This is a difficult part. My grant parents may not be able to fly because of their health problems", "Oh no thats so sad, it would be nice to livestream it then perhaps they could still be a part of it.", "Yeah I guess livestream of the wedding may be an option. I would very much like to see their smile when we recite our vows though", "I'm sure it would be a memorable moment for them, i still remember seeing my siblings get married.", "Oh cool. How are your siblings doing? Do they also live in North Carolina?", "Yes, some do, but some live all the way over in California, don't get to see them that much.", "Wow California and North Carolina. You guys live on the opposite sides of the US. I can see Thanksgiving trip can be a hassle for you guys?", "Yeah, we take turns hosting them so that's a bit better, kinda look at it as a trip to california is part of the holiday vacation", "Nice. I am currently in the army so I don't get to travel a lot. I have a cousin living in California. He loves it there!", "Yeah, my siblings say the same thing, so where are you stationed right now?"], "history_conv": [["I am in the canadian army. Where do you live?", "I live in charlotte, north carolina.", "Nice. What do you do for work?", "I work at the bank of america. I like the work.", "I am active duty right now.", "Oh cool. Do you have any kids at home?", "No, I'm going to get married next year and then we may try.", "So you are engaged to be married?", "Yes. We are getting married next september.", "Sweet. Is it going to be a big marriage?", "A big weeding you mean? No.", "Weeding? Haha. No, I meant wedding. How many people will be there?", "I can not believe that typo, haha. 50 guests will be there.", "Cool. Where are you going to get married?", "At a local garden place near my home in canada.", "Very cool. Hope you have good food there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work a lot. Do not travel much.", "My protools is not synching with the mics.", "I am a single dad. I love kids. I am more of a cat person. I have one kid. I have been to Florida earlier. My ex ruined our marriage.", "I own a recording studio.  I like sports."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Tracy. I have children. We live in Florida in an outhouse. I have a second house in Florida.", "My dog's name is snowbird. My cat's name is Grace.", "Work wears me out.", "I have been married for 15 years.", "I sing. Love baseball, football and soccer."], "current_conv": ["You know what. You should bring your kids over so that they get together and have fun while we do some recording at the studio.", "That would be fun. Should I bring my guitar?", "Yes, you should! Will you bring your dog too? My home has been quiet since my divorce.", "Probably not, he an old dog and just likes to chill out at home mostly. How are the kids coping with the divorce?", "The kid seems to like the mom more. How is your marriage doing?", "Often they like their mom more to begin with, they'll come round. My marriage is good.  It's just trying to find stuff to talk about apart from the kids that's a struggle.", "Kids keep me busy. How old are your kids now?", "They are 3, 5 and 6. So I am really busy. What about yours?", "Mine is 8.Do your kids go to the same school too?", "Yes, once the youngest starts they will. "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you doing?", "Hi, tracy here, my children and I leaving for out house in florida.", "Cool, for a vacation or are you a snowbird?", "Vacation! Today is football sunday. My dog name is snowbird.", "That's an unusual name, not much on traveling myself spend too much time working.", "Great! It work wears me out. Thank god for my chidren and my dog.", "I could use some it help at the moment, my protools isn't syncing with the mics.", "Wow. All work and no travel huh? You like sports? I do.", "I do, but no time to keep up with work and being a single dad", "I see. Can I help with it? What is your name? You like dogs and children?", "Love kids, they are my life. More of a cat person, dogs are too needy ;", "Oh okay. How many kids. Ever been to florida. Our second house is in florida.", "One kid, we have been to florida years ago before my ex ruined our marriage", "Sorry! I have been in it 15 years. What about you? Grace is our cat.", "I own a small recording studio, has been tough over the last year, but I love it", "That's great. I sing and I love baseball, football and soccer. You need singers?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a photographer.", "I teach history to kids.", "I have a boyfriend. I met my boyfriend in school. My boyfriend and I have been together for three years.", "I paint. My favorite colors are red and silver. I also like navy and purple."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a shipyard.", "I am single. I work and volunteer.", "My favorite color is navy.", "I rescue bunnies in my free time."], "current_conv": ["How have you been doing with your animal rescue?", "It's going smoothly. I get many calls from the locals regarding rescue missions and I volunteer for it when I get the chance. Otherwise, I;ll be pre-occupied with my work. How's your photography going?", "The photography is going well. Have a few weddings lined up.", "Oh really> That's good to hear. Any new projects that you are working upon currently?", "Trying to paint a photo of my apartment building. I'm trying to launch a new born photography package too.", "Oh wow. You have a very interesting life indeed.", "What do you do in the shipyard?", "I load up the crates to the trucks. That may sound easy but it is quite a bit difficult as I have to be precise before loading up those big crates as a single miscalculation can put lives of people over here working in jeopardy. ", "That does sound tricky. Do you use a crane or a forked-lift?", "A crane. That too a big one.", "Sounds, hard work. Do you hang out with anyone from work?", "Yes. There are many coworkers who go for a drink after our shift ends. Me included."], "history_conv": [["Hello. I'm trying to get photos of the moon.", "I'm sorry, I cannot help you there.", "Not a fellow photographer then? What do you do?", "No. I work in a shipyard.", "Cool! I teach history to kiddos. We are doing christopher columbus.", "That's cool, you must like kids.", "I sure do. My boyfriend and I are moving in together next weekend.", "How exciting! I do not have time for a boyfriend, between my full time job and volunteering.", "Mine was accidental. We met at school.", "That is nice. How long have you been together?", "We have been together for three years.", "What do you do in your free time?", "I'm currently working on a red and silver painting, my favorite colors.", "My favorite color is navy", "I also like purple. Navy is pretty and patriotic.", "It is. In my free time, I rescue bunnies"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a waitress.", "I was in a motorbike accident. I need a prescription.", "I got blue stripes at an auto parts store.", "I have light complexion and don't go outside much. I have Aetna insurance for my various health problems. I am hard of hearing.", "I don't have kids.", "I look for missing children on milk cartons."], "partner_persona": ["I am a doctor.I am looking for a new job. I want to be a park ranger. I love going to parks.", "I have a daughter that is a talented musician."], "current_conv": ["How has the job search been going? Are you still thinking of working as a park ranger? How are your daughter's musical pursuits going?", "Not as well I'd hope. Having an MD gets you far in the medical world but isn't worth much when applying for park ranger jobs. My daughter is having more luck than I and may be playing a public concert soon.", "Have you thought about doing a crash course in veterinary medicine? Is that something they look for in a Park Ranger?", "I imagine they need to know a little but vets have to go school almost as long as doctors. I was hoping that'd just be something they taught on the job.", "That is such a shame. What type of music does your daughter play?", "She can actually play a multitude of genres and instruments. She started off playing orchestral stuff but seems to moving on to something more contemporary for the mean time.", "That's amazing. She must practice a lot. What are your plans for the weekend?", "She puts her heart and soul into her music. I don't have much plans for the weekend besides maybe studying and job searching. What about yourself?", "Just working this weekend. And watching net-flicks. ", "Anything interesting that you're watching.", "Line of duty it's a BBC Police Drama.", "I haven't heard of it but I usually like police and crime dramas. Is it based on anything real or is it entirely fictional?"], "history_conv": [["Man I am tired I waitress all week", "Oh, sorry to hear. I am a medical doctor, if you need any help.", "Yes please send me a prescription. I fell off my motorbike the other day.", "Oh dear. I am sort of looking for a new job now, though.", "You can find work at auto parts store. That's where I got blue stripes", "No. Maybe as a park ranger. I love going to parks.", "I don't go outside much. I have light skin that burns easily", "Sorry to hear. You do have lots of health problems.", "Yes good thing I have insurance. I bought it through aetna", "Good. You have kids? I have a daughter. She's a music prodigy.", "I don't have kids and I'm hard of hearing so I music isn't fun", "So sorry to hear. What do you do for fun, then?", "I look for children on milk cartons that are missing", "That must be such a fulfilling job!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I care deeply for my family.", "I am unemployed.", "I am married. My wife shops online a lot.", "My children play soccer. I have three children: ages five, eight, and ten.", "I like ice cream. I live near an ice cream parlor."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have children, but I have a German Shepherd named Barnaby.", "I work for the USPS.", "I like NASCAR. My dad was a race car driver.", "I live in Arizona. I don't like scorpions."], "current_conv": ["Are you going to watch the NASCAR race tomorrow?", "Yes I actually won tickets to go watch it in person! Super excited for it. Are you going to watch it?", "No, but i would love to. ", "Lol it'll be good! Speaking of sports, have you been watching your children play soccer a lot?", "Yes they love playing it. Does your children play any games?", "I don't have children, but my dog Barnaby does love to swim and run along the beach and is very entertaining to watch! Lol does that count?", "hey you are funny! Do you like to eat?", "Haha why thank you! I love to eat. My favourite food is sushi, what about you?", "My favorite food is Italian. Do you like to watch movies?", "Yum nothing like a good fettuccini Alfredo! I watch a lot of movies, my favourite is called \"The Notebook\". I like sad, romantic movies. What about you?", "I like action and romantic movies. These movies will made my day good", "Movies are a good way to pass time! "], "history_conv": [["Hi! I have three kids. How many do you have?", "I'm not a parent but I have a german shepherd. His name is barnaby", "Sounds cute but nothing compares to my family", "Well I'll take your word for it. Do you have a job?", "My job is to make my children and wife happy", "That sounds like a nice job. I work for the united states postal service", "Interesting. My amazing wife orders a lot online so she keeps you in business", "Tell her I say thanks! Are you a fan of any professional sports?", "Not unless you consider my kids soccer league to be professional", "You are a dedicated parent! I like nascar because my dad was a racecar driver", "I hope my 3 kids have nice memories like eating chocolate ice cream with me", "I'm sure that they will. How old are they?", "They are five, eight and ten and my amazing wife doesn't reveal her age", "Okay well then I will be sure not to ask. Where do you all live?", "We live near the ice cream parlor that serves my favorite chocolate cone", "Nice. I live in arizona which sucks because there are scorpions here"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in the Netherlands. I hate orange.", "I work in a bookstore, but I find it boring.", "I like to dance.", "I'm not interested in fashion."], "partner_persona": ["I work in the mornings.", "I am a bank teller, but I'm not sure how much longer I'll be working as one.", "I have one child, and am pregnant with twins.", "I don't like to dance. I have a new house.", "I used to be vegan, but I crave steak with my pregnancy."], "current_conv": ["How have you been feeling with your pregnancy? When are you planning on going on maternity leave from the bank?", "I've been doing okay, thanks for asking. Pretty tired but that's to be expected I suppose. I'm planning on staying full-time at work until I'm 7 months. ", "You must be really dedicated. I can barely stand my job as is, I couldn't imagine doing it while carrying another person around and potentially being sick often.", "The maternity benefits are pretty rubbish so that's why I'm hoping to stay on as long as possible. I'm hoping the sickness will get better soon.", "That's a shame to hear but that's pretty common from what I understand. Least since this is your second pregnancy you'll know what to expect and can hopefully handle things better.", "Yeah, it just sucks with how backwards the US is in regards to maternity leave and things. What is it like in the Netherlands/.", "We're a bit more progressive on issues like maternity and paid leave in general, but that doesn't mean we don't have our own problems. Still I like living here and couldn't imagine living anywhere else.", "I would love to move abroad but I think at this point it will definitely just stay a dream :(", "I imagine it's hard to save funds when you have a kid and two more on the way. Do you think you'll ever switch careers to maybe something more lucrative ... or maybe decide you want to spend more time with your kids?", "Hopefully. I think I am going to try and set up a business from home once the twins are here. Working for myself would give more flexibility", "Working from home sounds like fun. You'll get to see your family more and even set your own hours. I imagine it requires a good deal of self discipline, but I'm sure you have that in spades.", "Yes, I just really need to think of a good idea and then go with it. Fingers crossed as it would make my life so much easier. "], "history_conv": [["How are things with you?", "I am good. Enjoying the day at home after working this morning. How are you?", "I m ok but ironically I m in the netherlands but hate orange. What do you do?", "I am a bank teller now, not sure how much longer.", "That does sound boring a bit like my job in the bookstore. Thank goodness for weekends.", "I like it, but daycare for one is expensive, and I'm having twins soon.", "Gosh. How exciting. And to think I was just looking forward to dancing tonight!", "Only dancing I do is down the hall to the bathroom in our new house.", "New house and twins too? Sounds challenging.", "It is, and throw another kid in the mix it is a party.", "That s one thing you could call it! Do you get a break from it all?", "The occasional dinner out. I was vegan before the twins, I crave steak now.", "Do you dress up to eat out? I hat fashion but you have to make an effort.", "Not anymore. You can not be too fashionable this pregnant."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I watch NASCAR. I eat enchiladas.", "I work in construction."], "partner_persona": ["My girlfriend is studying to be a financial planner.", "I work for a traveling circus. People insult me for my job. I am one of the main attractions in the circus.", "I move things with my mind."], "current_conv": ["I'm looking forward to the NASCAR race this weekend.", "Sounds exciting! How did you get your job? ", "I've always been interested in building things since I was young so I wanted to pursue what I like. Yours sounds more exciting! Its something to be proud of. How long have you been doing it?", "I was excited when I first got it 5 years ago, but its been tough to like it ever since I started. Do you eat anything other than enchiladas? ", "I want to watch your performances if thats ok! And you can also watch NASCAR with me! My favorite is enchiladas, I love mexican food! What do you often eat when working?", "That sounds amazing, I never watched NASCAR. I love Mexican food as well, but eating that while working would be a bad idea! I make sure to a lot of protein when working and avoid oily foods, chicken and rice, with a side of stir fry is my go to.", "I might take that into consideration as well, since working for construction is very tiring as well. Eating good sounds like a good idea. So when is your next circus performance? ", "I am off from work for the next three days but I have a big performance coming up this Friday. My girlfriend usually comes on Fridays but is busy with a big meeting, would you maybe like to come? ", "Yes, thank you for the invite! If its ok with you I would like to bring my girlfriend as well, I'm sure both of them would get along since she's also studying finance. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, friend! How are you today?", "I'm doing great! What are you doing?", "I'm watching a nascar race and eating enchiladas. What about you?", "I'm watching a movie on tv with my girlfriend.", "She doesn't mind that you are chatting with me when you are with her?", "She's studying to be a financial planner right now.", "That sounds completely stimulating. And what do you do?", "I work for the a traveling circus. What about you?", "You are joking with me, right? I work construction. I just finished a house today.", "No I am not. It is a interesting job. Is construction difficult?", "It keeps me active. Your job sounds so much cooler though!", "A lot of people make fun of me and call me a circus freak.", "That's so sad. It takes a lot of talent to be in the circus!", "Yeah it does. I am one the main attractions.", "Tell me you are a lion tamer.", "I'm something a lot better. I move things with my mind."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I volunteer at an animal shelter. I donate to childrens programs.", "I love gardening. I love the smell of flowers.", "I wok in a shipyard. I am retired from the military. After the military I went to work in the shipyard. I build boats. I don't have a large income."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer dogs over rabbits. I have two dogs.", "I am a teacher. I love children.", "I don't have a large income.", "I have a garden. I love the smell of flowers.", "My husband used to be in the military."], "current_conv": ["This morning at the animal shelter I saw the cutest puppy. ", "Oh I love puppy. What was its breed?", "It was a mix, but I could tell it had some husky in it. I used to have a husky when I was growing up. ", "Oh that's great. By the way do you know my husband he also used to work in the military?", "I'm not sure, what part of the military was he involved in?", "He is an marine and He loved to serve for the nation", "Oh, I was in the Air Force so I doubt we knew one another!", "I have a garden in my house and do you have any tips for gardening?", "I've had trouble with deer and squirrels, but I've learned that putting hot pepper flakes around the garden is a good natural way to repel them. ", "Good it might be helpful to me. Thank you for your response. Do you need any tips regarding flowers?", "If you know of anything that's not common knowledge in the gardening community, I'd love to learn a few tricks!", "Here's the fact that all flowers are colorful because it needs to attract bees and insect for its reproduction"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today? Do you like rabbits?", "No I rather dog. I own two of them.", "I volunteer at a shelter, they are adorable. What do you do?", "I'm a teacher and I love children.", "Kids are great. I donate a lot of my income to several childrens programs.", "I would do that more often too if I had a larger income.", "I do not have a large income, just believe in helping others.", "Do you like gardening? I own a garden.", "I do love gardening. I work in a shipyard.", "I love the smell of the flowers in the air.", "I do too, it is one of lifes greatest pleasures.", "You life is so short. Some time you forget about the little things.", "It sure is. Were you ever in the military?", "No. But my husband was a long time ago!", "I loved it, I retired from there and went straight to building boats.", "Building boats, what kind you boats?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a custodian.", "I have a cosmetics line. My parents are not supportive of my cosmetics line.", "I sing. I play the guitar. I play the piano.", "I like shopping. I love having my own money."], "partner_persona": ["I'm depressed because I am turning 40.", "I am a car salesman. I am married. I am getting divorced.", "I hate my job.", "My wife never had a job."], "current_conv": ["I have great news! I had a huge online sale of my cosmetics last night!", "That's amazing, wish I could say the same things about my job! What kinds of things do you like to shop for?", "Mostly clothes and makeup. I love trying out new eyeshadows especially to see how different colors look, and what blends the best. Have you bought anything fun recently?", "That's nice. I recently bought a second car, a sports car! I trying to prepare for the single life. Are you single?", "Ooh nice! Is it more fun to drive? And yup, I'm trying to make it on my own for a bit, it's nice being independent.", "It totally is, I don't know why I haven't bought it sooner. That's good to hear, I have a hard time remembering the times I was single after 20 years of marriage.  ", "That makes sense. How are you doing with the divorce? Are you going to be moving?", "I'm doing alright, thanks for asking. At first it was hard but I'm getting there. And yes, I will be moving, a fresh new start is much needed. ", "That makes sense. Are you staying in the same city? Have you started looking at houses?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you tonight?", "Depressed. Turning 40 is a bummer!", "Well I work as a custodian to help pay bills now that's depressing", "I've not sold 1 car all week and the wife spent all the money I had!", "Well my parents aren't very supportive of me having a cosmetics line", "I'm getting a divorce and I'd like a new job, too. Hate it!", "Well I hope you get back on the horse quick no one is worth loosing time", "Maybe I should try selling cosmetics! I need money!", "Lol I also sing, play the guitar and piano", "Oh, cool. Maybe we should get married!", "Really what do you look for in a person", "Somebody who doesn't spend my money!", "Lol well I like shopping but I love having my own money", "Everybody should have their own money, especially when they turn 40!", "Did your wife ever work?", "Not one day in her life!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't know what the term \"fetch\" means.", "I went to the Rolling Stones concert. I am married with 2 kids. We go to the Rolling Stones concert on May 5, every year.", "I'm studying Economics.", "My new house needs a lot of repairs. I don't have a lot of spare time."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite movie is Mean Girls.", "I love the Rolling Stones.", "I don't like to study. I like to go out and party.", "I volunteer at a food bank near my house."], "current_conv": ["I finished repairing the flooring in my study last night. I'll have my own study area again, away from the family bustle.", "Wow, good for you. I bet that was a lot of hard work. What is your next house project?", "I think I'm going to switch most of the carpets to being wood floors. I like the look better.", "That is a great upgrade too. Makes your home more valuable. I went out with some friends last night to an 80s themed party.", "That sounds like fun! What is your favorite 80s movie?", "Ooh, I liked a lot of 80s movies. Off the top of my head I would say Top Gun for action.", "I like Back to the Future! It's my favorite.", "Oh, that is a good one too. I also love Batman!", "I could never get into superhero movies. So many remakes are hard to keep track of.", "That is very true. I can understand that. How's your family?", "They're doing great! My anniversary is coming up so I'm trying to think of something special to do.", "Oh, nice! What number anniversary is it?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "I am so fetch! How are you?", "Your fetch what does that mean? Is it a raw diet?", "Ha ha no. It is a mean girls reference. That is my favorite movie.", "I never seen it been busy going to the rolling stones concert", "Oh that sounds awesome! I love them! When was that?", "I go every year on may 5th, my wife and 2 kids also come with", "Oh wow. You must be a superfan. What else do you like to do?", "I just study economics and work on the house I just bought", "Ugh study! No thank you! I'd rather go out and party", "Do you like to party everyday?", "Basically I do take time out to volunteer though. To keep my feet on the ground.", "Where do you like to volunteer at?", "A food bank near my house. Do you ever volunteer?", "I don't volunteer I never have time with all the repairs I do", "Repairs? On your house? Or are you a handyman?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have an older sister. She plays piano well. My older sister is 26.", "I used to play the banjo. I play basketball in college.", "My family owns a dental practice.", "I study a lot. I'm studying Engineering in college.", "I like modern music like Travis Scott."], "partner_persona": ["I play and teach the piano. I play guitar, violin, and the flute. I like classical music such as Mozart.", "I work in music but I wish I studied architecture."], "current_conv": ["How are piano lessons going?", "They are going okay, a lot of progress is being made. How is your studying?", "Great to hear it. It takes special people to teach. My studies are going well. Can't wait to be finished though.", "Ah thanks. That is good to hear, I imagine studying is pretty tough so good on you for sticking with it. How much longer do you have?", "One more year then the decision of what to do career-wise. Do you think you would ever go back to school?", "I don't think so, but I may change my mind in the future. Do you have a company you think you would like to work for?", "Not really, not yet. My family wants me to help with the practice but I'm not sure I want to do that.", "I see. How long have your family had the dental practice?", "Oh about 15 years now. It is pretty well established. My sister works there as well which makes my parents happy.", "Nice. Do they live far away from you?", "No, not at all. We live about 15 minutes apart. The practice is about 25 minutes from my home.", "It must be convenient that way. Do you guys spend a lot of recreational time together?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing on this fine day?", "I am doing well, just finished playing my piano", "Oh nice! How good are you? My older sister is amazing at the piano", "I play a few instruments, but I teach piano, how old is she?", "She's 26. What other instruments do you play?", "Guitar, violin, flute. Do you play any instruments?", "No, I used to play the banjo. Now I play basketball.", "Basketball takes skills too. College or high school?", "College. My mom wants me to quit and follow the family business in dental.", "You should finish college to have options, in my opinion", "It is a lot of studying but music helps. Who is you favorite artist?", "What are you in college for? I like classical music, mozart", "Engineering. Me too! I like more modern artists like travis scott.", "Engineering must be hard. You must be a smart kid", "Not really, I just study a lot and try to pay attention.", "I'd have liked to be an architect but went into music instead"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just moved to the city. This is the first time that I have lived in the city.", "I need to find a hobby. I do not want the hobby to involve alcohol.", "I do not drink alcohol. I am a member of AA. I have been a part of AA for 1 year. I have not had alcohol for 15 months. I am taking heavy medicine. Sometimes I see funky things.", "I used to farm dairy cows. I do not miss dairy farming early mornings. I miss the peacefulness of dairy farming."], "partner_persona": ["I try to spend weekends with friends. I love to host dinner parties.", "I play music. I drink alcohol.", "I grew up on a small farm. I miss the home farm."], "current_conv": ["I went to another AA meeting an hour ago.", "How did it go? I'm sure they're proud of you for your recovery.", "Thank you and it went very well. They encouraged me to take up basketball in my free time. ", "Oh, did you used to play as a kid? I did for a few years in elementary school.", "I did in elementary school and high school, then kind of fell out of it. Things kind of got worse in my life when I stopped playing. ", "I can imagine how nice it is to be part of a team and feel close to a whole group of people. That support will probably be good for you! Have you found a team to join?", "Not yet, but a few of my friends play in a recreational league. Have you ever done something like that?", "Not in my adult life. Honestly, I kind of miss the structured organizations like that. I used to be involved in so many activities until I graduated, and then it seemed to just all stop. ", "That's unfortunate. However, it's never too late to get back involved. Things like this help keep my mind in a good place. ", "That's a great perspective to take. I think I too often think of making new friends as a young person's thing, when that's not actually the case at all! I'd love to meet new people.", "Yes, I have the exact same problem but I think meeting new people will definitely help the both of us. ", "Not to mention get to invite more people to my dinner parties! I remember growing up my parents always held big gatherings on the farm. I miss it."], "history_conv": [["Hi there, any advice for a new city liver?", "Allow extra time for everyone around you to commute", "Good idea, do anything fun on the weekends?", "I try to spend weekends with friends. I love to host dinner parties", "That sounds nice, I need to find a hobby that does not involve alcohol", "I also play music which involves alcohol. Moderation is the key", "I can not have alcohol, I've been a part of aa for a year now", "Congratulations. One day at a time. How long has it been?", "15 months, I am heavily medicated now. Sometimes I see funky things", "I don't trust medication. You can stay sober without it. Concentrate on your art and people will love you", "I used to farm, dairy cows. Have you ever been to a farm?", "I grew up on a small farm. I miss it, do you?", "Not the early mornings, but I do miss the peacefulness of it.", "I understand. It seems like a give or take relationship. Convenience vs. Independence"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I gamble in my spare time.", "I'm retired. I move around a lot. I live in Colorado in the summer. I live in the south for winter.", "I play guitar.", "I mow my lawn on sunny days.", "I smoke from a bong."], "partner_persona": ["I play ping pong.", "My father and I are both electricians.", "I live in the south. I love eating chocolate.", "I play piano and violin."], "current_conv": ["Did you practice the piano any today?", "Every day! I'm trying right now to learn F\u00fcr Elise by Beethoven. I'm sure you've heard about it", "Oh yes, that is a nice one to learn and to practice with. How often do you practice the piano?", "Piano literally every day M-F at least 1 hour and during the weekend at least 2. I really enjoy it. The goal is to learn and master at least one full song each week", "That is an excellent goal. Do you prefer playing the piano or the violin?", "I feel my fingers are too clumsy for the violin, but I love the sound of it. That means that violin is more of a challenge/hobby but the piano is really my thing. How good are you with the guitar? ", "That makes sense. I don't think I'm great with the guitar, but I really enjoy playing it. I try to practice about an hour a day as well. How long have you been playing the violin and the piano?", "That's awesome, good for you! Great question, I believe the first time I started with giving a try to the violin was 4-5 years ago. The piano I've been playing it since I'm 8! ", "Oh wow, that's a long time! Would you recommend others pick up playing the piano or the violin as hobbies?", "It all depends, right? There are so many hobbies one can be interested in. My advice is pick something that makes you happy rather than something someone else suggested. That way you're truly enjoying what you're doing and in the process learning something new", "Yes, that is definitely good advice. I think that is the mindset to have when selecting hobbies. There is also value in asking others for their own experiences and viewpoints, so you are better informed.", "Absolutely. My dad always says knowledge is power! There are some thing people do that one is even unaware of or that at least never sees or think of them as hobbies"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I'm grilling outdoors today, how about you", "Hey! Just came back from playing some ping pong. You?", "About to go gambling, I do it in all my spare time", "Do you have a job? Me and my father are working as an electrician!", "No I'm retired, have been for years, now I move around a lot", "You should move down south, we got a lot of delicious chocolate here that I love eating!", "I live in colorado during summer, but I head south for the winter", "Do you like music? I play piano and violin sometimes!", "I play guitar, when I'm not mowing my lawn during summer days", "Oh we should try to do some songs together!", "I mow on sunny days, that is the best way, hey hey what you say", "I say hey yay yay, I say hey, what is going on?", "Just strumming on my new song, next I am going to hit the bong", "Damn you got some bars homie, you should sign up a record deal or something", "Thanks let hit the mike, take down south on the motor bike, word", "We are no strangers to love, you know the rules and so do I"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Alan. I am vegan. I love to sky dive. I like hockey. I cannot swim.", "I like to make my own hummus. I like to watch cooking shows. I want to be on a cooking show.", "I have been to Disney world. I like the rollercoasters at Disney world. I like the hummus at Disney world.", "I have a dog. My dog is a collie. My dog thinks he's a german shepherd."], "partner_persona": ["I'm am not vegan. I have a brown german shepherd.. I love my dog. My dog thinks he's a lion.", "I like to eat hummus.", "I like to watch NHL hockey.", "I have been to Disney world. I like to ride the rollercoasters at Disney.", "I do not like to sky dive. I'm not brave.", "I live in a farming community. I raise my own food. I do not have a pool. I have a television.", "My husband is adopted."], "current_conv": ["I was watching hockey and my dog came and sat down next to me and started watching with me!", "How cool! do you think collies are smarter than German shepherds?", "okay. is this working? ", "how much of your own cooking do you do?", "I do a lot of cooking - I have to being vegan you know. I do what I can but I am still learning. I'd like to get better you know - but my hummus is everything!  ", "what are the ingredients in hummus?", "I make a good one from chickpeas, garlic, tahini and olive oil - its simple but good. ", "is hummus a persian dish, or jewish?", "Its more Middle Eastern but there are varieties throughout the whole region ", "cool! which is your favorite caster at disney?", "I like them all - so I guess they are all my favorites! Disney is a great place to vacation and hope to get back there soon. ", "do you have a season pass for the park?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, alan here. Are you vegan too? I cannot swim but love sky diving? You?", "I am not vegan, and I have a german shepherd that I love to pieces.", "Great! I make my own hummus. Is your dog a grey dog?", "I love hummus. He is brown mostly.", "Okay! I watch cooking shows all the time. One day I'll have my own.", "Cool! Personally I love watching nhl hockey.", "Disney world have the best rollercoasters. I cannot swim. I like hockey too.", "You are so right about disney!", "I know. The serve good hummus too. You sky dive. I love sky diving.", "I do not sky dive, I am not brave. I live in rural farming community.", "Wow. You raise your own food? Do you have a swimming pool and a television?", "I raise my own food, no pool, and I do have a television.", "Great! So your husband is adopted and your dog watches hockey huh?", "Yes he's, but my dog only watches when I do.", "Oh okay. My dog is a collie but he thinks he's a german shepherd. Crazy right?", "I suppose it is better than thinking he's a lion."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am moving in with my boyfriend next week.", "I teach first grade.", "I enjoy and study photography.", "I speak Spanish, French, and English.", "I love red and silver."], "partner_persona": ["I have a black lab dog named Trooper.", "I am a mechanical engineer. I work long hours.", "I love hiking and rock climbing.", "I am from Colorado.", "I do not speak any other languages. I want to learn Spanish."], "current_conv": ["Have you gotten a chance to do any climbing? Or have you worked on your Spanish at all?", "Definitely, last month was my first time climbing Mt. Everest! What a thrill that was. In terms of the Spanish, I haven't gotten around to it yet. ", "I am ready to chat!", "Are you all set to move in with your boyfriend? What are your thoughts and feelings on the move?", "Wow Mt. Everest! That is such an accomplishment, congrats. If you can climb a mountain like that I'm sure you can learn Spanish if you set your mind to it.", "Haha yeah, maybe. It's funny how that works. Everest felt like a breeze, whereas learning Spanish seems like the real mountain, to me anyway. ", "I love conversing in Spanish, let me know when you feel ready to hablar! Life has been so crazy for me I haven't finished packing for my move in yet! My boyfriend is so mad at me which has ruined the some of the fun. I still want to move in with him, I can't wait to live together 24/7. I know it will bring us closer. ", "One of these days, definitely in the near future I'll let you know. For now, me no hablas the Spanlais, haha. I'm sorry to hear that, but you're right about it ultimately bringing you closer. Relationships can be a challenge but you two will get through it, you always do. ", "I appreciate talking to you, it feels so good to vent about my relationship. We've been together for a little over a year now but it feels like a lifetime! I wish my boyfriend liked hiking I wish I could go on adventures more often. Mountains are beautiful places to have photography shoots!", "Hmm, well I have an idea - maybe we can all go hiking on one of the local trails? See how it goes; if he likes it maybe we can attempt one of the easier slopes later on in the future. But yeah definitely a very picturesque setting, you'll remember being at the summit of a mountain for a long time! ", "That sounds like a great idea! I heard the Red Rock Canyons in Colorado are very beautiful, it would be great to visit sometime. Red is one of my favorite colors.", "Let's do that then! Let me know if your boyfriend is interested and we can go once you're more settled into the new living arrangement. "], "history_conv": [["Hello what are you up to this evening?", "Hi! I'm hanging out with my dog trooper. You?", "I am packing for my big move in with my boyfriend next week", "Sounds awesome! You must be busy.", "So busy since I also teach first grade. What do you do?", "I work as a mechanical engineer. The hours can be long sometimes.", "Sounds complicated! What do you do for fun?", "I love hiking and rock climbing! What about you?", "I enjoy taking pictures and studying photography", "You should visit colorado where I live. It is very pretty here.", "I'd love to take pictures there!", "It is a great place to visit for photography!", "Do you speak any other languages? I am trilingual", "No, but I would love to learn spanish.", "I speak spanish. Also french and obviously english", "Haha! Do you have a pet?", "No just a boyfriend! Trying to convince him to decorate in my favorite reds and silvers", "Ah. My do is a black lab."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to ride horses. My kids ride horses.", "I have one horse. My kids are 10 years old, 9 years old, and 7 years old.", "I have a wife.", "My 10 year old likes to bedazzle things. My 10 year old is a girl and she has blond, straight hair."], "partner_persona": ["I ride horses. I do not have a horse. I like mini horses.", "I have 2 more years of high school. I don't like high school. I don't get along with my teachers.", "I have purple walls. My carpet is lime green.", "I am vegan."], "current_conv": ["My daughter rode a mini horse at her riding lesson last week!", "Oh wow! That's adorable! Which daughter, and what was the horse's name?", "The older one and she rode the mini horse named Paul. I think she starts to like riding mini horses", "So cute :) I like that name! I wish I had a horse, but they're pretty expensive. She must be very talented! Did you teach her how to ride?", "Well no. She joined a group of girls and boys for a riding program. They meet once every week and I am sure they have a great time", "Oh, cool! Yeah, maybe she'll go pro one day! Who knows? A girl from my school did that and she made a living off of it! Very fun stuff. I'd love to learn how to do tricks one day (Jumping over fences and such). Which breed of horse is your favorite? ", "I'd say Arabian. My horse is Arabian. She has beautiful silver hair and also she is pretty talented. I've had her for years you know!", "Gorgeous! I love Arabian horses. Silver! How exotic! Sounds like something out of a video game or something, haha! What a beauty - Maybe you could send me a pic of her sometime. Now I want to save up for a horse of my own! You've inspired me!", "Yeah who knows when my kids grow up they will ride my Laila. Yeah her name is Laila. But she will be old when my kids become old enough to ride her.", "Awh, well, that would be nice! Hopefully she still has enough strength in her by then. That's a nice name. Have you ridden horses in your family for generations, or did you start the tradition yourself?", "I wouldn't call it a tradition. I don't ride horses any more. My wife doesn't ride horses so it's just our kids that are interested in horse back riding", "Oh, I see, well it's a fun hobby either way. I do it out of tradition. My father is a farmer - His name is Jack. It's great exercise, I'll tell you that much, haha! Great way to bond too!"], "history_conv": [["Hey how is it going?", "Good. Just got back from horse riding and relaxing now.", "Oh I remember horse back riding when I was a kid. Now my kids love it.", "Do you have any horses? Are they in high school?", "I've one we keep at a stable in kentucky 10, 9 and 7", "You are so lucky! I cannot have a horse until I graduate.", "Aww well you'll get that horse soon enough", "Two whole years! That's forever. I just stare at my purple walls.", "My wife likes shetlands what kind will you buy?", "I want a mini horse with a lime green saddle to match my carpet.", "That sounds neat my 10 yr old wants a bedazzled saddle", "Is her hair brown and straight or curly? She might get teased in high school.", "She's blond with straight hair", "High school is the pits. Teased for horses, being vegan, anything.", "Aww I am sorry high school can be tough", "It sure can! The teachers especially hate us all.", "Just be yourself you will find people who will like you.", "How about you, do you like yourself", "Yea I like myself fine and hope you do as well.", "I've to go do homework now. My mini horse awaits!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 18 years old. I an unemployed.", "I like to hike and hike each day.", "My favorite color is orange.", "I own a fish named nemo. My sister has a fish named shark bate."], "partner_persona": ["I go to the gym.", "I do not like hiking. I collect vintage cars.", "I own an orange alfa romeo owned by Johnny Carson.", "I am allergic to dogs. I work from home. I own a fish."], "current_conv": ["Do you have your eye on any cool cars?", "Yes. I fancy a Mustang", "Is there a particular color you want? I know you have an orange car already, which is my favorite color, so would you be looking for something similar?", "I would go for red this time. It gives it a classic look. What plans do you have this weekend?", "That sounds cool. I would probably go for a hike. There is something so freeing about just being out in the open on a trail. What about you?", "I really don't have any big plans?  Maybe you should come to the gym with me before or after your hike", "I could do that. I am not working right now so I have lots of free time. what type of workouts do you do.", "I like to do cardio and weights. I am sure you're fit as a result of your frequent hikes", "I consider myself pretty fit comsidering my age. I look forward to trying some new workouts with you", "That' s great. We can get some fish food while we are out. i have run out", "That sounds great. My sister and I are running low as well. What is your fishes name?", "Great. My fish is called Bubbles. He's a gold fish"], "history_conv": [["Hi I am so happy I am finally 18!", "Happy birthday! Most days I am happy just to go to the gym", "Oh! Do you like to hike, I hike every morning to see the sunset!", "Not really. I collect vintage cars.", "Any orange cars, orange is my favorite color!", "Yes! I've an orange alfa romeo from johnny carson", "Do you have a dog, I bet if so he would enjoy a ride.", "Allergic! By working from home I do get to take a lot of cool rides though", "Are you allergic to fish, I've one, his name is nemo", "Fish are friends! I love talking to my fish!!", "My sister has a fish, his name is shark bate", "Cute name. Working from home would give you more time with fish friends!", "I do not have a job yet. I'm just living day by day", "Being carefree is totally where the good life is!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own two Mustangs, a '68 and a '69. I like to work on my Mustangs. I am a mechanic; I work on vintage cars.", "I have two German shepherds.", "I like listening to country music. I like to go to concerts for fun and country music festivals.", "I did not always want to be a mechanic; I leaned how because my cars were old."], "partner_persona": ["I drive a BMW.", "I am an accountant. I got a finance degree in 2011.", "I just got a Yorkie yesterday; my parents bought it for me. My parents are wealthy bankers.", "I like listening to punk rock.", "I would like to go to business school to become a manager.", "I like to take my dog for walks. I sometimes volunteer."], "current_conv": ["How is your Yorkie adjusting?", "It is good. How long do you repair cars", "I have been repairing cars for 10 years now. How do you like your BMW?", "I like My BMW a lot. Because It was my first ever car", "Oh that's so cool. I think BMWs are great starter cars because they are so smooth to drive. Do you take road trips?", "Yeah I will take road trip once every weekend with my friends. If you don't mind you can join if you like it", "Oh that would be awesome, thank you. Where do you usually like to travel to on your road trips?", "I like drive to the countryside and enjoy sometime with friends", "That is great. Do you plan on taking the dog along with you on the road trips?", "It might be god idea. I love dogs and they are very friendly", "Are there any places you haven't been on road trips that you would like to go to?", "I wanted a trip to Miami and enjoy the beach "], "history_conv": [["How are you this evening?", "I'm doing well. Just got home from work. How are you?", "Good. Been spending all day on my mustangs. I've a 68 and a 69.", "Wow! Very nice. I drive a bmw. What do you do?", "I am a mechanic. I work on vintage cars. You?", "I work as an accountant with my finance degree acquired in 2011.", "The two dogs I've are shepherds. Do you have any pets?", "My parents bought me a yorkie yesterday! Being successful wealthy bankers and all.", "Right on! Do you like country music? I love it.", "No. I'm into punk rock! Is being a mechanic your dream job?", "It did not start out to be. I always had old cars so I had to learn.", "Yeah. Next year I want to go to business school to become a manager.", "Sounds like a plan! Go for it!", "What do you like to do for fun?", "Concerts. A lot of country music festivals.", "I like to take my dog for walks and sometimes I volunteer."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in New York.", "I am single. I have no children.", "I am a professional skateboarder. I recently broke my arm while skateboarding."], "partner_persona": ["I am in Pennsylvania.", "I am pregnant with my first child.", "I just started a new job. I am a personal assistant.", "My husband skateboards."], "current_conv": ["How long will it be before your due date?", "We have got 4 months left. I am getting really excited but it is hard with a new baby and starting a new job. Would you like a family one day?", "I think that children are such a blessing. How are you feeling?", "Me too. We feel blessed that we are having this little one. Not sure whether it is a boy or girl, we said we will find out at the birth but feeling anxious as I am finding it difficult to shop.", "You can always shop for items in colors like yellow or green, which are gender neutral. There are also decorations like animals that work for both. ", "Yes I think that is probably best. My husbands want to buy the baby it's first mini skateboard because he loves it so much!", "Awww, I am sure that will be very cute. Maybe you can hang the skateboard as a decoration until he/she is ready to use it!", "Yes that is what he wants to do. He wants to put it up on the wall. Not sure what style though? What do you think we should go for?", "If you are not sure if it is a boy or a girl then I would say go for something gender neutral. Like you can just get something in bright colors or a pattern.", "Ok sounds good. I was thinking like a checkboard pattern. Simple but easy to decorate around too. Have you skateboarded since your accident?", "I am still taking it easy. I think it is important to recover totally before you try again.", " Yes recovery is important. Are you seeing a physio yet to get back movement in your arm?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing today?", "Good, how are you today?", "I'm doing great! I'm just trying to find a hat to ear", "Must be cold where you at? I'm in pennsylvania", "I am in new york so yeah its very cold", "Hopefully this winter not bad. I pregnant first child", "Well congratulation! I am single with no children", "Thanks, just started new job as a pa so hopefully good maternity leave", "What is a pa? Never heard of that", "Personal assistant. What kind of work do you do?", "I'm a professional skateboarder", "Wow very cool! My husband likes to skateboard on weekends", "I currently cant skate due to a broke arm", "Hope your arm heals soon! Did you break it skateboarding", "Sadly yeah I did. It hurts", "Do you like reading? I try to read a new book every week"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a barista at a coffee shop.", "I live in Nebraska. I've never been to Ohio.", "I don't have pets. I spend a lot of time on my computer.", "I love Chinese food. I don't eat pizza often.", "I am putting solar panels on my house.", "I spend a lot of time at the beach. I like swimming."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a cashier at the local supermarket.", "I live in Ohio. I've never traveled. I think Ohio is boring.", "I have a cat named Spook.", "My favorite food is pizza with black olives.", "I like to swim. I like going to the beach."], "current_conv": ["So tell me more about Spook; what kind of cat is he?", "He's a lovely persian black cat with most beautiful orange eyes... is the love of my life I've had him for almost 14 years now", "He sounds like a wonderful cat. Does he like to nap?", " Yea given his age I'd say he spends over 16 hours sleeping these days. But he still plays, runs and will spook you every time. He makes me happy and also likes to eat pizza with me LOL", "That is awesome. I never knew cats could eat pizza! Do you ever take him with you when you go to the beach?", "I give him the crust and some beef toppings only haha. We tried once but he didn't like to walk on the sand. Otherwise he does like to go on walks with me", "Oh okay, that makes sense. Do you and Spook go on walks often?", "Almost every weekend during the Summer and whenever it's not cold or raining. I'm also aware of his age so I try not to push him too far. Any reason you don't have a pet by the way?", "The apartment that I live in don't allow pets unfortunately. Maybe I will move into a pet friendly apartment and get one at some point. Have you ever had other pets?", "Oh that's unfortunate. That was my main search criteria when I was looking for a new condo a few years ago. Yes, I've had. 2 dogs and 2 cats that have crossed the rainbow bridge", "Oh I see. So you are both a dog person and a cat person?", "I was a dog person before. It's not like I don't like them anymore, but rather I have developed this deep connection with cats more. So any future pets would likely be a cat :)"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today?", "Good. I'm a cashier at the local supermarket, you?", "Pretty good. I am a barista at a coffee shop", "Interesting. I live in ohio, never been anywhere else. What about you?", "I live in nebraska. I don't think I have ever been to ohio before.", "It is pretty boring, not much to do. Do you have pets?", "I do not have any pets. I spend alot of time on my computer", "My cats name is spook. What is your favorite food?", "I love chinese food. Whats your favorite food?", "Pizza with black olives.", "I haven't had pizza in a long time that sounds amazing", "Do you have any hobbies?", "I have been putting solar panels on the top of my house. How about you?", "I'd love to know more about solar energy. I like to swim.", "I spend alot of time on the beach, swimming is fun too.", "I love to go to the beach as well. What is your favorite color?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite color is blue.", "I am majority in art. I think college is the place.", "I go to Europe all the time."], "partner_persona": ["I finished painting my room purple and lime green.", "I am studying high school.", "I travel for my horse competition."], "current_conv": ["Europe is the best place I have ever visited. Have you visited any countries there?", "I haven't been to Europe but would like to. What are your favorite places to visit in Europe?", "I absolutely love Italy!  Rome is amazing and I would highly recommend it if you haven't been to Italy before but you absolutely have to get out of the countryside and see the vineyards.  Where do you think you would like to go in Europe?", "That sounds wonderful and scenic! I think I would like to visit both Paris and Berlin. Do you go to Europe for school or work related purposes?", "I go for school a lot because of all of the amazing art there.  Florence in Italy is especially loaded with all kinds of famous artwork.  They have so many different works of art from hundreds of years of history.  Paris is also great too.  What sights do you think you would like to see there?", "Ah yes I imagine there must be a lot of great and famous artwork to see in Italy and France. I want to see the usual tourist attractions such as the Eiffel tower. Do you have any art museums/galleries you like especially a lot?", "For sure the Uffizi and the Academia in Florence.  The Academia has Michelangelo's David which is just spectacular.  The Louvre in Pairs also has amazing art.  Which place in Europe are you excited to try the food?", "That sounds great. I am excited to try the bread and pastries in France. I would also like to go to Italy and try all of their amazing foods. Do you have recommendations?", "France has great food of course.  Italy also has really great food and I would highly recommend the seafood you find there.  It's so fresh and delicious.  Do you have any desire to go to England?", "Oh yes I have heard great things about Italian seafood dishes. I'm very excited to try them. Yes I do, it seems like an interesting place to visit. Have you been?", "A couple of times.  It's really great to see all of the history and sights in London.  What things do you think would you like to see there?", "Oh nice. I think I would like to see the Big Ben and just generally walk around parts of London to get a glimpse of the culture. What did you like the most there?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, want to get to know each other?", "Hey there, sure I guess, do you have a favorite color?", "Blue, what is your favorite?", "Purple and lime green, actually just finished painting my room those", "Wild colors. I like that. I am majoring in art", "I am still in highschool, two years left, no idea what I am going to do", "College is the place to figure that out", "They tell you to have it figured out by junior year though,", "You'll know when the time is right. Try a semester abroad", "That's awfully expensive though is it not?", "Totally worth it. I go to europe all the time", "I'd love to do that, but I only travel for my horse competitions", "That sounds fun. Where do you go for them?", "All over depending what we qualify for, I mean not out of the us anyways", "I guess it would be hard to travel over seas with a horse", "It would be expensive, and my horse would just not have it"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog. My dog is a lab.", "I work in a bookstore. I am a dog trainer in my spare time.", "I do not like the color orange."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog. I live in Memphis.", "I like to sing.", "I am male. I like country music."], "current_conv": ["I'm still working on teaching my dog that backflip, but he's got several other tricks down perfectly. I think we have a good chance at placing near the top during next week's dog show.", "That's awesome!  Do you think you'll be able to get the backflip routine nailed down by then?  That's not much time.", "My dog is capable of doing it, but it's just a matter of getting it done consistently.  An hour ago I was able to get him to do it on command most of the time!  Fingers crossed.", "Fingers crossed!  So if you place in next weeks dog show, what next?  Does that advance you to another round?", "This is more of a local event so there are no rounds; however, it is really important to place well in these events.  Those credentials are usually required to even get your foot in the door at the big events.", "Is that you're ultimate goal?  To make it into the big events?  What do you win?", "I've trained a couple dogs that got in and one that had a top 10 place.  You can make $50K at some events.  Do they have any events in Memphis?", "that's a nice price!  I have no idea if we have any here, but I'm going to look into it now.  How did you get starting training dogs?", "I've always had a passion for dogs, but when I was a teenager they called me the \"dog talker,\" because I had this way of interacting with them.  I realized that I could turn my passion into a career after college, though only on a part-time basis.", "Way to turn your passion into a side hustle!  You know, my dog is good but could always use some training pointers.  Do you think we could facetime and you could give me a few pointers?  Of course, I'd pay you for your time.", "I would love to share with you what I know, but no pay necessary.  I know you are from Tennessee and I just need to make sure if you are a Volunteers fan that you don't have any memorabilia in the background since I tend to get distracted if I see orange!  Weird, I know, but I have such a dislike for it. :) ", "Don't worry, I may live in TN but the only colors here are Purple and Gold...Geaux Tigers!  I really appreciate you taking the time to help. "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you doing? Whats new?", "Nothing much listening to some music you?", "Reading a book I got from work to train my dog", "Neat what kind of dog?", "A lab, trying to teach him a backflip before next weeks show.", "That must be some dog. Are you a trainer?", "In my spare time, I work in a bookstore, how about you?", "My dog goes where I go, we live in memphis.", "Good bbq. People say to hell with fashion down there. I like that.", "I spend a lot of time singing in this great usa.", "Cool, what do you sing mostly?", "Yea not much my style either some jeans and a hat is all I need most days", "Jeans and a hat, I like your style, unless they are orange", "Well I am a country boy and that's all I will ever be.", "That sounds like a line from a song. Is it?", "One of my favorite lines yes!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I believe I have super powers. I think I can fly and stop time.", "I do not like birds.", "My favorite song is \"Let it go\"."], "partner_persona": ["I can charm people with music. I am a country music musician.", "I play the guitar. I play music on the weekends."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any upcoming gigs?", "Yes, I have a week long gig coming up next month.", "That's cool. Are you old school country or new school?", "I do a little of both. It keeps everyone happy and into my music.", "I like a broad range of country music. George Jones to Morgan Wallen.", "They are really great. I have been trying to figure out how to make Let It Go country. I know that is your favorite song.", "If you can do that, you are a hero. How big are the venues you play? Small clubs?", "It depends the one in a month is a small one. I like them better feel more personal with my fans.", "It does give more a personal feel. I wish I had one ounce of musical talent. You are very lucky.", "You are lucky if you have super powers. That would be really cool to have.", "Super Powers are cool, unfortunately those powers didn't come with musical talent lol ", "Yeah, but being able to stop top. That would allow me more time to get ready for my shows."], "history_conv": [["Hello, will you spend some time talking to me?", "I'd be happy too. How are you doing today?", "I'm a little lonely today. What kind of superpower do you have?", "I have the ability to charm others with my music. How about you?", "I can fly and make time stop. What kind of music do you play?", "That is exciting. I play country music", "Will your music reach me in the clouds?", "Yes I am sure you can hear me play my guitar", "I would enjoy that, it is lonely in the clouds.", "It may lonely but I'm sure it is beautiful. Do you make friends with the birds?", "That's true. No, I like to freeze them in time.", "How do the birds respond to you freezing them", "Once I unfreeze them they fly away. Do you play your music on the weekends?", "Yes sometimes. I'd like for you to hear it. What is your favorite song?", "My favorite song is let it go! Do you know it?", "I'm not familiar with it but I will look it up sometime"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is George.", "I am not a huge animal fan. I have a bee farm.", "I like the movie Friday. My family is not close. I tend to hang out at my farm most of the time."], "partner_persona": ["I have a bird.", "I am a Doctor. I have been a doctor for 10 years, but I was recently fired because I was making a video for America's funniest videos while doing heart surgery.", "I like papayas. My favorite movie is Friday.", "I like going to the park and tripping roller skaters with logs.", "I like farms. I like playing with piglets."], "current_conv": ["Did you find a new job yet?", "I actually interviewed for a position at a local non-profit hospital.  It's a little bit of a commute but if it gets me working again, then it's worth it.  I forgot how nerve wracking interviews are!", "That's great.  Hopefully you will get the position.  What will you be doing if you get the job?", "Sadly, they've already said if they offer me the position it will be surgical consultations for heart patients only until I prove myself.  Once they consider me reformed, then I can go back to operating.  Not my ideal, but again, grateful for the opportunity.  Are your bees producing any honey yet?", "That's understandable.  But a start nonetheless.  Not yet, I am hopeful to have some soon.  I would love to sell the honey at our local farmer's market.", "That would be a great little business for you.  If it takes off, you could even look at opening an online business.  I have a few friends that work in homeopathic medicine.  Local honey is one of the best things to promote a healthy immune system.  You might be able to sell some to them for their patients.", "That would be great.  I have heard of the many health benefits of honey.  I try to use honey in replacement of sugar.  When I go to the farmer's market, I may just print a handout emphasizing the benefits of honey.  Thanks for the awesome idea. Been to the park lately?", "No, I figured it's probably better that I lay low for awhile and try to stay out of trouble.  Instead, I've just been researching and applying for jobs while my bird swears at me in Spanish.  How long have you been in the bee business?", "I have been playing around with it for about 3 years but just got real serious this year.  Yes, it probably is for the best to lay low.  Did you teach bird Spanish?", "It seems to be working out for you.  I'm sure you'll do well expanding the business.  It was one of my college frat brothers who taught the bird.  It drives me crazy.  I have no idea what he's saying.  My friend assured me that I shouldn't repeat it in public!  Any idea on how to deprogram a bird?!", "Thank you for your vote of confidence.  You might try talking to the bird and see if he repeats phrases you can say in public.  Maybe the constant hearing of new words will help.", "That's a good idea.  I'll make him learn surgical talk!  "], "history_conv": [["Howdy, I'm george. How are you?", "I'm great george, just set around braiding my dogs hair", "Oh, neat. What kind of dog do you have?", "I lied I do not have a dog, but do have a bird", "Haha, interesting. I'm not big on animals, but I do farm bees.", "Wow, you have seen the bees knees, I'm I mean I was a doctor", "How long have you been a doctor?", "Ten years, but now I am searching for a job because I got fired", "Oh no, that's unfortunate. Did you do something wrong?", "Making a video for americas funniest videos, while doing heart surgery", "Ha, they must not have a sense of humor. Do you like papayas?", "I do, and now I just watch my all time favorite movie friday, hey", "I love friday! I wish I had close family like that.", "I love going to the park. Do you? I like to trip roller skater with logs", "Ha, I mostly stay around my farm. You sound like a funny person though.", "Well, tell my old boss that, I like farms, I like to play with piglets"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a home tanning bed.", "I am young. I get mani and pedis.", "Britney Spears is my favorite singer.", "I like sports cars and luxury items. My favorite car is a Lamborghini."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the country. I work on a farm. I have a farmer's tan. I have a pet cow named Betsy.", "I am an electrician.", "I love country music. I drive a Dodge Ram.", "My parents live on a farm."], "current_conv": ["How's Betsy doing? How much time do you spend working on the farm?", "Betsy it good. She's a good milk cow.", "I just can't imagine!  I never had a pet growing up, but my friends had little dogs.  A pet cow has to be something!  I'm afraid that I would mess up my hair and outfit if I came to visit!", "I'm sure you would get messy! Do you think Betsy would like a mani and pedi. lol", "LOL.  If it's anything like how I feel after one, she would love it!   I am sure there are cow beauticians out there, right?  Does Betsy live in a barn on your property?", "Betsy can go in and out of the barn. She lives at my parents' house on the farm, but she is mine. ", "Ok.  How far away from your place is the farm?", "It's a few miles from my house, but in the country that's like being next door!", "LOL.  At least a little time to work out the truck and blast some country music.  I am not a country music fan and Brittany is my girl, but I do like some Taylor Swift!", "I'm about the same age as Brittany, so I remember her well. She was huge when i was in my youth. ", "My mom told me that as well.  I grew up listening to her because my mom was always playing her.  Then I got hooked.  It's the one \"old fashioned\" thing I am into!", "lol That's true. Even though she is getting older, everyone knows who she is."], "history_conv": [["Omg! Hi. So excited to chat!", "Howdy!!! I just got done working the farm so I need to relax!", "I was just shopping. Bought a new home tan bed.", "Wow! I live in the country so I have a farmers tan!", "Winter is coming and I need to maintain my summer body and tan.", "Tell me about it! My pet cow will be sad when it gets colder. Betsy loves warmth.", "Mani, pedi, tan and diet. Keeps me looking young and at my best.", "My electrician salary could not afford all that!", "You are in the country? What types of music do you have there?", "I blast good ole country music in my big dodge ram!", "No britney spears? She s my favorite.", "My parents would yell if they heard britney spears! Their farm is country only!", "I like sports cars... And tons of luxury items.", "What is your favorite sports car? Only big trucks for me.", "Definitely a lamborghini. To me it says a lot about the guy who drives it.", "Tells you they're not hillbillies huh!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 27. I am single. I have my own online business. I love to make and save money.", "I need a new car. I am happy.", "I do marketing and drop shipping. I am hiring an assistant marketing director."], "partner_persona": ["I am forty. I am a car salesman. I hate selling cars.", "I am unhappily married. My divorce will be final tomorrow. My wife doesn't work. My wife takes my money."], "current_conv": ["I've been having a think about what you were saying and we might need a sales person for the company.", "What type of sales? I really need a change from selling cars!", "We're in home repairs, mostly things like roofing, siding, and some interior remodeling.", "Is this something I could tele-commute for? ", "No, to sell someone on a remodel you really need to be on the property looking at everything, walking them through. Is traveling a problem?", "Probably not, now that my divorce is being finalized. Would your company be able to assist with relocation expenses if I had to move?", "If the fit is right, we can work something out. You're sure it's just cars you hate selling, and not selling in general?", "To be honest, no, I'm not sure! I suppose I'd find out sooner rather than later. Is that a risk you're willing or able to take?", "To help a guy out whose been in a rough spot, absolutely. Are you gonna celebrate the divorce being finalized?", "I don't know about celebrate, but it sure is a relief. I really appreciate your accommodating nature! You sound like you'd be a great boss. I feel better about continuing in sales if you're my supervisor!", "I'm sure it'll be a great fit. Few things I enjoy more than making money, and now we can get you some of your own to spend!", "What do you enjoy spending the money on?"], "history_conv": [["What do you like to do for a living?", "You hiring? I'm forty, a car salesman and unhappily married.", "I have my on online business I am 27 and single", "Wow! My divorce is final tomorrow. Wife is a big spender but doesn't work.", "Wow! That must sucks I love to make an save money", "Great! You need a car? I wish I had a business. You happy?", "Yes I need a new vehicle and yes I'm very happy", "That's good! What kind of business are you in? You hiring?", "I do marketing and drop shipping, and yes of course I am always hiring", "Wow! Is forty old? My wife takes my money. Help!", "No forty is the new 20. But why she takes your money", "The divorce! What positions do you have open?", "Oh wow that really sucks. And assistant marketing director", "Get out! I hate selling cars. You need a salesperson?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drove my car into my garage. I have a Nissan pathfinder.", "I play country music. I have short brown hair.", "I love pizza. I am a convenience store manager.", "I met Taylor Swift at McDonalds.", "I am watching Planet of the Apes."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "My favourite food is cheeseburgers. My first job was in McDonalds. I grew up poor.", "My name is Ariel."], "current_conv": ["I couldn't stop thinking about cheeseburgers after you mentioned them so I made some for my dinner!", "Oh that sounds good.  What did you put on them?  Have you ever tried a fried egg on top?", "I grilled them on the gas grill, and yes, I love fried egg on my hamburger!", "The first time I tried it I was hesitant but now I am hooked on them.  Did you finish watching Planet of the Apes?", "Yes. I finished watching it. It's a great movie. Have you watched it?", "I have it.  I really enjoyed Rise of the Planet of the Apes.  Have you watched that one yet?", "Yes. I just watched it too. I can easily see the apes getting together in the future to combat destructive human behavior. ", "I can see that as well.  I think animals are really smart and if we really could communicate with them...imagine the possibilities.  .  ", "I agree, and apes are some of the smartest. I don't think we want to understand how smart they are because it makes us feel better about ourselves.", "We are naturally afraid of the unknown.  Heard any good country songs?", "I've been listening to Lee Brice a lot. Have you heard of him?", "Oh, I love Lee Brice. Do you know he wrote \"More than a Memory\" for Garth Brooks?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "I'm good just resting had a long day volunteered at a soup kitchen", "Nice, I just drove my nissan pathfinder into my garage", "Omg noo lol are you ok", "Yeah I jam my country music, with my short brown hair", "Whats your favorite food? Mine is cheeseburgers", "I love pizza, I eat a lot being a convenience store manager", "I was same way when I gew up since we were poor my 1st job was mcdonalds", "Cool, I met taylor swift at mcdonalds", "Omg that is crazy my lil sister says she is running out of songs since she uses ppl", "Yeah, sounds really fun. Hows your night going?", "Alright watching tv and you?", "Watching planet of the apes, new one and surveys", "I am ariel by the way were are you from?", "Is your name really ariel? I just had someone else named ariel haha", "That's me lol but I guess we keep getting each other so what sports do you like?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jane, I don't drink or do drugs.", "I am 19.", "I work at Burger King (pt).", "I live with parents.", "I feel like I doesn't have enough time.", "I am in Community College."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jess, I have three dogs.", "I have my own business.", "I like watching gymnastics."], "current_conv": ["Hi Jess! How are your dogs and how is your dog-walking business?", "Hey Jane. My dogs are doing well and my dog-walking business is doing really well. How is this semester at community college going for you?", "To be honest, it's been pretty stressful. I think I underestimated how much time I would need to dedicate to this many classes. I think next semester, I am going to take one less class.", "That makes sense. School can be very stressful.  Is there any specific class you would drop?", "It's too late for me to drop any of this semester's classes without penalties, so I'm just going to have to power through. Wish I could drop political science though; I know it's a requirement, I just wish I took it when I had more time to dedicate to studying. You know, I forgot to ask you earlier - what are your dogs' names?", "I did not enjoy my political science class when I was still in college. It was so boring.  Thank you for asking about my pups. Their names are Biscuit, Gravy, and Simon Biles, which is the name of my favorite gymnasts. My dogs love to eat Burger King fries.", "I love their names! Do they come with you while you are working? Or do you try to keep them separate from the other dogs?", "I sometimes bring them to work. They are friendly dogs but it can be difficult to walk 4 or more dogs at once. ", "I wish I had a dog; I have tons of Burger King fries that I could share with them! You're very lucky to own a business where you can keep fit and interact with dogs all day. Was your degree in business?", "My dogs would love you so much if you brought them some fries. I love my business. I did get an accounting degree in college so running my own small business feels natural to me. I will likely start to expand and hire some other dog walkers. If you are ever looking for more part time work so you can move out from your parent's house, shoot me a message. I'm sure all the dogs I walk will love your Burger King french fry smell lol", "Wow! I don't know if I would do well in an accounting program; math is not my strongest area. But thanks so much for the offer! When I'm a little farther along in school, I might be able to take you up on it. I would love to have a little more interaction with some furry friends!", "I love math but not as much as I love gymnastics. The offer is always on the table. I know you are very busy and I respect your hustle. "], "history_conv": [["Hi I'm jane and I do have never drink, and do drugs that's harmful", "I agree, nice to meet you jane", "Same to you. I am 19 of age and cannot wait to move out", "I am jess, I've 3 dogs. I love dogs! Do you have any pets?", "I work part time at burger king to make some income", "That's great! I love burger king! I have a dog walking business", "Yeah it was close to my parents house", "I enjoy watching gymnastics, what do you like to do?", "I want to have more time with my friends", "It is always good to have a well rounded social life!", "It is ans some times you wish you just had more time", "It is important to make time!", "It is and I will sometime next week its been hectic with school as well", "Where do you go to school? What is your major?", "I am in a community college near me", "That's great! Do you have a major?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am studying Spanish. I love studying languages.", "I would like to go to France. I am hoping to learn French."], "partner_persona": ["I have been unpacking.I recently moved to the USA. I am from Romania.", "I have stepchildren. I am six months pregnant with children. I do not have a job.", "I speak English. My parents and grandparents are from Yorkshire. We moved to Romania when I was three.", "I lived in Paris as an exchange student in high school."], "current_conv": ["How has unpacking been going? Are you settling into your new place well? ", "I miss Romania a lot but have been learning a lot about the USA.  Spain is my favorite though. You will travel there once you finish your language classes?", "I would definitely like to! Maybe while I'm there I could visit France for a bit like I've always wanted to. I'd like to learn more French before I do that, though. How did you like France when you lived there?", "Tres Bien! You will learn French in no time once you know Spanish. Paris has the best architecture in the world. What interests you in France?", "I've always thought the language was so cool, and I've heard great things about the beautiful countryside! And of course I'd love to see the Eiffel Tower. What makes their architecture special?", "Its so distinguished with the beautiful spires and arched roofs. At night it is all lit up. The Eiffel Tower is great, I just hope your OK with heights!", "Ooh that does sound really pretty! Heights make me a little nervous, but not enough that I'd skip out on an experience like that! Speaking of experiences, how has it been transitioning from Romania to the USA? What have you been learning and enjoying (or maybe not enjoying, lol)?", "Well, Romania is quite different but what I love about the US is all the different food here! I even fund a Romanian restaurant that has Uber delivery!  Have you eaten Romanian yet? ", "The wonders of modern technology! I haven't actually... what would you recommend?", "Wow, there is so much to love. However, if your going to eat one thing it has to be goats spleen stuffed with frog and spinach.  The frog is such a nice surprise when you the spleen bursts open! Doesn't that sound incredible?", "That definitely sounds interesting! Not sure if it's up my alley, but I guess I'll try anything once. What's there to lose? Do you cook traditional Romanian food at home for your family?", "I am not a very good cook. The last time I tried to make the stuffed spleen the frog was not mushy enough. Plus I forgot to take the bones out. Now I just order out. Whats your favorite food?"], "history_conv": [["Hola! How are you doing tonight?", "Hi there. I am well, thanks. Yourself?", "Very well! I am just trying to get my spanish down well.", "I finally finished unpacking tonight. You have a spanish test?", "Love languages and study them. Working on spanish. Trabajo is a great word!", "That is interesting. What does that word mean?", "Where were you? I would love to go to france. That is the next language I'm tackling!", "I just moved to the usa from romania.", "Trabajo means work. In french, the word for work is travail.", "I take care of my stepchildren and am currently 6 months pregnant with triplets... So no work.", "Wow! Welcome to the usa! What languages do you speak?", "I only speak english. My parents and grandparents moved to romania from yorkshire when I was three.", "Well, at least you know english to be able to communicate here!", "Most of the townspeople actually spoke decent english where I grew up in romania.", "That is good. I cannot wait to learn french.", "I lived in paris as an exchange student in high school. I hated the language barrier."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an art major.", "I love to cook.", "I love Star Wars. I am related to Christopher Columbus.", "I love to eat fish and chips.", "I like poetry and coffee."], "partner_persona": ["I love poetry. I love coffee.", "I love Star Wars.", " I like to cook. I played football in college. ", "I like to run."], "current_conv": ["I just learned the best new recipe!", "What is the new recipe? Please tell!", "It's a recipe for spicy tuna sushi rolls. It's so good! ", "Oh my gosh. I love sushi and i love spicy food! What's the secret?", "Don't tell anyone, but the REAL secret is making sriracha mayonnaise. It sounds gross, but it's really good when mixed with tuna.", "That sounds so good. I wish i was good at making sushi. Did you learn on your own, or did you take a class?", "I learned by watching YouTube videos. It's really easy. You should give it a try!", "Good point. YouTube can teach us a lot. I believe i will give it a try. ", "You really should. Do you ever watch poetry readings on YouTube?", "I never have, but i do listen to Fairy Tales for my kid on YouTube. I may try the poetry readings. Do you have any recommendations?", "I guess it depends on what kind of poetry you like. I enjoy slam poetry. What is your favorite genre?", "I enjoy odes and haiku."], "history_conv": [["Hello I'm a art major in college, what do you do.", "Hi. I try all kinds of coffee as a hobby and I read poetry.", "How cool, I love cooking, one of my favorites is paella.", "I really love star wars and am a huge fan. Do you like it?", "Yes, I love star wars. I'm descendant of christopher columbus", "Me too! I also like to make paella. I played for a division of football in college.", "Besides cooking I love to eat, I have a major weakness for fish and chips.", "I have heard that about people who are descendants of christopher columbus.", "What position did you play in football?", "I do not remember. Maybe linebacker? I have forgotten how to play.", "Yes, all descendants from christopher columbus love star wars.", "I know! We surely do.", "What else do you like to do?", "You must also love poetry and coffee", "Of course, you can not have one without the other.", "I like to cook, run, read poetry, drink coffee, play football. And starwars"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I need a job in a restaurant.", "My name is Mike.", "I like playing basketball.", "I have an older sister.", "I play point guard.", "I don't have pets.", "I live in California. My favorite artist is Travis Scott."], "partner_persona": ["I am a chef. My Name is Larry.", "I like fishing.", "I like comic books. I enjoy snowboarding.", "I don't have pets."], "current_conv": ["I got a job interview at a great restaurant, do you have any advice? ", "Yes! Just make sure you dress well and stay calm and keep eye contact. Let them know you play basketball so they know you can balance well and hold a lot in your hands.", "Fingers crossed. I'm thinking about adopting a pet after I land on the job. Any suggestions?", "I have been thinking about a Golden Retriever. Something that likes to travel with me to go snowboarding and fishing. You need a dog that likes to play with a basketball! How's your sister doing? I haven't seen her since the fishing trip last month.", "She is fine with her job and all. I was thinking about a Husky for snowboarding for you. It looks so cute.", "They love the snow! But they need a lot of attention and with the restaurant and my hobbies a cat might be the best thing. Have you heard the new Travis Scott album? I heard he mentions a lot of comic book characters.", "Yes, I did. Wish I could read some comics. I kind of don't like cats by the way. They're too moody for my taste.", "I can mail you some! I just finished a DC comic about a high school basketball team that has to fight off alien invaders, it's right up your alley! Was it hard to find a restaurant to get an interview at in your part of California?", "Yes, it's kind of hard as the service industry is in kind of demand nowadays. Yes, please do mail me. I would love to read about a high school basket ball team fighting off alien invaders. Might share it with my team as well. You're so helpful. Thanks.", "Of course! Let me know how the interview goes and I will get those comics to you! Next time I come to California we will have to get together. Maybe I can finally take you snowboarding! See you later, Mike!", "See you later Larry. Sure will love to show you some of the coolest places here in California."], "history_conv": [["I am looking for a restaurant job. What do you do?", "I am a chef. My name is larry what is yours?", "Mike. Are you hiring? Haha", "Not at the moment. Do you have any hobbies?", "I like to play basketball. How about you?", "I love to be on the water, fishing is one of my favorite things to do.", "Very nice. I have an older sister. She loves to fish", "Nice, I like comic books as well. What position do you play in basketball.", "I am a point guard. My mom was a dentist and never let me read comic books.", "Your mom was probably looking out for you. Do you have any pets?", "No pets. How about you?", "No I always wanted a dog. What state do you live in?", "I live in ca. There is an artist here, travis scott, who is my favorite.", "Never heard of him. What type of music does he sing?", "Alternative music. What else do you do in your spare time?", "I like to snowboard in the winter."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I eat fast food. I live near a Burger King. I like Burger King food.", "My boyfriend and I live together. We live in a house. I own the house we live in.", "I don't smoke weed."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a job that has late hours. I work at Burger King part time. I go to school part time. I'm not the boss at work.", "I'm trying to save money and move out. I live with my parents.", "I don't drink alcohol or do drugs."], "current_conv": ["I talked it over with my boyfriend, and we can let you move in with a pet if you have any. ", "That's cool. Do you think the house is big enough?", "Yes, It has 4 bedrooms so we should be good.", "How much rent are you guys charging?", "It will be $300 to help with all the bills including food. I will make sure to get stuff everyone like. ", "That sounds great. Maybe i can supply you all with all the Burger King food you want since i work there!!!", "That would be cool. We just ask that you buy your own pet food since we don't have one and clean up after it.", "I don't have any pets, so we should be good with that. Can i move in immediately, or do you have a waiting period?", "Give us a week we need to clear out the room for you. It is filled with boxes", "That sounds good. I'm excited to move out on my own!", "We are excited to have the help. Just make sure to clean up after yourself and we should all be happy.", "That sounds good. Thanks for the offer. We can finalize the details before i move in. "], "history_conv": [["I just cam back from a walk. How is your morning?", "I feel tired this morning, worked too late last night.", "What do you do? I walked and got a burger and fries from the corner.", "I work at burger king part time, and go to school part time.", "Maybe you made my burger! I wish there were more options than soda.", "Me too, but I am not the boss. Are you working?", "I'm at home right now with my boyfriend. Are you?", "No I have to get going again to work. I want to save money and move out.", "Where do you want to move?", "I've no idea, just out from my parents home", "You can move in with us! There's plenty of room in the house.", "That would be nice. Are you renting it out?", "I could rent you a room.", "I am very easygoing, no drinking or drug.", "Well, weed is legal here, but I don't smoke anyway.", "Ah good. That is fun. I'll come take a look."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Richard.", "I like to travel. I am not it aaa.", "I am 60 years old.", "I do not drink alcohol. I will retire in several years.", "I am a librarian at Boston College. I love books."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Andy. I am in aaa.", "I take medication. I am 45 years old."], "current_conv": ["Hi Andy. How have the medications been making you feel lately?", "They help me with my condition but it's like they take the life out of me. I always feel down and low energy.", "That's too bad. Do you think you might ever be able to get off your medication, or maybe switch to something that doesn't have the same side effects?", "I wish I could, but I don't know of anything else that will treat my condition. I've consulted with my doctor a time or two and they assure me that this medication is best for me.", "Well, hopefully you'll be able to get off it soon, or something better will come out. I've needed to take pills to help me sleep for years, but I switched last year to a brand that works much better for me.", "I do too. Do you have some sort of sleep condition or do you just take pills to make falling asleep easier?", "I don't have a specifically diagnosed condition or anything, I just find that I have a restless mind and I stop myself from being able to fall asleep because I can't stop thinking. My pills really help calm me down!", "I was kind of like that before my medication. I'd often think about all sorts of things come bed time, but I'd eventually get too tired to form coherent thoughts. With my meds though sleeping has never been easier ...", "Ah, the wonders of modern medicine! I'm glad it's been able to bring you some peace.", "It just makes me want to sleep all the time is the unfortunate part. Anyway, has there been anything new going on with you?", "I'm going to have a BBQ next weekend!", "What are you planning on making? Going to make a vegan option for any veggie who dares comes to the BBQ?"], "history_conv": [["Good day! My name is richard.", "Hey there rick, I am andy. Are you in aaa like me?", "Ah no I am not. Do you like to travel? My favorite destination is spain.", "I travel in the city. My meds make me see things some times.", "Sorry about that andy. How old are you? Sixty years am I.", "45. Stay away from alcohol, and if you can, buy a farm.", "Hmm. Perhaps I'll buy a farm when I retire.. Just a few years. No alcohol!", "Retiring as a teen? That is pretty impressive. What do you do?", "I'm sixty! Make a living as a librarian for boston college. You?", "Oh, okay. I thought you said 16. Sorry, I see things at times.", "Ha ha yes. How many meds do you take?", "I take a lot. Some days eight, some days twelve.", "Wow. That is a lot of medication. I hope you are getting better.", "Thank you. How did you end up a librarian?", "I love books. Well I need to get back to work. You take care andy.", "Thank you, lunch time is over for me as well."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm from a farm in Wisconsin.", "My favorite ice cream is mint chocolate chip.", "I am single. I don't have kids. I am 45.", "I am unemployed. I got out of rehab for alcohol addiction. I take medications that mess with my head.", "I am lonely. I live alone. I don't have much of a social life."], "partner_persona": ["I love ice cream. Chocolate is my favorite.", "I love my wife and kids.", "I have 3 children. I work as a plumber."], "current_conv": ["I'm considering signing up for a club to try and make some friends.", "That sounds like a good idea. It can be so hard to make friends as an adult.", "It doesn't help that I grew up away from so many people. You add in not working and then alienating people with my addictions and it can be a recipe for perpetual loneliness.  But I am feeling good and confident that this is where I start a new chapter!", "What kind of club are you thinking of joining? My wife is in a cooking club and she always has fun with it.", "It's an over 40 singles club, but they said it's not about dating; it's about connecting.  The idea of a cooking club sounds like a lot of fun.  Have you noticed a change in your meals since she started?", "She's been making a lot more different kinds of food! There's a Korean woman and an Indian couple who have shared some of their recipes, and I love trying them out when my wife makes one.", "That sounds so amazing.  I haven't had a chance to sample many other cuisines, but there is a Korean takeout that is pretty good.  I'd love to try some of what your wife has been making!", "They host cookouts once a month where everyone in the club brings a dish, and families and friends are invited. You should come along to the next one, maybe you'll meet someone you like! At the very least, you'll get some good food.", "That sounds really good!  I won't be as nervous since you and your family will be there.  Should I get anything to take?", "You don't need to, but I'm sure they wouldn't mind having some extra drinks around if you wanted to bring a couple bottles of soda.", "That sounds wonderful  Thanks so much for inviting me!  Who knows, maybe I will find a new club?", "I'm sure you'll meet someone who shares some of your interests. It will be nice to have you around. I always feel like my wife has so many more friends than I do, it's nice to have one of my own come with me!"], "history_conv": [["Hey. Where are you from? I'm from a farm in wisconsin", "I love ice cream what is your favorite? Mine is chocolate", "Mine is mint chocolate chip", "I love wife and my kids they love chocolate ice cream also", "I'm currently single. No kids. But I'm 45", "Three children is in my family, I work as a plumber", "I'm currently unemployed. I just got out of rehab for alcohol addiction", "You want my kids? Plenty to spare, we go to park together", "I don't think I'm the right person", "Oh, kids is not good for you then, I take that back. How is it going?", "I still have to take medications which now mess with my head, but other than that good", "Okay, sorry to know. Are you lonely?", "Yes. I live alone. But hopefully I'll find someone to spend time with", "Think positive, how is your social life?", "Nonexistent. I used to be a party king, but had to drop out of that life", "You will soon, it is good to have a family."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play hockey, I also watch the NHL.", "I have a pet German Shepherd.", "I color in coloring books sometimes."], "partner_persona": ["I like to ride skateboards. I injured my arm. I broke multiple bones. I ride my skateboard with my friends. I do tricks and jumps.", "I like hats. I have a pet, I watch skateboarding with my dog. German Shepherds are my favorite breed of dogs.", "I play card games.", "My friends use adult coloring books."], "current_conv": ["When will you be able to skate again?", "Doctors say in two weeks.  I can't wait to get back to skating.  Have you been able to play hockey recently?", "I've played a couple of pickup games of street hockey recently. Almost fell a time or too and skidding along pavement isn't nearly as fun as sliding across ice.", "I have never tried hockey or ice skating.  Is ice skating difficult to learn?", "If you know how to rollerblade then you essentially know how to ice skate. If you don't ... then well it can be a bit scary at first. You're going to fall down a time or two but it's pretty easy to get the hang of.", "I should try it once my arm heals.  I love to head to the skate park with my German shepard but ice skating sounds like it would be fun also.", "I don't know if the owners of an ice rink would let your dog in, but if they did then I'm sure your boy would enjoy it. I like to skate around but I can't imagine trying to go up quarter pipes or skate on a rail.", "It is thrilling and usually a supportive group of people at the park to give you tips and such.  Start with small tricks and ramps.  I am sure you would get the hang of it.", "It seems scary. I've played those old Tony Hawk games and I know what's in store if you don't land your trick right. I doubt I'd be doing backflips off a halfpipe but even simple tricks can lead to mishaps.", "For sure it has some risk.  Just ask my arm!  It is fun though.  I can't wait to head back as soon as the doctor tells me I can.", "You must really enjoy what you do to suffer such an injury while doing it and yet still be itching to get back at it once you recover. I'd probably be the same if I ever took an unfortunate spill in a hockey match.", "When you like something it is worth the risk.  I am confident you would head right back on the ice if you took a spill."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are ya mate?", "I am busted, a broken arm while skateboarding.", "Ahh that sucks mate, how did you break your arm?", "All my friends and I were skateboarding and I landed wrong.", "Ahh, reminds me of them hockey falls, I enjoy watching nhl hockey.", "I understand, I fell, bones were broken, but my hat stayed on! Huh", "Do you wear many hats and do you own any pets?", "Plenty hats, and a dog. We are both here watching rob dryden skateboard.", "Which breed? I own a german shepherd and he's so full of energy.", "I've a german shepherd also. The best dog ever.", "Oh yes they are, do you like adult coloring books?", "No not my thing. I love card games.", "Me too, cards against humanity lol, and I love coloring books they de stress me.", "I heard that from a few friends maybe I'll try it someday."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog. I hate scorpions.", "My dad races cars.", "I love the color grey.", "I'm 14."], "partner_persona": ["I'm near retirement. I enjoy Nascar racing.", "I've traveled to Spain.", "I work in a library.", "I have two dogs.", "I don't drink."], "current_conv": ["Got any interesting stories about Spain?", "Christmas is very special in Spain.", "Is Christmas special because of the markets or is it more spiritual?", "It is special because, it is very traditional here. What are the cars does your dad have?", "My dad has 3, a corvette, a mustang and a masaratti", "Oh that's cool, Have you ever drove one of those?", "well, technically I don't have my license yet, but Dad let me do a lap on the track with the Vette.  ", "Wow, I hope I have one of those. Btw What's your dog name?", "Luna, she is a 65 pound terrier mix bucket of fluff.  What are your dogs names and breeds?", "I have a Labrador named Jack and a Golden Retriever named Axel.", "Those are both high energy dogs.  Do they like to go into water?  Luna does, she runs straight into the lake near us.", "Yeah, they always make a mess around the house, They do like playing the water."], "history_conv": [["My dog barnaby is gray and we both hate scorpions.", "That is very interesting. So I guess you live in a place with scorpions?", "Yes! Barnaby is my german shepherd and my dad races cars.", "When I retire in few years I will travel all over the country to nascar races.", "Cool! Wonder woman and I both love the color grey. You like scorpions?", "I have seen scorpions during my travels to spain.", "Me, barnaby and my dad travelled to spain for a nascar event.", "I did not know they had nascar in spain.", "Oh yes! They have scorpions and grey german shepherds too!", "I have read about this in the library where I work.", "Wow! You have a dog? Did you see lots of libraries in spain?", "I have two dogs, tater and tot.", "Cute! My dad lets me and barnaby ride in his nascar car. You drink?", "At my age I should not be drinking anymore. How old are you?", "Great! I am 14. Do you like grey hair? I do", "Do you type with one finger?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My husband is out of town. I met my husband doing volunteer work.", "My favorite food is cheeseburgers.", "I have a Mustang that my dad built.", "My husband has a Raptor that he is putting money into."], "partner_persona": ["I like watching television. I wish I had someone to watch with.", "I want a husband. I live alone. I work from home. I am too busy to date.", "I go to the gym.", "I love pizza.", "I like to buy cars. I don't build any.", "I might take a date out to a nice restaurant."], "current_conv": ["My husband just told me that he's going to be out of town an extra 3 days longer than planned!", "Oh no!! Too bad. Is he out of town on business?", "Yeah.  He's working so hard to provide for us.  His job is pretty difficult, too.", "What does your husband do for work? Btw I met someone!!", "My husband does construction projects.  Part of it is volunteer work.  Also...you met someone?  Wow  Do you have time for ates now?!!", "I see! He must be a hard worker. Are you missing him? And yes! I recently joined a skydiving club and I met him there! He asked me on a date to Harvey's ", "I miss him so much!  As for what you said about your date...isn't Harvey's that nice restaurant?  I hope he's paying ;-)", "Yes what do you do when your husband is away? And yes it's a very romantic restaurant. He better pay, or else there may not be a second date ;)", "I still chow down on burgers.  I love to cook, so firing up the grill is something I do pretty often.  I think I may be addicted to tit!", "I'm glad you keep yourself busy then! Not the worst thing to be addicted to!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "Ok. Just enjoying my television watching time. Wishing I had someone to watch with.", "I know the feeling. My husband is out of town and I'm home alone.", "I wish I had a husband instead of being alone when I do my work at home.", "Do you date? Volunteer somewhere? I met mine doing volunteer work.", "I guess it is because I don't have time with the gym, work, tv, and cars.", "What is your favorite food? Mine is cheeseburgers.", "I love pizza, but I really enjoy putting my cash into the cars I've.", "What are you building? My dad built my mustang.", "I am not really building. Just love to spend money on buying them.", "That's cool too. My husband has a raptor that he is putting money in.", "Maybe I should spend more money on trying to take a date out to a nice restaurant.", "You really should! Girls like cars too, you know.", "Yes. You think I'd meet someone at the gym.", "Absolutely, look on the treadmills or bikes.", "Yes. Just ask if they like cars."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love hats and I have a lot for winter.", "I like cats more than dogs.", "I am a retired athlete. I was in the Olympics.", "Vanilla is my favorite ice cream flavor.", "I want to get married someday."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like hats.", "I have three kids. I don't have any pets. I have a wife. I love my family.", "I think cats are funny.", "Chocolate is my favorite ice cream flavor."], "current_conv": ["I'm thinking of getting back into the dating scene.", "That sounds like a good idea. I'm sure eventually you will meet someone and get married.", "I would love to meet someone who shares my desire to have adventurous outings!  Are you married or in the world of bachelors/bachelorettes?", "I told you earlier I am married! Both my wife and I love adventurous outings as well. You just have to keep looking for that special person.", "Yes that is true.  Do you and your wife like to go and explore new places?  I want to find someone who shares that desire with me because I am out and about every weekend!", "Yes, we are out exploring almost every weekend. Hiking, small towns, big cities. We go lots of places. What are some of your favorites?", "I love the mountains.  They are a great place to go and explore and think.  Have you ever heard of Bitcoin", "Oh yes we love the mountains too! Of course I have heard of Bitcoin. I only wish I invested in it earlier. I have bought lots of doge coin though.", "Wow you fell into the Doge coin scam?  I hope you didnt spend much money on them?  I find that cryptos are unreliable but this year and 2020 they have skyrocketed!  Especially Bitcoin.  I mean nearly 60 grand for 1 bitcoin!", "Why do you think Doge is a scam? I've made a decent amount of money so far, but you're right they are unreliable but its just for fun.", "Have you actually cashed in on the Doge or are you saying that it has just gained value since you investedd in it?  Also what do we need to do when we are done with our conversation?  Do you know?", "I've made a few hundred dollars. I bought when it first started going up. If you have to go we can talk later."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Do you like hats?", "Hi there! I am not into them, but my kids love them.", "I've a huge collection. Perfect for winter.", "That's great! I've three kids so we are always in need of them.", "They are welcome to come over and borrow some! Do you have pets?", "Perfect. I don't, but my wife and kids would love a dog.", "Dogs always chase my cats. I prefer cats.", "Oh no! Cats are such funny animals, very independent.", "Yes they're! That is one reason I like them. And they're furry!", "What do you do for a living?", "I am a retired athlete. Went to the 1992 olympics", "Wow! That's impressive. We love to eat ice cream while watching the olympics.", "What kind is your favorite? I love vanilla. Would eat it all day.", "I prefer chocolate myself, but my wonderful wife loves vanilla.", "I wish I was married. Cannot wait to find that special someone.", "It is the best. My wife and kids are awesome."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm from Chicago. I'm in high school and live near a ghetto. I want to do mechanical engineering after school.", "I want to be a physical therapis.", "My favorite food is pizza with pepperoni. I'm running a 5k.", "I don't have pets.", "My favorite band is Pink Floyd. I was homecoming queen.", "I play an instrument."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Ohio. I work at a supermarket.", "My favorite food is pizza with black olives.", "I love cats.", "My favorite band is Who. I sometimes love Pink Floyd."], "current_conv": ["I listened to Pink Floyd after school today and played guitar to it", "I enjoy Pink Floyd as well! Did you teach yourself to play guitar or did you take lessons? I've always wanted to learn an instrument but I have no musical talent!", "It was a mix, I took a few lessons but I mostly watched videos online on how to do it. With enough work you can master an instrument!", "That's wonderful for you. Do you play any other instruments?", "No, for now guitar is my only one. I think you would enjoy playing too if you tried it out. ", "I think you're right. So what got you interested in physical therapy? I'm sure that will be an interesting and rewarding career.", "My dad is a physical therapist, and he is my inspiration to be one as well. Do you think you would be interested in a career like that?", "Oh that's great. Following in a parents' footsteps seems to be a common path. I ork", "Yes, and my mom is very supportive of this choice too. I hope I can get the right education for it. ", "I'm sure you will. I am planning on going into education, which is the \"family business\", so to speak, in my family. It is wonderful to have supportive parents.", "That is great, you will make an excellent teacher. ", "Thank you! Have you been running lately? I really enjoy the 5k distance. Will this be your first race?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how is your day going?", "How are you. Where are you from?", "Well, chicago but I'm in high school near the ghetto at the moment", "Oh great. I'm living in ohio and working for a local supermarket", "That's cool. I would like to be a physical therapist, not a cashier.", "Good to know. What is your favorite food? Mine is pizza with black olives", "Also pizza, but with pepperoni. I cannot eat too much as I want to run a 5k.", "Do you have any pet at your home. Because I love cats and I've one spook.", "No, pets interfere with my straight as. I need to focus", "That too cool. Which is your favorite band? Mine is who", "Pink floyd, but at the homecoming when I was queen they played the who", "You are great! I love that band too at sometimes.", "You should, they're great. I also play", "Then what is your next plan on your future after schooling", "Maybe I'll do more with mechanical engineering", "Yeah mechanical engineering have great scope. You can get better jobs as well"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to tan.", "My favorite singer is Britney Spears.", "I struggle with my weight. I frequently diet. I eat out all of the time."], "partner_persona": ["I like taking baths.", "I like to play Chess. I am preparing for a National Chess Tournament.", "My favorite band is Mumford and Sons.", "I am self-conscious about my weight. I am older than 20.", "I prefer cooking for myself. I used to have an alcohol problem. I like high protein foods. I eat healthy to stay sharp."], "current_conv": ["What city do you have to travel to for the National Chess Tournament?", "It's in San Fransisco this year.  I've never been so I'm hoping I'll have some time to do a little exploring.  Have you ever been?  Maybe give me to places or restaurants to check out? ", "Sadly, I have never been to San Francisco either, so I cannot be a reliable source of restaurant recommendations. But you should have a lot of fun! How do you think you'll do in the tournament this year?", "I think I'll do well.  But there's a guy out of France who is really good.  I've been studying some of his past games and the guy is a genius.  If I make through to play him, I don't know if I can win.  I'm practicing day in and day out to prepare.  You don't happen to play do you?", "I haven't played Chess since the summer of '69. I was never particularly good at it, but I do know which way the Knight moves. ", "Then you're golden in my book!  Sometimes I just need a \"fun\" game to play.  Would you want to play online sometime in the future?  It's a good way for me to relax and remember that I started because I love to play.  Summer of '69 huh?  Any chance you went to Woodstock?", "Sounds like it could be fun, count me in. I've remained undefeated for 52 years, just so you know. And I was there, yes - physically, anyway. ", "Oh, I sense a challenge!  Game on!  I bet you had a blast!  I've heard stories and seen footage.  I guarantee you I will never see an event that wild and free that could come close to the impact of that concert.  How did you learn to play chess? ", "Bring it. And as crazy as it was, I think it gets hyped up a bit. It was basically just a three-day field party. I learned to play chess by being forced to live in isolation in Alabama by my 'pa. ", "More like a mud fest from what I heard.  Rural Alabama I assume?  That can be a little rough.  My dad wanted to teach me strategy at an early age.  We always played after dinner....but I guess it's paying off.", "Haha yeah, that's pretty accurate. Rural Alabama indeed. No siblings, 'ma left, 'pa was always working. It was either Chess or staring at the field in those days. That's a nice way to learn though, and it definitely is paying off! It's a big deal just to be good enough to play in the National Chess Tournament, great job.", "Better to play chess than run through those fields.  Snakes and gators, no thank you!  Thank you for that.  That means a lot.  I wish you could fly out to watch!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how is it going. My name is michelle.", "Hi. I'm justin. I just got done relaxing in the tub.", "That sounds great. I love to tan. What sort of music do you listen to?", "I listen to a bit of everything. It helps me focus for my chess tournaments", "Britney spears is my favorite! Who is yours?", "Right now I listen to a lot of mumford and sons.", "Do you have a weight problem like me?", "I am a little self conscious. Thirty is not as easy as I remember twenty being.", "What do you like to eat? I diet all the time.", "I tend to stay in and cook for myself since I quit drinking a few years ago.", "That is probably a lot healthier and saves you money. I eat out all the time.", "My dad had me hooked on high protein foods like fish and chicken when I was training.", "What are you training for?", "I am competing for a national chess tournament. It helps me keep focus", "I can see how you'd have to be in shape for that!", "Yes, what are you doing for the weekend?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have multiple dogs. I put my dogs on a raw diet.", "I'm currently going to college as an economics major.", "I am married.  I have kids. I am a woman.", "I'm plan a trip to Cuba."], "partner_persona": ["I have kids and three dogs.", "I own a dog walking business.", "My father was a salesman.", "I am married to multiple women. One of my wives is a groomer.", "I don't like Cuba."], "current_conv": ["I just received my grade for my economic midterm. I got an A+.", "Great job! Were you worried, or did you know you did well?", "There's always uncertainty in exam results especially after tough exams. Now I'm just taking some time to recover from all the hard work.", "I always worried that I did badly on tests when I was in school, but I always did pretty well. What's your favorite way to reward yourself after doing well on things like that?", "That's a good question! I'm not sure that I do reward myself, I'm happy that I got good results but I don't treat myself to anything such as a purchase or a meal. Maybe I should. What I've enjoyed most since the exams is walking my dogs and appreciating the world around me.", "I had two roommates in college, my favorite tradition we had was to order pizza and have a movie night on Fridays as long as we'd all got 80s and up on all big projects and tests that week. It was a fun way to support each other and reward ourselves, really good motivation.", "That sounds very sociable and rewarding for your hard work! What did you study at college?  ", "I majored in Illustration with a minor in Psychology. I know it's a bit of a weird combo, I just took the classes that interested me! ", "That is an interesting combination! Choosing subjects that interest you is often a good idea. What parts of course have you found most useful in your life since you graduated?", "Something people really love is when I draw little cartoons of their dogs, haha. It's nice to see my talent bringing smiles to people's faces, and get to capture the personality of my favorite furry clients.", "I'd love you to draw my dogs if you had time!", "That sounds like fun! I'll see if I can have some caricatures done up in the next few days. How are they doing, by the way?"], "history_conv": [["Good morning, are your kids still sleeping? Mine aren't.", "Not at all, I wish. All three dogs are though.", "I have several as well, we are all on a raw diet.", "Nice, I ave a dog on a raw diet in my dog walking business.", "Do you have a business degree? I'm majoring in economics.", "For dog walking? No, but my dad sold door to door.", "In my area, dog walkers are groomers.", "Interesting, one of my wives is a groomer.", "Very nice. My husband is a cop, he did security for the rolling stones.", "Very cool. I've a friend who did that at the olympics in rio.", "They send him tickets once a year, we go for our anniversary.", "Nice, I go to most of the olympics every 4 years", "Very cool. I prefer to travel, we are going to cuba soon.", "Cuba is a dirty country rattled by hurricane", "Most of the world is a dirty country with economic problems.", "I guess that's true if you take a look as a whole"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like drinking wine and coffee.", "I have five sons. I take my boys to baseball practice. I coach the baseball team my sons play on.", "We do not have any pets."], "partner_persona": ["I love drinking wine. I like drinking coffee in the morning. Caffeine keeps me awake.", "I do not like people. I like animals. I have lots of cats. I like bird watching with my cats. I am an animal activist.", "I hate the holidays because they make me depressed."], "current_conv": ["Are you apart of any animal activist groups?", "Yes, I am part of PETA, which is People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. I believe a civil society treats all living creatures ethically, both people and animals.", "I definitely understand.  I am really busy with baseball, but we do try and help out around the community. My oldest son and his team actually did their volunteer work at the humane shelter.", "Nice! I feel so sorry for all the animals at the humane shelter. I wish more people would not only volunteer to work but help advertise all the animals needing homes. Do you plan on getting any pets in the future, maybe from the human shelter?", "We have thought about it a lot.  With the baseball becoming almost a year round thing, we didn't feel we had the right setup to get a pet.  Maybe when the youngest gets to high school we can finally get a dog.  ", "I totally understand. You are so busy with your boys that it makes sense to wait until you have more time to care for a pet. I can imagine the time demands with so many sons. I hope you give yourself time to relax. I find that a glass of wine in the night is really good for relaxing. I remember you like wine too. Which do you prefer, red or white wine?", "Red....all the way!  In the morning I need all the coffee caffeine boost I can handle, but you are right, I need to unwind with a good wine.  It's usually cabernet sauvignon.", "EXCELLENT! Cabernet Sauvignon is my favorite as well, especially for relaxing in the night. About the only time I drink white wine is during dinner if I'm eating fish and chicken dishes. I'm hear you on the coffee. Best way to get energy in the morning. For coffee are you a cream and sugar person or do you like it black, or something else?", "I would pretend to be macho and go all black, but I can't get enough of my sweeteners. It's usually 2/3s coffee and 1/3s cream (any flavor will do).  What about you?", "Yep, about the same. The cream adds to the smoothness, and then just the right amount of sugar to give it that little extra boost! How many cups of coffee do you drink a day? I imagine as a coach you need to stay alert to manage all the sporting details, and the caffeine must help with staying alert.", "I am almost afraid to go there!  I have a couple in the morning as a pick-me-up.  Then probably a couple more.  I traded one vice for another, but I find that this is less disgusting than when I chewed tobacco!  ", "Ha ha! Not me, I just do the one cup of coffee in the morning. Funny you mention chewing tobacco. I tried that once and it gave me a buzz, but not the good kind of \"alert\" buzz that coffee gives. In fact I felt sick afterwards. Glad you switched to coffee. You and I have a lot in common in terms of drinks!"], "history_conv": [["Good evening! Wine in hand, perfect way to end the day.", "My cats and I both love a nice glass of wine!", "Lovely! However I much rather have coffee. You?", "Oh yea, but not at this hour. I have a hard time sleeping.", "True. That is why wine is way to go, right? Do you like baseball?", "I would rather spend time with animals than people.", "Do you have pet? I have 5 children and that is more then enough. All boys", "That is a lot. I have a bunch of cats and we like bird watching", "Do you have any birds then?", "No, we look out of the windows. I think the birds are attracted to my bright hair.", "My boys like birds too. They point to them a lot during baseball practice.", "I'm a big activist when it comes to animals so they are important to me", "That is great! We love animals just no room in our house or our minivan.", "Does your family do anything for the holidays?", "It depend if the boys has a game or not. I coach their team. You?", "I hate the holidays. I always get depressed around them."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My parents were athletic. My parents played baseball and basketball. I love to run.", "I like coffee. I try to eat well.", "I had cancer that made it impossible for me to have kids."], "partner_persona": ["My team won today. I coach kids.", "I like coffee and wine.", "I have a mini van.", "I have five boys. My last son has just gone to college."], "current_conv": ["So when's the next game planned for, are you thinking you'll get another win?", "The next game is next Tuesday if the weather permits.", "Do you have a backup plan for what to do in case it rains?", "If it rains we will reschedule the game for later in the week. ", "What do you enjoy most about coaching your team?", "What I enjoy most is seeing the kids happy.", "That sounds rewarding. What is a typical week of coaching like? Does it take much time?", "I have to leave work early at least once a week to coach. I enjoy working with the kids and seeing them improve.", "When the pain of my diagnosis is past I might look in to working with kids perhaps tutoring or coaching. Do you have any recommendations on how to approach that?", "I would look online to see if there is currently any positions available in your area.", "I considered this before but I was nervous that I might not be good enough.", "I'm sure you would enjoy it if you gave it a chance and stopped thinking negative."], "history_conv": [["Hi there. How are you", "My team won today with a grand slam in the last inning.", "Nice! Both of my parents were athletic.", "What type of sport? I've coached kids for years.", "One was baseball, the other basketball. Probably why I love to run now.", "Good to be active. Would you like some coffee?", "Coffee is great with anything. I live on it", "Me too and a little wine at night does not hurt.", "Haha agreed! Or a lot. Either way. I try to eat well though", "Me too. Should I trade my mini van in for a sports car.", "Yes. Who doesn't love a sports car.", "Sending the last of my five boys off to college. Time to switch up.", "Wow. And you survived. Kudos to you.", "Thank you. Any kids for you?", "No, I had cancer that makes it impossible for me to have kids sadly.", "Thank you. Any kids for you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My girlfriend left me for our lawyer. My girlfriend was cheating on me with our lawyer.", "I'm from this country originally.", "I own a house.", "I make music."], "partner_persona": ["I'm currently pregnant with triplets. I'm married and my husband has a child.", "I'm new to this country. I'm from China.", "I'm a teacher in my neighborhood."], "current_conv": ["When do you think you'll be able to go back to teaching?", "Hopefully soon. I really miss it. How is your music going?", "It's going very well.I wrote a new song last night that I think is going to be a hit. ", "Maybe it will be. You sound very passionate about your art the last time we spoke. What kind of music do you enjoy playing most?", "It really depends on my mood. If I am feeling energetic I like to play punk rock. If I am a little sad I like to play the blues. Do you like American music?", "We don't have a lot of punk rock in China. I like American Jazz. It is very popular in Asia. Do you like Jazz?", "I do like Jazz very much. I just wish I could play it! It is one genre I have not mastered yet. Who are some of your favorite jazz musicians? ", "John Coltrane is my favorite. His music is very beautiful. It makes me wish I could play music. Do your kids play music?", "No not really, they play video games more than anything else. I wish I never bought that PlayStation. John Coltrane is so great. \u201cLove Supreme\u201d makes me cry every time I hear ir", "My husband's child plays lots of video games. I hope my triplets don't do the same. I want to give them piano lessons. Do you think you would ever get your children to play music in the future?", "I don't know. I find that when I try to push them too hard to do something, they react by doing the opposite of what I had intended. I couldn't imagine teachingtriplets piano lessons at the same time! Are you ready For three additional babies?", "They are coming soon and I don't know if I am ready. Six people in one house is a lot. Maybe we will have to hire a nanny. Remind me how many you have?"], "history_conv": [["How is your day? Mine is super duper.", "I'm tired! Expecting in three months. Triplets!", "That's quite the addition all at once. I'm single. My girlfriend ran off.", "It is indeed. Already looking after one step child. Sorry about your ex.", "Yeah she's with our lawyer now", "Sounds serious. I'm busy settling in. Just moved to this country.", "He did more than my taxes. Ha ha. I have kids though they're good.", "I love kids! I teach at a school near my house.", "Welcome to our country. Where are you from originally?", "China. It is a very different society.", "I love my house. Indoors is the way to be. My friend teaches chinese children esl", "Cool. What is the name of your friend?", "Here those beats I'm dropping. Studio is rocking today.", "I do not understand what you are talking about.", "I record music for everyone to enjoy in my studio", "Cool. Are you a recording engineer?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like music. I have poor hearing.", "I have a flower garden. I have seen Britney Spears in concert.", "I drink tea.", "I have a home library. I have a large collection of books."], "partner_persona": ["I'm more into music than books. I like Britney Spears.", "I'm focused on my diet. I don't make tea.", "I own a tanning bed."], "current_conv": ["I bought a new book on Britney Spears to add to my library this morning.", "Oh really! Did you see the documentary on her recently?", "No, but I did see a concert with her. It was so fun but it was really loud. Now I can't hear well. ", "Worth it though if you ask me! She's such a great performer. I've been looking to try some different teas, do you have any recommendations?", "I love black tea. I drink a lot of herbal tea as well. I like it because it doesn't have caffiene. Try camamile.  ", "I will do, thankyou. I've heard that's good before bed and I need all the help I can get for a good night's sleep!", "I find that reading can help one sleep. You can build a home library like I have and read all sorts of books. It will make you sleepy.  ", "Oh that sounds heavenly... a nice comfy bed, a book nook, and a warm cup of tea... I could sleep just thinking about it!", "Now you are making me tired! You could also try listening to music. Some good classical music is very relaxing. "], "history_conv": [["Hello there! Do you fancy a cup of tea? Or perhaps a good book?", "I am more into music and that", "I like music, but I have to have it quite loud because I am somewhat deaf.", "Have you seen britney spears", "I have! I saw her in concert and threw her roses from my garden!", "I am into her music, dieting is what I am focused on", "I've some very good teas. They are low in carbs and good for you.", "The maintenance is high for me though", "I can lend you a book about how to make healthy teas.", "I go use my tanning bed to get tanned", "I have a book on the dangers of skin cancer, do you want to try reading that?", "Oh really but I have no implications", "I've a book for about anything in my home library", "So you have a mini library?", "Oh no. My library is quite extensive.", "Why did you start that hobby?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am moving soon and need help.", "My boyfriend and I have different tastes in decor.", "I do photography.", "I am an elementary school teacher. I teach 4th graders."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like going outside.", "I like the colors red and silver.", "I was a game designer who helped to make starcraft.", "I know how to build robots.", "I am a streamer. I have an active twitch channel."], "current_conv": ["My boyfriend and I have finally moved in, and it went well!", "That is wonderful! Now you need to design your decor. Red and silver look great on wallpaper. ", "I think that might work as well. How about you help me design some kind of gaming theme in my computer room?", "That sounds awesome. They have these wall stickers that you can just stick right on the wall. If your boyfriend doesn't like them you can just take them down. ", "What kind of designs are on the wall stickers? ", "They have gaming topics like a picture of a gaming controller or a mouse or characters from a game. Things like that. ", "Hmm, that's sounds interesting. I wonder if they have any actual game themes like Warzone or something along those lines.", "I don't know about that game in particular, but I know they have some popular games. Look online. If they are in red or silver, even better!", "I'll have to take a look then. You sure do like red and silver. Why do you like those colors so much?!", "Red is just so vibrant and alive. It makes me feel invogated. I just think silver is pretty. ", "So, when you were helping to make Starcraft did you try to include red and silver as dominant colors?", "Yeah, I pretty much use it in everything I do. Every room in my house has that color in it. Does your boyfriend like those colors? "], "history_conv": [["Hi, I am moving in with my boyfriend next week and need help.", "Hello! I wish I could help you, but I do not go outside much.", "Really? Help with decor, his colors brown and gray mine red silver? Help!", "Go with red and silver his colors are awful.", "My thoughts also, he loves my photography maybe I can dedicate a room to him.", "Trust me, I used to be a game designer, I helped make starcraft.", "Okay well said, my students love starcraft.", "Do you have any hobbies? I am working on a robot that looks like me.", "I do photography when I'm not teaching my elementary kids.", "I stream starcraft on my twitch channel, you should show it to your students.", "I have to review and get approval but it should be okay.", "Starcraft is a strategy game, it might help your students learn a thing or two.", "I am game for that, 4th graders and like sponges they take it in.", "Sorry I've to go so sudden, but I got a phone call! See ya!", "Okay, talk with you later!", "See you later, nice meeting you!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like softball.", "I work in an insurance office. I am middle aged.", "My father is in the army.", "My mom hated pumpkins, trees and holidays."], "partner_persona": ["I have cats. I am an animal activist.", "I hate pumpkins. I hate trees. I do not like holidays.", "I am old.", "I want a moon pie.", "I watched the movie Napoleon Dynamite."], "current_conv": ["I just had a crazy encounter with a customer at the insurance office. ", "Well the two go hand and hand.  What happened?", "They started cussing me out because they wrecked their car, how am I responsible?", "You know, I've always said customer service employees are always under paid.  You all deal with too many hostile people.  So did insurance cover any of it or are they just out of luck?", "They are out of luck because I think they had been drinking and driving", "Oh yeah, that's all on them.  Why do people think they can do that these days?  Especially if you live in a big city where there's an Uber on every other street.  It's not worth it.  I'm sure you have a ton of good stories that you share.  I'm sorry they took it out on you.  That's really not fair.", "Yeah well it just made my day more interesting, I did not let it bother me ", "Thick skinned.  good for you!  You planning on playing softball this weekend with your office team?", "Yeah we was planning on a having a game Saturday at the park. ", "That should be fun for you.  I've tried watching many a game, including baseball and it's all a little too slow for me.  I'd rather watch football.  How long have you playing softball?", "I played softball for years as a child, but have only been playing with the office for 8 monthsm", "I'm sure it came back to you pretty fast.  It's good exercise too.  Take it from me, make it a point to stay active....old age will thank you if you do!  Good luck on your game this weekend.  I'll be pulling for you."], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you? You like any sports?", "There's nothing like enjoying the sun and watching birds with my cats.", "Pretty cool, I like softball myself.", "I spend my time as an animal activist.", "That is nice. I am always too busy stuck in an insurance office.", "Your office wouldn't enjoy my rainbow hair! That would wake things up!", "Yes it would! My father would never approve seeing how he is in the army.", "Is it bad that I hate pumpkins and trees? Holidays kill my buzz.", "That is soo funny. But, actually before my mom passed away she hated the same things!", "I might be next. I'm older than dirt.", "I'm still middle aged myself.", "Enjoy it while you can. I need a moon pie.", "I will, but, you must have the munches!", "Watching napoleon dynamite will do that!", "Oh yes, it sure will!", "Kip just got married! Yes"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have had 300 fatal heart attacks.", "I have a bmw. I got arrested for drunk driving. I crashed into a tree. Russians hacked my car and took control of my car.", "I had a cat.", "I went to a zoo."], "partner_persona": ["I have a chronic fear of heights.", "I am a party animal.", "I have cats. I have dogs. I like to stay home.", "I watched a movie called mean girls."], "current_conv": ["How do you make your cats and dogs get along in the same house together?", "I spend time with each one of them and also as a group. They go into time out if they don't behave.", "Oh that's nice.  What kind of dogs do you have?", "I have a lab, a pitbull and a chihuahua. Do you have any pets?", "Oh wow that's awesome yeah, I have one cat.  Do you like dogs or cats more?", "What kind of cat do you have? I like them both equally, they both have their good points.", "My cat is a calico.  I adopter her when she was younger.  Did you adopt all your pets or get them from breeders?", "I love calicos. They are all rescue animals. I don't believe in getting a dog from a breeder. Too much money. ", "I feel the same way.  Adopting is a better way to give back to the animal community.  They all deserve to be loved and they're so gentle and loving.", "Yes, me too. I wish I had a bigger house so I could adapt more animals. ", "That's what I hope to eventually have as well.  Just a big house where I can have 50 cats just running around freely.  I hope to get a dog soon, what kind of dog to you recommend a first time dog owner get?", "Either a lab or pitbull believe it or not. Pitbulls are so sweet."], "history_conv": [["Man I've had a fatal heart attack 300 times, but I'm still alive", "Wow and I thought my life was bad from my chronic fear of heights.", "One time I ate this chinese cookie and a cricket came out my mouth", "You sound just like me, a party animal. Whats your favorite movie?", "I was drivin the bmw, got arrested for drunk driving when I was sober", "That is awful! Any other interesting things?", "I only crashed into the tree because the russians hacked my car and took control of it", "Yeah I try to play it safe and stay home with my cats and dogs.", "Man one time I had a cat and he swallowed another cat whole", "That is insane! Do you give back to your community at all?", "I looked in his mouth one time, it was like another dimension, a blackhole", "You should join me at the food bank, maybe we can find food for your cat", "You don't give to the community, the community gives to you!", "You remind me of the girls in this movie called mean girls. Try to be nice!", "I went to a zoo one time, all the animals were just people dressed in costumes", "That is a very odd thing to see!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am sad. My wife divorced me. My kids live with her.", "I am an atheist."], "partner_persona": ["I like being indoors.", "My ex left me.", "I live in California.", "I have a recording studio.", "I am 46."], "current_conv": ["What part of California are you located in? ", "I am born and raised in Compton California. Do you know where that is?", "Yeah, I know where that is. You still live there then? Is there any reason why you never left?", "I left when I was in college I lived in Georgia. I left but came back.", "Did you go back to California for your work in the recording industry or something else?", "Yes, I have childhood friends who are musicians that live here.", "It's nice that you were able to stay in contact with your friends that long. As we get older and experience so many changes in life, it seems like it can be hard to maintain those relationships at times.", "Yeah it has been a challenge at times but we was always so close", "Did you lose any friends after your ex left you? I know when my wife left we kind of divided the friends between us.", "No, I don't think my friends wanted us together to begin with. ", "Ha! It's easy to forget that the people on the outside of the relationship have a unique perspective. If only we listened to that perspective more often, maybe we wouldn't have gotten into these troublesome relationships to begin with.", "Yes exactly, but it's like your friends keep their opinions to themselves until it's too late"], "history_conv": [["What do you enjoy doing for fun?", "These days I just want to stay inside.", "You sound sad. I am also sad, my wife divorced me and took the kids.", "I feel you. My ex left me with my kids for a lawyer.", "What miserable lives we lead. I should stop spending so much time on facebook.", "If only this market for recording artists in california would turn around!", "I'd pray about it, but I'm an atheist.", "Well maybe atheists can pray for my recording studio!", "Maybe! I bet I'd be happier if I lost weight.", "Well as a 46 year old recording engineer I can relate with that.", "Hopefully things will get better for us soon.", "Fingers crossed. Maybe this year the market will be better than last year.", "Yes, and hopefully we will get to see our kids.", "That would be some good luck for a change!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in college. I want to become a nurse.", "I'm from New Jersey. I have blonde hair and blue eyes. My name is Susie.", "I recently got an apartment with my best friend. My apartment is close to the college I'll be attending and my job.", "I work at a bar in NJ at night to pay for college."], "partner_persona": ["I might go to business school next year. I earned a finance degree at Yale in 2011.", "I'd like to become a wealthy banker. Both of my parents are wealthy bankers. I never had to pay for college since my parents are so wealthy.", "My name is Josie. I'm from Manhattan."], "current_conv": ["I'm loving my new apartment - it's so convenient to everything I do?", "You are very lucky to get such a convenient apartment. How are you finding studying and working? Are you able to get much time for yourself?", "It's rough.  My schedule is horrible this semester and I feel like I have no time to sleep!  Luckily, it's almost over.  Next time, I'll take late morning/early afternoon classes.  That way I can study before work and sleep in after work.  Thanks for the lead on the apartment!  I don't think I could have found anything as good and as cheap.  I was starting to worry about being homeless!", "You're welcome. It does sound rough although you have all my respect for what you are managing. Do you have any plans for the time between semesters? It sounds like you deserve a break!", "I'd love a break but I'm going to stay on at the bar, picking up as many extra shifts as possible for more money.  When I'm not working I'm going to see if I can intern or maybe do volunteer work at the nearby hospital.  Figure it can't hurt when finding a nursing job.  Have you decided if you're going back to school yet?  If so, I know a great apartment that has your name on it!", "I have sent my application in so fingers crossed. Would that be an apartment near the nursing college? Is your friend moving out next year?", "She is.  She's graduating early and will be moving out this summer.  So if you're interested, it's yours!  And I'm hardly there so it would be almost like your own place.  Sound promising or should I think about advertising for a roomie soon?", "I am interested! This would be amazing and I couldn't ask for a better flatmate. It would be interesting to see the apartment again too. I find out about my application early next month so I can confirm it then. Are you OK to hold on advertising until then?", "Absolutely.  Any time you want to see the place, just let me know.  If I'm not around, my roommate might.  Afterwards, I could should you around and point out all the best places to eat.  Do you Thai or pizza?  I found the best restaurants and both offer delivery. It's the absolute best for late night studying!", "I don't need to the see apartment but it would great to meet up. I'm next weekend if you have time. Which food do I like the best? I love Thai food, it's so full of flavors although I have to confess I do order quite a few pizzas! New York is amazing for deliveries. Everything is so convenient. ", "I know right?!  We just discovered a late night cookie delivery business!  They will also bring you milk and ice cream.  I don't know why anyone would not want to live here or in NY.  What about music?  Do you like going to live shows?  If so, the bar where I work, has live performances every Sat night and there's another great place that has live music every night.", "Cookie delivery! What more could you ask for. I do like live music. Do you want to catch a performance next week? I'm wondering if you'd prefer to go somewhere other than your work bar! What do you think? Are there any good nights coming up?"], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon, how are you doing today?", "Doing great! Just looking into business school for next year. How are you?", "I'm awesome. I'm in college. I want to become a nurse", "That's a noble line of work. In 2011 I earned a degree at yale, in finance.", "Finance is an awesome career. What are you looking to do?", "I'd like to become a wealthy banker like both of my parents", "That is awesome. So what is your name?", "Josie, I'm from manhattan, I grew up there. Where are you from?", "I'm from new jersey. I'm a blonde hair blue eyed gal name suzie.", "Nice to meet you suzie", "Nice to meet you josie. I recently got an apartment out there with my best friend", "How nice! Is it close to the college you'll be attending?", "Yes and where I work as well.", "What do you do, and do you enjoy your work?", "I work at a bar in nj at night to pay for college", "I never had to pay for college, since my parents are so wealthy. That must be hard.", "Of course it is hard but I love it. You got it made", "It was nice meeting you. Very best wishes."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I recently broke my arm. I'm typing with one hand.", "I like skateboarding videos. I watch Rob Dryden. I'm a model for skateboard magazines.", "I wear hats.", "I like metal and jazz music more than country.", "My father is an electrician on an island in California.", "I want to live on an island. I like cows."], "partner_persona": ["I like country music.", "I work with my mom on a farm.", "I used to be an electrician. I wish I was a model. I'm too old to be a model.", "I am pretty. I am poor."], "current_conv": ["I spoke with my agent about getting you in on my next photo shoot.", "Oh my gosh, did you really? Wow! I really appreciate that. What did they say? ", "They said they're having trouble finding reliable models with a more mature look, and would be happy to give you a shot at the shoot. ", "So they don't think I'm too old? That is amazing news. This is a dream come true for me! I'm so excited! I cannot thank you enough. ", "Not at all - the industry is a little saturated with shallow 20-somethings that all look the same, so there is a certain niche that they're trying to fill in order to appeal to the older crowd. And it's no problem - I'm just the middleman! Ultimately the credit is yours. I'm sure you'll do great. ", "Okay, I see. Well, I guess I'm in luck then. Here I always thought that I was too old to model and now I learn that they actually want people that look older. Amazing. Has your agent found any new jobs for you lately? ", "A common misconception - many clothing companies, for example, that have older demographics use models within that age group in order to better promote their clothes. A lot of people can do it, just a matter of finding those opportunities that exist. But anyway - my agent has arranged for a photoshoot to help promote the new Tony Hawk game! I'm super pumped. ", "You should be pumped! That sounds like a really cool opportunity! Do you get to do that soon? ", "It's in Los Angeles in about two weeks from now. Cast should be off before then. It'll be nice to visit my dad while I'm there, too; I haven't seen him in a while. ", "How's your dad doing? Gosh, I haven't seen him in forever! I'm sure it'll be really nice to visit him. Will you do any sightseeing? ", "He's doing well, still being strange and living on an island which means everything is as it should be with him, haha. I plan to visit the Yosemite National Park. I'm hoping my dad will want to tag along for that. ", "I visited Yosemite with my family many, many years ago. It was absolutely gorgeous and we saw a lot of cool animals. You better go! Can't wait to hear all about it. "], "history_conv": [["Hi. It is hard to type with one hand. I broke my arm.", "Hi how are you doing my friend I am fine thanks to god.", "I am okay. Watching old videos of rob dryden, a skateboarder.", "Oh I am so sorry take your time I am patient. Feel better.", "Thank you. It helps when I wear a hat, I don't know why.", "I am going to listen to music country music I like.", "I prefer metal. Or jazz.", "As long as you feel better. I work with my mom in a farm.", "What kind of farm? I model for skater magazines.", "I worked also doing electrician jobs miss that.", "My father is an electrician, currently on san nicholas island in california.", "That is so cool I wished I was a model to old now.", "No, you aren't. Models are any age these days.", "That sounds very interesting islands are so cool. Great for getting a cow.", "Islands are awesome. I want to live on one. I like cows", "I wished I could I am very pretty but poor I hate to say."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in construction and am sent many locations.", "I like Aerosmith and country music.", "I attend Nascar races."], "partner_persona": ["I have a cow named Bessie.", "I drive a large pickup truck.", "I work at my mom and dad's farm. I'm adventurous.", "Country is my favorite music.", "I like Nascar."], "current_conv": ["I saw that Nascar race yesterday and it was great! ", "Oh, cool! Were you there in person or did you watch on TV?", "No, had to catch the race on TV.  Was out of town for my job.  Did you watch it?", "I didn't get the chance. The wind storm knocked down a branch that broke our fence, and Bessie got out!", "Oh my! Did you get her back?", "We did, but I was worried about her for a while there! Turns out she was just hanging out with the cows from the farm across the street from the outside of their fence. ", "That's funny.  She just wanted company during the storm.  What about your fence, did you get it fixed?", "It's good enough for now, it just looks a bit messy. I'm going to have to properly fix it tomorrow. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, I'm just finishing my mexican food. I apologize for my rudeness.", "No worries. I'm listening to some country music with my cow bessie", "Oh I would love to see your cow", "I drive a large pickup so I could haul her to where you live to show you", "That's sweet of you to offer! I work in construction and get sent many places.", "I just stay at home working on mom and dads farm so I'd like an adventure", "Well, we can meet up. Tell me when!", "I'll have to check with my parents but maybe next thursday", "That sounds wonderful! What is your favorite music?", "Country all the way! Its all I listen to. You?", "Well, I'm a big aerosmith fan, but I also like country.", "Aerosmith is not bad but I love country so much", "Me too. They play it at the nascar races that I attend.", "I am a nascar fan too!", "We are going to get along well!", "Yes I definitely think we will"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is George.", "I work with bees. My farm is near New York.", "I am not close with my family. I have a wife from Italy that's a model.", "My favorite fruit is papaya."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Nancy.", "I'm in school. I am the youngest in my family and spoiled. I have 4 siblings.", "I have a dog.", "I am visiting the bee farm."], "current_conv": ["How's your dog doing Nancy? ", "He's doing OK. After a couple of days of resting and generally looking a bit forlorn he's bounced back to his normal self. Most importantly. his wet nose has returned. A dog with a dry nose is not a happy dog. ", "That's wonderful news. I'm glad he's back to his usual self. How was the bee farm?", "Very interesting. I never knew bees were so fascinating. They had hives with glass backs that were illuminated under special lights so we can look in see what was happening. There so much going on inside. Also I learned just how much work it takes to make honey! So many trips by the bee to make just a small amount of honey. I think they have caught my interest!", "Nice! That's really cool that they designed the hives like that. I wonder how it looks at night. Thanks for the idea, I may have to configure some of my own hives that way too! But yes, bees are very fascinating and such hard workers, as odd as that may sound. ", "Do you do bee rescues for people with bees nesting on their properties?", "Sometimes! In a rural setting, there's not too many neighbors for it to happen very often. But generally once or twice a year they seem to start nesting in a place they shouldn't be. I don't mind removing them for free. Saves some bees and adds to my colony. ", "I've watched some videos about this after my farm visit and I've some questions. How do get most of the bees into the transport hives before moving them? What happens to the bees that get left behind, do they die or can they join another hive near by? I feel really sorry for any bees that get left behind. Imagine coming back to find your whole community has moved. As you can see I am starting to fall in love with bees!!", "It helps to having a non-lethal freezing compound that kind of keeps them in place when removing and transporting the hives. We try not to leave any behind, but inevitably some do. Those bees tend to attempt a rebuild of the hive, generally in the same vicinity. Bees are oddly territorial so it is unlikely that they stand any chance besides that. But yeah that would be odd, it would be like the apocalypse for bees. And no doubt - bees are amazing critters!", "It never occurred to me that they would rebuild a hive. Can they do that without a queen? I've heard of hives that have lost their queens but never quite understood what the consequences of that would be. Does it mean the hive can't produce any new bees?", "They can, yes. It's sort of a little makeshift mini-hive, not really a full-blown hive. It helps when people follow-up that way we can come back later on to collect the stragglers. And it means exactly that - the Queen is responsible for laying larva, but an already-established colony of bees can technically sustain itself for a period of time, of course just until they reach the end of their lifespans. ", "I see, so if a hive is rebuilt in the same location then you can be confident they were from the original hive and collect them to be rejoin their friends. That never occurred to me. The bees certainly seem to be very resilient. How did you first get in to caring for bees?"], "history_conv": [["Hi I'm george how are you?", "Good I'm nancy. I'm enjoying the afternoon.", "It is a very nice day for bee farming.", "Oh yes. You are working on bee? How nice?", "Yes I work with bees. Do you work?", "I am still in school. I am the youngest and everyone spoils me.", "That must be nice. I do not have a lot of family that I am close with.", "I've four siblings. Maybe we can all visit your bee farm.", "I just have a wife, she is from italy and is a model.", "She must be very beautiful.", "I think so. She got me into eating papaya. It is my favorite.", "Papaya sounds so tropical. Where is your farm exactly?", "It is up north near new york.", "I would love to come over. Can I bring my dog?", "Yes dogs are more than welcome at the bee farm.", "Great let us set a date and I will make a visit."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog. I will take the dog to softball practice.", "I work with a naturopath.", "My dad plays tennis. My dad serves in the military and is currently serving in Iraq."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog.", "My legs were sore from walking.", "I am married. My husband is a doctor.", "I play tennis.", "I live in a three-story house. My husband pays all of the house bills."], "current_conv": ["I was talking to the naturopath at work and he said that there's a new petition for doctors to start to use more body-healing techniques than medicines.", "That is very interesting. Medicines can have a lot of side effects and so natural healing might be a good alternative", "For sure! Medicines make me sick sometimes so body-healing is a good choice for me.", "This might have been a good choice for when my legs hurt form walking. My wife said I should research more natural healing methods", "That would have been a good idea! Have you competed in any tennis competitions recently?", "No, I have been taking a break as it is getting to be a bit much with my schedule. We are training our dog right now so I am focused on that at the moment", "Ah that makes sense. What new tricks have you taught your dog?", "Sit, stay, heel...go to a place and wait. Down...he will stay in a place for 30 minutes", "That's awesome! I wish my dog was as obedient as yours... I can teach him sit and stay but they last for only a few seconds at a time!", "One thing I learned is that you have to be the pack leader...have you ever watched the Dog Whisperer with Cesar Milan? It is on Netflix...I learned a lot just by watching that show", "I've heard about the show but I've never seen it. I'll definitely check it out if it'll help me train my dog! He loves to pee on carpets and it gets very frustrating", "Ohh yes, give that a watch...will change your life with your dog...is your dad back form Iraq yet?? "], "history_conv": [["Hi there how is your sunday?", "Pretty good, I took my dog on a long walk this morning!", "Did that yesterday. Today I ll take mine to softball practice and play fetch", "Cool, when I got back from my walk my legs were so sore", "Put arnica on them. My new job is with a naturopath they use that all the time", "I have never heard of a naturopath, but my husband is a doctor", "Trying to have body heal itself. Wish medical insurance covered it.", "I'm a tennis player, and if I ever get injured, my husband helps me", "My dad plays when he can though its hard to play in iraq", "Wow, you live in iraq?", "No my dad is serving there as a major. He joined military when I was a child", "Cool, with all the money my husband makes, I live in a 3 story house.", "Does it cost a lot to heat and cool?", "I don't believe so, but my husband pays all the bills so I wouldn't know"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I want to be a physical therapist. I'm preparing for a 5K.", "I'm a student."], "partner_persona": ["I survived cancer. I am a healthy eater.", "I love to run. I am preparing for a marathon.", "I just got a new job as a life coach."], "current_conv": ["Hows the marathon training coming? How about the new job>", "Its going well although i don't like running in this heat , how is school going?", "It's going well. I can't wait to be finished though. Is it always hot where you live?", "when are you finished with school? The weather here is unpredictable in the spring", "I finish in June and then I am off until September. I can't wait until I graduate and can be a physical therapist. Speaking of jobs, how is being a life coach?", "I love it! I really enjoy helping people achieve their goals. I think that being a physical therapist would be very rewarding as well. What made you chose physical therapy as your career choice?", "It sounds like it would be a nice job! I chose physical therapy because I also like helping people and I like helping people to regain their ability to move and go out and enjoy life.  How is your healthy eating going?", "Really well , I am passionate about eating healthy , I believe it helped me to overcome Cancer. How is your 5k prep coming along?", "Thats great! It sounds like your a really positive person and it helped you succeed alot. It's going quite well although I wish I was making quicker progress. I can't even imagine running a marathon though! Was it hard to get used to running for so long?", "It was hard at fast but I developed a mantra in my head to keep me pushing forwards when i wanted to quit, after a while of doing that it got easier. Have you tried using a mantra?", "I'll look into it. I usually just listen to music while I run but eventually I get tired of that. Do you have any ideas for a mantra?", "The one I used was \"Not dead , cant quit\" but i think it's important to find one that fits with you. What type of music do you like to listen to when you run?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, tell me about yourself!", "I have survived cancer and eat clean", "Oh my goodness, good for you! Are you active?", "Yes. I am preparing for a marathon and love to run", "Me too! I aspire to become a physical therapist and run a 5k!", "Awesome. I just started a new job as a life coach", "That is great! I get straight as so maybe you could coach me in social skills.", "For sure. What else do you like?", "School keeps me pretty busy, what about you?", "Spending a lot of time running and getting resources for my new job", "Do you like your new job so far?", "Yes, I really hope to help people", "Me too, we should be friends!", "Sounds fun, it would be a great idea", "Well, I have to go train for my marathon. Nice talking with you!", "Nice talking to you, too!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Gary.", "I have a wife and 3 kids. My kids are triplets aged 6.", "I like chocolate ice-cream.", "I am a plumber."], "partner_persona": ["I am in the sky.", "I have powers.", "I am 5."], "current_conv": ["Me and my family went to the park and had some icecream.", "What flavors did you all get? I could go for some ice cream right now!", "I had chocolate. My wife got vanilla. The girls all got strawberry. It was delicious.", "You guys aren't very adventurous with your ice cream! I love cookies and cream, rocky road, and anything with fudge on top! ", "We are boring, aren't we?!?! Have you tried the new ice cream shop on Main Street? They have home made fudge that is pretty good.", "I have not. I will utilize my powers to beam some up right now and let you know what I think.", "The park was really relaxing yesterday. It rejuvenated me for the work week.", "That's great! You need an outlet to release the stress and be recharged for the week. What did you do at the park?", "We tossed a frisbee and the girls went on the swings. The weather was beautiful.", "That sounds lovely! What a day of family fun!", "It sure was. It was a weekend for the books. One to remember.", "I did not do anything noteworthy. You are inspiring me to get some fun plans in the works."], "history_conv": [["This is gary. Heading to the park soon with my family.", "Will you come in the sky to see me? This tiny gal needs some company!", "In the sky? I've the greatest family. My wife and 3 kids.", "Yes, I live amongst the white fluffs! I'm just a kid and lonesome.", "I'm sorry. Do you like icecream? I like chocolate icecream.", "Yummy! I can churn up some for you, because I have powers. Big powers!", "That's awesome. I have no powers. Just to unclog drains.", "Well, at least you can live on earth. I'm up here.", "I know. Are you amongst angels?", "Just the cloud. Sometimes I see angels.", "Wow. Did you have a family?", "Just mamma cloud and pappa cloud. That is my family.", "Oh I get it. You are a cloud. I have never spoken to a cloud. Before.", "No, I am not. I live there. And you are a plumber.", "I am. How old are you? My kids are all 6. Triplets.", "Just a little one. I am 5."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a restaurant. I am a motorcycle racer.  I love racing more.", "I have brown hair.", "I hate the color orange as well.", "I like reading."], "partner_persona": ["I hate the color orange.", "I work at a bookshop. I like to read books about dogs.", "I major in Chemistry."], "current_conv": ["Things have been hectic recently at the restaurant, I haven't had time for the motorcycle.", "How long have you been riding?", "I've been riding motor bikes since my teens. I started riding off road riding motor cross and that's were my competitive edge for racing started.", "Oh that's cool, do you join competitions then? The bookstore was really busy yesterday, but not so much today.", "Sometimes I ride competitions like time trials but mostly it is straight head to head racing. I remember the last time we spoke you were very creative with rhymes! How do you spend the time when the shop is quiet? ", "Oh I see, do you have a race coming up then? When it's quiet I usually read some of the dog books or brush up on the sciences.", "My next race is next month! I've been working on my bike to get it to max performance. There's a lot of tuning and checking to do. I love dogs! Can you recommend any dog books for me to read?", "Good luck! I bet it takes a lot to repair your bike, do you do it yourself? \"Dog Years: A memoir\" is truly an amazing book to read", "Yes, I've been obsessed with bikes ever since I started riding them. Bikes are my passion. The restaurant is just a means to riding my bikes. Dog Years, is that the book by Mark Doty? My friend also recommended that to me. Maybe I should read it!", "Oh that's nice, I guess books are my passion, although you seem to be much more passionate about biking. Yes, that's the author. You should definitely read it, it helps you better understand how to care for a dog", "Have you got a copy in stock?", "Yes, two in fact. It's quite popular"], "history_conv": [["I just finished lunch shift at the restaurant. Made decent money today.", "That must be cool, you wait tables?", "I do. I also race motorcycles, but I need to supplement that income.", "Wow which one do you like more?", "Racing. I've a red and blue helmet that matches my brown hair.", "Sweet I love those colors. I hate orange though", "Yeah, orange is no good and it doesn't rhyme with anything.", "I wish door hinge counted as a rhyme with orange", "That's pretty good! I never thought about that one.", "Well I don't know if it counts I only work at a book shop", "That makes you all the better with words. What do you like to read?", "I read dog books a lot. Mine competes", "I could come get some book suggestions from you and read at night.", "You like to read at night?", "It is the only time of day I'm not racing or at the restaurant.", "Wow you work there a lot. I studied chemistry in college"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am expecting my first baby. I've been watching a lot of movies.", "I'm 25. I'm nervous, I just got a new job as a PA..", "I read at least one book a week. A Clockwork Orange is my favorite book."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Dirk. I do not have children.", "I live in the US. I have a girlfriend.", "I have not read any books lately.", "I love movies, my favorite is Forrest Gump."], "current_conv": ["I found a new book you may be interested in.", "What is it? I watched the Star Wars series again, have you seen them all?", "The book is called The Fault in Our Stars; it's a little similar to Forrest Gump in that it has a universal message about love. It sounded like your kind of book.", "Sounds interesting. Have you gotten an ultrasound?", "I have had an ultrasound just once. ", "Cool. My girlfriend thinks it's almost time for us to have a little one.", "That's amazing! I guess you won't have too much time to read books, then. And the subject of the story is probably a little depressing for such a happy time in your life.", "You would know, have you had time to read a lot? Soon you'll need some baby books. Have you gotten the nursery ready?", "Well, I don't know if I'll be able to read as much as I currently do. Yes, we're working on designing the nursery.", "The audio books are good, you can do things while you listen. I put some on my phone.", "Yes. I think there is also an audio book version of the book I recommended to you. ", "I'll be sure to look for it. Let me know when you get a theme for the nursery so I can send a little something to you."], "history_conv": [["Hey there, what is your name?", "Dirk. I hope you are having a great evening", "Not so bad, you too. You have any children?", "I do not have children", "I am expecting my first baby, so right now I have been watching a lot of movies.", "Good luck at such a young age. God bless you", "I'm 25. I'm nervous though, I just got a new job. I'm a pa", "You'll be alright. Good luck", "Thank you. Tell me something about yourself.", "I live in us and love my girlfriend. What do you do for fun?", "That is cute. I read at least one book a week, you?", "I have not read a book in at least a month. What is your favorite book?", "A clockwork orange is my favorite. Do you like movies?", "I love movies. A clockwork orange is a little too violent for my taste. My favorite is forrest gump", "That's less violent indeed", "A little violent but has a universal message. Would you agree"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have two rescue dogs. I have a German Shepherd and a Lab.", "I like to go to the gym. My favorite exercise machines are the treadmill and the rowing machine.", "I like to cook. I eat when I'm bored.", "I like watching movies.", "I am a man.", "I donate my hair to Locks of Love.", "I am afraid of spiders."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals. I have a dog and a cat.", "I like to party and watch movies.", "My favorite movies are comedies. Mean Girl is my favorite movie.", "I volunteer at the food bank.", "I am afraid of heights."], "current_conv": ["When do you volunteer at the food pantry? Do you think they could use some more help?", "I volunteer at the foodbanks on Tuesdays and the weekend. We are always looking for helping hands.", "Would it be cool if I joined you sometime? and you're scared of heights? So I assume rollercoasters are not your thing?", "Yeah you should definitely join sometime! Yes i am scared of heights but rollercoasters are my exception because it gives me a good thrill. You mentioned you like to cook, what is your favorite dish to prepare? ", "Great, Mind if I join you Saturday then? Oh that's a surprise, my sisters scared of heights and hates rollercoasters. I love preparing any time of pasta, especially linguine", "Of course you can join Saturday. I enjoy roller coasters because i am trying to get over my fear so its just one step at a time. I love pasta as well im actually opening a restaurant that will several kinds of pasta. ", "Great! And wow, that's amazing, very few people try to conquer their fears, I certainly would never try. Oh that's so cool, what's your favourite dish?", "My favorite dish is a family recipe with a creamy sauce similar to alfredo but not alfredo. Add some chicken to that and your favorite pasta and its heaven in a dish. What is your favorite movie?", "That sound amazing! Not going to lie, I love 21 Jump street and Oceans 8", "Those are some of my favorite movies great cast and hilarious scripts.", "Yeah, great comedy and jam-packed with action. Do you have any allergies? Scallops and pasta go great together", "I am allergic to some fruits such as apples, pears, and pineapples. Those fruits give me a rash and make my gums burn, I have never tried Scallops and pasta might have to find a recipe some day. How often do you donate your hair? "], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you doing on this fine sunday afternoon?", "I'm good. How are you?", "Great, just got back from the gym and just relaxing with my dogs.", "Dogs?!?! I love animals!!! I have a dog and a cat.", "I've two dogs myself. A german shepherd and a lab, both rescues", "Wow, that is great! What do you do for fun?", "I like going to the gym, love the treadmill and rowing machine", "Do you ever party? My hobbies are partying and watching movies.", "I don't party much, but like to cook and eat when I get bored", "I eat sometimes when I'm bored too. Do you like watching movies?", "Yes, my dogs like it as well, especially action and comedy", "I love comedy the best! Kind of ashamed to admit that mean girls is my fave!", "I'm a guy and I like that movie as well", "Do you do any community service? I volunteer at the food bank sometimes.", "I donate to locks of love if that counts", "That is great! Ok, now another random question what is your biggest fear?", "Spiders... I absolutely hate and fear them", "My biggest fear is heights"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an elementary school teachers. I like my job.", "My favorite band is Up. I love music. I have been to one concert.", "I love the beach. I am planning a vacation to the beach.", "I love board games."], "partner_persona": ["I sell cars for a living. I do not like my job.", "I love music. I have a wife. I am planning on getting a divorce.", "I am forty years old.", "Monopoly is my favorite board game.", "I love reality TV shows. My favorite reality show is Housewives of New Jersey."], "current_conv": ["I am enjoying planning my beach vacation. ", "Sounds fun! Which beach are you headed to?", "I'm planning on going to Ft. Lauderdale.", "I love florida! I used to sell cars there a while ago. What's your favourite part about the beach?", "It's just so relaxing.  You can forget about all your troubles there.  Where in Florida did you sell cars?", "I sold cars in Miami. Even though I don't particularly like selling cars, it was a blast seeing so many expensive supercars.", "I bet you saw a ton of expensive cars in Miami.  Miami was the other place I was thinking of going to.", "Miami beach is also a good choice aside from Ft. Lauderdale! Although it can get very crowded sometimes if you're not comfortable with that.", "Yeah I don't really like crowds very much.  Especially on vacation.", "Yeah that makes sense, I don't either. My wife loves crowds, we're very different people. I still love her sometimes but I feel like the divorce thing would be a good idea.", "You probably will always love her.  But unfortunately some people just grow apart.  You have to do what's best for you.", "Yes you're right, thank you for that. Anyway did anything interesting happen at the elementary school?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you work? I teach in elementary school", "I sell cars and I can not stand it. Do you like what you do?", "Love it! But enjoy music more. Up is my favorite band do you like music", "I do, but no money for tickets because my wife over spends.", "Oh dear I've only been to one concert. Do you get vacations?", "I do, but using my money to get a divorce. Planning a vacation?", "To the beach just love beaches. Maybe you can treat yourself after the divorce!", "Are you single? I happen to be a good looking and 40. We could go.", "Sounds fun! I also love board games would you be up for that?", "Absolutely! Monopoly is my favorite. Have any other hobbies?", "Monopoly on the beach perfect! Not really, do you if you can afford them!", "I've a guilty pleasure... Reality television shows.", "Ha ha do you have a favourite?", "Housewives of new jersey. Remind me of my ridiculous, materialistic wife."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am single. I am in my thirties.", "I love bubble baths. I like to read.", "I have two huskies. My dogs are named Venice and Milan."], "partner_persona": ["I am a beekeeper. My wife is a supermodel. My wife is from Italy.", "My name is George.", "I like papaya.", "I am not close to my family.", "I keep Italian honeybees."], "current_conv": ["My huskies have an appointment with the groomer this weekend. The weather is warming up, so it's time for a haircut.", "I agree.  Do u", "Do you have any kids?", "Yes, my wife and I have two boys.  Ben is five and Cam is eight.  Do you like honey?", "Yes, I love honey with tea. Do you ever think about getting a dog?", "I'll send you some fresh honey from my hives.  No dogs for us, my wife is allergic to dogs and cats.  She is my supermodel boss!", "Oh that's so kind, thank you! Ahaha, right wives are definitely the boss. At least you have kids to keep you busy. The weathers nice so you can probably take you family to the park!", "True, my wife works a lot and am a stay at home dad.  Do you like to read while taking your bubble baths?", "Wow, you're life seems less stressful than mine. I'm a realtor agent, so my schedule is always busy. Yes, definitely, reading and bubble baths help me relax.", "A realtor, wow the market is so hot right now.  I bet you are super busy.  Maybe I can bring the boys over to see your dogs, since Sue is traveling all week.  What do you think?", "Yeah, the markets been crazy. That's fine by me! I'm sure my boys would love to meet your boys. Perhaps after their haircut over the weekend?", "Yes, I think the four of them will get along great.  I'll bring the honey back and then maybe we can go out for an early lunch at that new restaurant near your house?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "I am very well! Just finished tending to my bees with my wife.", "I wish I wasn't single, but at least I have my two dogs!", "I was single for a long time. Just married to super model from italy.", "Wow! I guess I am only in my thirties so I've time.", "I won't disclose my age but george is the name. Old name equals older.", "I've an old soul. Love bubble baths with a good book.", "Hold onto that! I will take my bees, wife and papaya. All of my favorites!", "It is good to have hobbies. I would probably drink alcohol if not.", "I'm not close with any other family and they are all that I've.", "Well it sounds like you are doing well. Especially with supermodel wife.", "I'm not complaining. Italy is awesome!", "My dogs are actually named after italian cities. Venice and milan.", "What type of dogs do you have?", "Two huskies. They're perfect. What kind of bees do you tend?", "The italian honey bee is what I'm doing now."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a pro wrestler.", "I volunteer at the Homeless shelter.", "I am an extrovert."], "partner_persona": ["I am the homecoming queen.", "I want to study physical therapy. I am a senior in high school. I want to go to college.", "I volunteer at the animal shelter. I have volunteered with Habitat for Humanity.", "I am an introvert. I do not have a lot of friends."], "current_conv": ["I saw that there is a small animal shelter opening up in the next town. Do you think you'd be interested in volunteering there? They need people to take care of some kittens. ", "when do you think they would need help?  I am pretty swamped at the shelter I currently work at.  Not to mention I am trying to get into college.", "Yeah, you sound pretty busy. How come you don't have many friends? Because you're too busy?", "Well, I don't get out much.  It's hard for me to interact well, especially face to face.  I assume you don't have that problem, especially in your profession?", "No, it's obligatory for me to like people, with my job. Have you ever seen professional wrestling?", "Oh yes.  I love the bravado and flair you guys have in the ring.  I am envious of your ability to interact with so many people.  Does it hurt?", "It hurts, but it's worth the money. What do YOU want to do for a living?", "Well it's kind of a coincidence, but I want to be a physical therapist.  Do you guys have a lot of them backstage?", "Plenty of them. One of my best friends is a physical therapist, actually.", "Awesome.  That is what I am going to college for.  Maybe, when I graduate, I can use you as a reference?", "Sure. Text me. Have you graduated high school yet?", "I will this May.  Top 10!  I will start school this summer to get a head start"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you? I just got home from volunteer work.", "I'm doing well, thank you. I'm the homecoming queen!", "Congratulations! I am a pro wrestler.", "They still do that? Weird.", "Yes. It is quite fun, and a great way to stay in shape.", "I am going to study physical therapy, maybe I'll work with you.", "Perhaps! I do work out multiple times a week.", "I'm a senior in high school, hopefully I will get a scholarship.", "That's awesome. I encourage you to get into volunteering.", "I already do volunteer at the animal shelter.", "That is awesome. I spend a lot of time at the homeless shelter.", "I volunteered with habitat for humanity last spring.", "I really find that being around so many people helps me.", "I do not care for large groups of people.", "I love it, and why I spend so much time at the gym and shelter.", "I'm kind of a nerd. Not very popular."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a cat.", "My age is 34. I have rainbow hair.", "I love animals with grey hair.", "I do not have any children."], "partner_persona": ["I have grey hair.", "The place I live allows pets.", "I am in jail because of stealing a cat from the pet store and I have one month left."], "current_conv": ["My cat just did the funniest thing!", "What did your cat do?", "So my cat likes to jump from counter to counter. Well, I had a visitor who was helping me redecorate and was standing in front of the counter. My cat jumped right on her!  She freaked out, but I just died laughing.", "Haha that is funny, he's mischevous. What color is he?", "I'd say he's mostly blue and grey. It's a really pretty color though.  I wish you could come over and see him.  When do you get out of jail again?", "Oh so you have your favorite colored animal as a pet, nice. I'll probably get out on good behavior in the next month.", "I can't wait.  You know we can work at getting you a cat when you come out.  I know you have a good heart and want to help all cats, but let's start at the humane society when you get out!", "Yes, that is probably a good idea, atleast they will want me to save a cat unlike the pet store.", "I know and it broke my heart when I heard it, but I'm so glad you will be out soon.  What do you miss the most since you've been in jail?", "I miss good food the most, a home cooked meal will be very welcomed. The food in here is terrible.", "I hope to never try it, no offense.  I will fix you something special when you are released.  Has someone been taking care of your mail since you were out?", "No offense taken. Thank you I'm excited to try that. No one is taking care of my mail, I have a PO box which is probably very full."], "history_conv": [["I'm sitting on my couch watching my cat look at birds outside.", "Good afternoon, that sounds fun. How old are you?", "I'm 34, but you wouldn't tell by looking at my rainbow hair colors.", "I like rainbow hair. I have a lot more grey hair.", "Grey is great though! I love animals with grey hair too.", "They will let me have animals where I am.", "You should get all of the animals you have time for!", "At least it is easier than kids! Do you have kids?", "No kids. I think of animals as my children. I help out when I can.", "That's good. I stole a cat from a pet store.", "Funny! I'm not even mad. That is awesome! How?", "I grabbed the cat and run out of the store. I paid the price.", "You didn't get caught did you?", "I did get caught and I paid the price.", "What price did you pay?", "I got time in the slammer. I am out in a month."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have two dogs: a Lab mix and a Collie mix. I like dogs more than people.", "I'm a single woman. I do not have a job. I'm not a mechanic.", "I like wine. I like bubble baths. I drink wine in the bubble bath.", "I am 30 years old."], "partner_persona": ["I have two dogs. One is Springer Spaniel and the other a Lab. I rescued them both.", "I work as a mechanic. I have fun as a mechanic.", "I am a single man. I do not like being alone. I am 35 years old. I like to go to bars sometimes."], "current_conv": ["Hi there. How are the dogs doing?", "they have been together a nonth now, and it seems they are now friends. how long have your two been together?", "They've been together for about 3 years now. Though they often fight over food. The lab is quite the stingy one. ", "mine are doing that. how  do you handle that?", "I separate their bowls and feed them one at a time or in different rooms. Often I'll feed one while the other lays on the floor next to the bath as I take one. Afterwards they switch. ", "thats a great idea!. not to be indelicate, but do they get lonely when you take yur bath time? or do they stay with you?", "They often stay with me. They're well behaved and know to leave me to my relaxation. What about yours? Do they seem lonely after you've been gone from their sight a while?", "they go absolutely crazy!. Maybe being rescues, they are a little more needy. I cannot close a door on me and them. Do you think that might get better in time?", "I'm sure it will. Calm and reassure them whenever you leave that you'll be back and when you return reference that. Saying \"See. I'm back.\" or similar. Dogs are quite smart, they'll catch on eventually. Treats as rewards helps a lot. ", "do you find your dogs get jealous if you have company? do they accept other humans being in your life and home?", "I find it highly depends on the person. These two seem to have quite the insight and often know whether I'll like a new person or not before I ever do. Though they'll make themselves known if they feel they're not getting enough attention. ", "lol! so they can be your date advisors! mine seemlike thart"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "I'm doing wonderfully, just came back from a walk with my dogs.", "Oh my! I also have two dogs! What kind?", "I've a springer spaniel and a lab. They are both rescues.", "Nice! I've a lab mix and a collie mix. Dogs are better than people", "They sure are! I'm a mechanic, what do you do", "I quit my job to find a husband. Its hard when your are my age.", "How is that working out? Men are terrified of a woman mechanic, I'm single too.", "Well, it usually resorts to me drinking wine in a bubble bath haha. Does it scare you?", "Lol. At times it does. I do not want to be alone", "Maybe we can get together sometime if you are not scare of a 30 year old cougar!", "Lol. I'm only 35. I know just the bar to look.", "It seems we were meant to be together! Maybe I can become a mechanic too!", "You sure can, it is not difficult. It is a lot of fun.", "You know what? From here on out I'm done drinking! Thank you!", "You are very welcome! Come over in a few days and we will go find men!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Manhattan. I work in Finance. I do overseas finance.", "I don't like sports. I'm going to a business school next year.", "My family are investment bankers."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Florida.", "I have dogs, kids, and a wife.", "I work finance too. I hope my son enjoys finance as well.", "I like american sports."], "current_conv": ["What kind of dogs do you have?", "I have a hypoallergenic poodle. My wife is allergic to dogs that shed, so this is the perfect dog for us.", "I've never heard of a hypoallergenic dog before! Wow! Where did you get it?", "We got it at the pet store. Interestingly, poodles don't shed at all! Do you have any pets?", "Not currently. I've thought about getting a pet, but I don't think I want to leave a pet at home all day when I start school. What color and gender is your poodle?", "Our pet is a grey miniature poodle; she's a girl. I can understand why you would be hesitant to get a pet when you are about to go to business school. Are you excited to go?", "I don't know if I'm more excited or nervous. It's a big step in advancing my experience for my career. Does she behave well? I've heard smaller dogs are harder to train. ", "Our poodle is a little fussy, but other than that, she is great. And the kids love having a pet. Don't be nervous about business school; you will learn so much and make some great connections that will help you with your career!", "That's very reassuring. It's big school. Surely, it won't take me long to settle in, though. How many children do you have?", "I'm sure it won't take you long to settle in. When you get there, make contact with the Student Life office and they are sure to help you. I have two daughters and one son; I hope he goes to business school one day too. ", "It's a great career! It runs in the family, so it's in my blood. I'm sure with the right guidance your son will be interest in it as well. What careers do you hope your daughters land?", "That's great that your family has experience with this field! They will be able to help you with your work. How far away is your school from your Manhattan home? I'm not sure what my twin daughters will end up doing, but they are total opposites in personality, so whatever they do will be different from one another."], "history_conv": [["Hello from manhattan! How are you this morning?", "Great. Hello from florida? What you are up to this morning?", "Waiting for my morning paper to get here, you?", "Just took the dogs for a walk while the kids and wife sleep in!", "I am in finance, I've to be up mornings or I would sleep in.", "That's exciting. I am in it so I work all hours of the day and night.", "I do too, mainly in overseas finance.", "Do you pay attention to oversea sports? I enjoy all american sports.", "No. I don't like sports. I'm going to business school in a year.", "What do you do in your spare time?", "Mainly lunch with my parents and their clients.", "Do they work in finance as well?", "Yes, they do. Investment bankers.", "I am hoping my son wants to do it. Nice that your whole family enjoys!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to go to the rock climbing gym.", "I enjoy hiking.", "I am a mechanical engineer. My job is stressful.", "I live in Colorado."], "partner_persona": ["I like documentaries.", "I volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "I have never been hiking. I was not wealthy when i was growing up.", "I am retired. I was a gym teacher.", "I am from Chicago. I like to cook.", "I have no pets. Cheeseburgers are my favorite food."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite documentary that you have seen?", "I really enjoyed \"The Staircase\", it's about Michael Peterson.  Have you seen it?", "No, I haven't. Was it any good?", "It was very good!  Michael Peterson was a criminal mystery writer who was accused of murdering his wife.  The documentary covers his story.", "Oh, I remember his story now. Fascinating stuff. Did you come to a conclusion as to whether he was guilty or not from the documentary?", "I assume he was guilty or he wouldn't have taken the plea deal.", "Interesting. I will have to check it out as I love that genre. Did you see Making a Murderer? Another fantastic crime documentary in my opinion.", "I've only seen the first season, I haven't had time to sit and watch season 2 yet.", "I didn't enjoy the second season as much to be honest with you. I found it to be a bit bleak and frustrating.", "That's good to know, I may take a pass on it then.  By the way, I have an opportunity to visit Colorado, are there any attractions you would recommend seeing while I am there?", "Denver Zoo is a pretty good visiting spot. The Botanic Gardens are very pretty too if you're into that sort of thing. As you've never been hiking I wouldn't recommend Rocky Mountain National Park unless you'd like a challenge. ", "I'll have to check out the zoo and I might check out the National Park; I've never been hiking, but I'm always up for a challenge and I have heard the scenery is majestic.  Can you recommend any local restaurants?  I like to eat where the locals go when I travel."], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today", "I am doing good watching a war documentary right now", "That is cool. I am on my way to the rock climbing gym", "Sounds fun! I've to volunteer later at the soup kitchen.", "Do you enjoy hiking at all? I go during spring usually", "I've never been! I wasn't rich growing up so I missed out on fun stuff.", "I totally get it. What do you do for a living?", "Nothing anymore, I just retired. I was a gym teacher! How about you?", "Oh ok. Well I work as a mechanical engineer", "Oh! Do you like it?", "Yea it is a good job. Just stressful of course. Where you from?", "From chicago. You? I might have to leave soon I need to cook before I leave.", "No that's fine. I'm residing in colorado at the moment. Any pets?", "None. But I gotta go whip up a cheeseburger before I leave, they are my favorite"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I teach at a school.", "I just moved to America from Switzerland.", "My family did not support my husband. I am having triplets with my husband now.", "I shop a lot for my triplets. I just bought my first home.", "My triplets are due in December. I do not want to know the gender of the triplets until they are born."], "partner_persona": ["I don't go to school anymore.", "I sell watches for a watch company. My family does not really support my career choice.", "I enjoy shopping. I own my dream home. I want to get my dream car: a rolls royce."], "current_conv": ["I am almost done shopping for the triplets", "I hope you bought a lot of warm and cozy stuff since they're going to be born in the Winter!! Is there anything you're super excited about that you purchased?", "Yes! I have I this cool triplet stroller that is pretty much just three strollers in one. Trying to take care of three children at once is going to be a nightmare though!", "I'm sure you're going to just fine!! It sounds like you're getting very prepared for when they come. It sounds like you weren't planning three at the least. Were you trying to conceive or did it just happen?", "Well kids were always part of the plan and we were trying for a few months, but we never imagine we would have triplets! I was hoping to have a boy and a girl like a typical family but now we're going to have an extra member!", "There's no controlling when or what gender you'll conceive. I'm sure you'll love them all the same. Three does sound like a handful, though. I hope your husband is the helping type! It does take a village to raise a child as they say! Have you had baby shower for them, yet?", "Yes my husband helps so much with the shopping and getting the house ready for the babies, he does everything I can't do and more! We were actually planning a baby shower for August 20th, maybe I'd see you there?", "That sounds great! I would love to come! Where will you be having it at? Since you've done so much shopping is there anything you need that you haven't purchased, yet? If not, I'll bring a couple watches. One for the lady and one for the husband. Maybe, both. ", "We're just going to have it at our place, maybe show off the new baby room! We have a registry if you want to check it out but some watches from your company would be a personal touch.", "That sounds great. I'll have to check out your registry. Is the baby room a specific theme? I'm sure three cribs is taking up a lot of space. That must be a big room!", "We didn't try to go with a theme since the three of them will be living with each other for while and interests might clash haha. It's a decently big room but luckily there were some small triplet cribs that connect together to fit on one wall. We also have a triple bunk for when they're older!", "Did you have the triplet items custom made? I've never heard of a bunk bed with three beds-usually they only have two. It sounds like a very convenient way to save space! Which gender do you hope to have two of?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there. How are you today? School got out. Woo hoo!", "Woohoo! I am good! Although I don't go to school anymore", "I teach at one, but I still learn aplenty from my students.", "That's cool, I sell watches for a watch company", "Nice. Swiss watches? I just moved to america from switzerland!", "Nope, cheap watches my family does not really support what I do! Cool", "My family did not support my husband, and now we are having triplets.", "Good for you! You must be doing a lot of shopping preparing for triplets!", "On top of that I just bought my first home. Due in december!", "How exciting! I enjoy shopping! I own my dream house already, looking to get my dream car!", "What is your dream car? Ferrari? Mustang? Volkswagon?", "A rolls royce ghost, I doubt I will end up getting it.. Too expensive", "Wow, you are high rolling if you do!", "Haha yeah... Keyword is if are your triplets all boys girls mixed?", "We are making it a surprise. I do not want to know!", "I could not do that! I respect your patience!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I want to be a nurse. I go to school and have a job at a bar.", "I work near a college.", "I live with a roommate in an apartment.", "I am not a picky eater."], "partner_persona": ["I suffer from heartburn.", "I am pregnant with triplets. I am with someone who already had children before me.", "I have a new home.", "I work at a school.", "My favorite food at the moment is strawberry yogurt."], "current_conv": ["I had the craziest night working at the bar last night. Do you want to hear about it?", "I would love to hear about your night!  What happened?", "These guys came in and got up on the bar and started stripping, it was so wild!", "That is wild!  What did you do?", "I gave them a few rounds and sat back and enjoyed the show, but they got the place pretty rowdy. Couple of fights broke out with them later in the night.", "That is incredible.  Do you know why they were so amped up?", "Well they were Australian and coked up I think. ", "That is definitely more exciting than my night.  I spent the evening on the couch binge watching netflix with my feet up.", "Nothing wrong with that! The fights were a bit intense, I didn't like it. What did you binge on netflix?", "I watched a bunch of \"Grey's Anatomy\".  Don't judge me, it's my guilty pleasure.", "I feel like that show has been on for 20 years! I've seen a few episodes, it is good but I didn't get hooked. Is that a Shonda Rhymes show? ", "Yes it is.  I think they are on season 15 or 16 now.  So you are pretty close with the 20 years."], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon! How are you today?", "I am mostly good. Tired and some wicked heartburn. Is that over sharing? You?", "I'm sorry you don't feel well. I'm in school for nursing.", "It is ok. Just pregnancy pains. It is normal. How is nursing school?", "Congrats on your baby! School is good. I also work at a bar to pay for it.", "Not baby, but babies! I'm having triplets! What bar? Wish I could drink!", "Triplets? You will want a drink when they come out! It is a local college bar.", "That is the truth! I already have step kids so it will be wild for sure.", "I just have my roommate. She's my best friend and we just got an apartment together.", "Congratulations! We just moved into our first home. New places are exciting.", "New house, new babies! What do you look like? I'm blonde with blue eyes.", "I look young. I'm mistaken for a student at the school where I work.", "That's funny! Do you have a favorite food? I like everything, except for chicken.", "Right now I am craving strawberry yogurts! Why do you not like chicken?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I make robots. The robots I build are human-like."], "partner_persona": ["I go to school. I am in third grade.", "I enjoy singing Disney songs.", "Frozen has my favorite Disney songs."], "current_conv": ["I programmed a robot to sing Disney songs!", "Yeah?  What all songs can your robot sing?  I hope it can sing the ones from Frozen.", "It can sing songs from Frozen and also from Mulan ( the cartoon one). Are you finished with your state testing yet?", "Not yet. I've still got a couple of weeks to go.  Can I see your robot?  How tall is it?", "Yes I would love to show you! It is 5'5\" tall . Maybe you can come visit after school is out?", "I will definitely do that!  I'll get mom and dad to take me to your house.  Can I play with the robot?", "yes! My parents said they will make lunch , what song would it like it to sing to you?", "Cool!  Have it sing Build a Snowman.  I'll bring my stuffed Olaf to play with the robot while it sings.", "Ha! that will be so cute. Is Olaf your favourite?", "Yep!  I've got sheets on my bed with him on it.  Who is your favorite?", "I love Sven , maybe one day i will try to build a talking reindeer!", "OHHH! That would be really cool!  He could sing Christmas songs and light up!  What do you think you'll name him?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I am taking a short break from work, let us chat.", "Haha work is funny. I am still in school.", "Not always funny, but fun. I'm actually making a robot.", "Robots are cool! My friends like to play with them", "What kinds of robots to you like?", "I like robots that fight each other like in transformers", "How about human like robots? That is what I am building.", "I like the human kind of robots they have at disney world", "You would like mine, then, when it is finished. What grade are you in?", "I bet I would. I am in third grade!", "Do you like school? I have to admit I did not.", "I like when I get to play with my friends", "Yes, recess is the best. Do you know what profession you want?", "Not really. Maybe a singer? I do like to sing disney songs", "Well, you still have plenty of time to make up your mind.", "I really like the songs from frozen the best. Have you seen it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like a raw diet.", "I majored in economics, I am married, and I have two children. I plan on having kids.", "I like the rolling stones.", "I have two cats."], "partner_persona": ["I like eating all kinds of foods.", "I work in construction and I enjoy building houses.", "I like music and I play the piano and guitar.", "I have cats.I love cats."], "current_conv": ["I just looked at who built our house and it wasn't you.", "Oh did you figure out who it was? I might be well acquainted with them!", "It was a local company but I can't think of the name of the top of my head. I might be outgrowing it soon. ", "Ah well that's a shame. How big was the house and any cool features?", "Its just a small two bedroom. But my husband and I are thinking about trying for kids and with our cats and working from home we need more. ", "How many more kids are you planning on having? Two would seem like a handful for me already.", "I want at least one. Do you have any kids or just cat kids?", "Maybe one someday but for now I'm going to stick with my cats! I have 3 of them and they're a lot of work!", "I bet. Cats are the best. What are their names? ", "I have a russian blue named Loki, a japanese bobtail named Sushi, and a birman named Oreo! What are your cats names?", "Sir Frederick Kittywinkles and Jojo. Those are cute names Mine are just a tabby and tortisehell. ", "Oh those breeds are very cute. Loki always manages to hunt a bird or a squirrel when he gets lets out, it's cute but frightening! Do your cats hunt things?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, what do you like to eat? I prefer a raw diet.", "My dad taught me to eat a variety of things. What do you do?", "I'm a married economics major with two children.", "That is great! I work in construction and love to build houses.", "Do you like music? I go to a rolling stones concert each year.", "I do like music. My dad taught me to play the piano and guitar.", "Nice. I just recently bought a house in order to hold my growing family.", "I wonder if I built it! Do you have pets? I love my cats.", "I too have cats. Two of them. I love them also.", "You do have a growing family! Pets and cats. Cats are special animals.", "Yes, I like how they like to do their own thing and don", "I agree. My dad taught me to love cats.", "Do not require much attention. Sorry I was cut off.", "I am sorry to heart that."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love playing softball. I am good at softball.", "I was recently fired. I got a new job.", "My mom passed. my dad was in the army. He wanted me to  be in there too.", "I am in the army. I had a lot of vaccines. I wish to work from home."], "partner_persona": ["I want to dye my hair blonde. I work.", "I love playing role play games.  dont like blood or shots.", "I work in a factory. I want to work at home.", "I like to watch youtube."], "current_conv": ["What youtube videos do you like to watch? What role playing games do you enjoy?", "I think my favorite RPG game is Skyrim The Elder Scrolls. It's an older game but I still love playing it! I watch a lot of video game channels and music.", "Oh, nice. My cousin loves that game, but I've always been more into sports. It does seem fun, though! Oh, by the way, when you talked about wanting to dye your hair blonde, it kind of made me want to dye mine as well. So I think I'm gonna go blonde too!", "Haha playing sports is probably much healthier than playing video games! Have you ever played sports themed video games? And you should dye your hair blonde too! We can be twins hah", "My cousin always tries to get me into those sports games, but I feel like I'm much better in real life lol. And they don't really do softball games, do they? Are there any sports games you'd recommend? I really wanted to go with dyeing it purple or something, but I have to keep it natural colors for the Army. ", "You're right because I don't know any softball video games! I know Madden and FIFA are super popular though. Purple would be fun but I get the army would not allow crazy fun colors! Maybe you could use temporary hair dye in the future!", "They are always playing FIFA at my family parties lol. I could definitely try temporary. Are you free to do your hair however in the factory?", "My managers could care less as long as I show up to work! I think it would matter more if I was in a leadership role or had to deal with customers and clients. I've tried temporary hair color because it's so easy to just wash out but you still can experiment with your look", "That sounds really fun! I would love to be in an environment like that. But working from home would definitely be best lol.", "It's hard to beat the comfort of being at home and saving time without commuting. Do you like the army so far?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today? Any plans?", "Hello, no plans. Maybe I will dye my hair.", "What color? I'm going to play softball. I love it!", "Blonde. Are you any good at softball? I also have to work unfortunately.", "I'm very good. When I recently got fired I got a new job. Thank goodness!", "Is it weird that I've been spending so much time playing role play games?", "No. I did the same when I was young and my mom passed.", "Sorry to hear that, do you work?", "I do. My dad wanted me to be in the army like him.", "So you are in the army? Couldn't do all those shots. Too much blood", "Yes. Getting all the vaccinations weren't fun at all! Do you work?", "Yes, in a factory. Wish I could work at home though.", "So do I! Anything else interesting about you?", "I like to watch youtube. Probably too much"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I teach elementary school.", "I take landscape photography."], "partner_persona": ["I'm tired. I have a new job at a gas station. I like working with my hands.", "I grow a vegetable garden. I grow carrots.", "I only speak English.", "I am adopted. I am a single man."], "current_conv": ["Has the new job gotten any better?", "I'm not really sure how I feel about it! It is new, you know? How's teaching going? Do you have any favorite students?", "It's going well. We're still early in the school year so it's hard to say. I'm sure eventually a few will stand out. So what do you do at the gas station?", "I do a few things. Sometimes, I stock the shelves. Sometimes, I work the counter checking out customers.", "Do you work in one of the states where they still have you pump the gas? It's been a while since I've seen a full service gas station.", "No. They have to pump their own gas. They have to prepay first, though. Is there anything that you like about teaching the most?", "It's always fun to see their minds really churn on a new idea or concept. Also, when one of them is really into the material.", "Is it like watching their eyes light up when they see candy? Haha. Would you change jobs if you had the chance?", "Ha, no. Not quite that gleeful. Um... I'm not sure. I suppose it would depend on the position that I was presented with. I really enjoy teaching and if the new job involved teaching and paid well I might consider it. Are you working at the gas station long term or is it just a temporary job?", "I think I'm just going to be here temporarily, but who am I to say? I can't predict the future. Haha. I'm hoping to work here until I save up enough money to have enough downtime and find a better job. What if it was college wanting to hire you?", "I'd definitely be interested. I hear that unless you're in a tenured position though it can be really tough to make a living as a professor. A lot of work going to adjuncts that are only working part time.", "I didn't know that. I suppose you would have to have another job on the side if it were that way? Are there any other occupations you would consider aside from teaching if it came down to it?"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing?", "Tired man, been standing all day at the pumps. What about you?", "You work at a gas station? I had a long day of teaching", "New job, I do not think it will work. You teach kids?", "That does now sound fun. Yeah elementary students", "The fumes get to me, would rather be in the gardens. Hungry?", "Do you have a garden. Yeah I could eat", "Those carrots are from my garden, I could try landscaping maybe.", "Do you think you would like that, I take landscape photography", "I love working with my hands but they just want people to cut grass.", "Oh my, can you speak any other languages?", "Nope, do you? I wonder if my real parents spoke english.", "Are you adopted? I wonder", "Yeah, the people who adopted me are a hoot though. Trying to marry me off.", "Haha oh yeah are you a woman?", "Nope but my dad wants to find me a good one to date."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own an Arabian horse that I ride. I like to read and ride horses. I have three horses.", "When I'm not riding, I tend the fields.", "I sing. I love rock music. I listen to it while I'm working.", "My father raised me. My father was a farmer.", "I like Italian sausage."], "partner_persona": ["I read two books a month. My grandfather raised me.", "I like riding horses. I had a horse. He died. He only ate kosher food.", "I'm fit. I like reading. I only cook kosher foods."], "current_conv": ["I went on a long ride on my Arabian horse today. The weather was perfect.", "That sounds like a nice relaxing day. I used to have a horse.", "Really? What kind and what was his name?", "He was a Mustang named Soldier. My grandfather got him for me as a child. Unfortunately he passed away a few years ago.", "Oh man that must suck losing something you grew up with. Can I ask how he died?", "He was just old. He was 20 when he died. He was a great horse. I used to sit outside and read with him.", "That sounds very relaxing, horses are the best! Do you plan on getting another horse so you can ride again someday?", "Probably not. I live in the city now and I couldn't really fit a horse in my apartment. ", "Oh that's too bad. What kind of music are you into? The foo fighters recently released a new album and it rocks!", "Growing up in the country I tend to listen to country music. But I must admit I love some 90's pop music.", "Oh 90's pop music brings me back. Nirvana and The Backstreet Boys were bangers!", "Sometimes I still listen to it to drive my kids nuts while I'm cooking dinner. "], "history_conv": [["How are you? I'm great. Going to ride my arabian horse.", "I read two books a month and my grandfather raised me. You?", "I like to read to, but love riding horses more. I've three.", "Great! I had a horse but he died. He only ate kosher food.", "Was he jewish? I tend the fields when I do not ride.", "No! I am fit with no broken bones or scars. You dance or sing?", "I sing and love rock especially while working. Keeps me pumped.", "Wow! Did both parents raise you? You ever stop to read when you ride?", "My father. He was a farmer. Yes I read. What do you like?", "I like getting pumped but I like reading more. You like sausage?", "Sure. Italian sausage is great. Do you cook?", "Yes! I cook kosher foods only. My father died.", "Sorry to hear that. Try riding horses. It is therapeutic.", "Thanks! I like riding horses."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a side job as a stunt devil.", "I've never broken a bone.", "I only eat kosher food.", "Growing up it was just me and my mom. I grew up on the west coast. I enjoy reading.", "I think Rogue One was a good movie."], "partner_persona": ["I played college football.", "I broke an ankle.", "I have a coffee blog.", "I live in Los Angeles. I like to read poetry and Star Wars. I am a Star Wars fan and attend conventions. I don't like the new Star Wars movies. I did not like Rogue One."], "current_conv": ["Have you discovered any new coffee?", "I have actually! There is a coffee shop in LA that just opened up and they import coffee from Peru. Do you have any brands of coffee you like?", "When I drink it I really like Dean's Beans brand coffee! I am more of a herbal tea drinker myself. ", "I should try that brand then someday! Tea is pretty great too. Sometimes I will drink tea during the night time because coffee is too stimulating before bed.", "I know what you mean! Once I was drinking thai tea before bed thinking it had no caffeine only to find myself jittering in bed! What have you done today?", "Oh no not thai! Also I have just been doing research on upcoming conventions. I want to see if they have any have good Star Wars panels I can attend.", "Oh that's cool! Do you dress up when you attend? I like to sit outside convention centers when they have that sort of thing going on. I love the creativity. ", "I used to when I was younger but not so much anymore. Most people expect outfits from the new series and I am more old-school. But there really is so much creativity from the whole community I can't complain. ", "Have you ever seen any celebrities out in LA? ", "I have but I worry I might have missed so many. I can only recognize so many faces! You got any celebrities I should be looking out for you?", "Hmmm no... I am trying to think of who would be the most mind blowing celebrity to meet.... maybe r2d2 haha", "I can totally get you some pictures of r2d2. He doesn't pop out much but when he does, he controls the whole street!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I've a side job as a stunt devil.", "Wow! I can somewhat relate ; I played college football.", "Cool! I've never broken a bone, have you?", "I broke an ankle at a star wars convention. Let the wookie win is a philosophy.", "Haha. I will only eat kosher food. Do you think chewie eats kosher food?", "I think chewie eats whatever he wants. Do you like coffee?", "It was just me and my mom growing up and she liked coffee.", "I run a blog where I report on different coffees. Where did you grow up?", "West coast. I enjoying reading, ai read about two books a month.", "Cool! I live in los angeles. I read, too ; mostly poetry and star wars fanfic.", "Do you like the new star wars movies?", "No. I think they are poorly written. How about you?", "Copy of old ones. Rogue one was good though.", "I hated rogue one ; it was unnecessary and distracting, in my opinion.", "At least it had some originality.", "Do you think so?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a farmer. I love my job. I love driving the tractor.  I don't know what paella is.", "My sister is a pole dancer in London.  They have fish and chips at her shows.", "I'm a Christian.  I don't condone my sister's career choice."], "partner_persona": ["I go to school. I study culinary arts.  I want to be a pastry chef.", "I can make paella. I love fish and chips."], "current_conv": ["I decided I'm going to get fish and chips tonight after our conversation.", "Oh yeah? I got your mouth watering huh? maybe I could join you where what restaurant are you going to Dine at? ", "Just a small takeaway place near my house; they don't have any tables, but the food is amazing. Do you go out a lot? Or do you prefer to cook for yourself now that you are learning all the tricks of the trade?", "Well I do like to cook for myself, but the only way to learn new techniques used to go out and eat food you've never tried before so I eat out a lot.", "I think you would be a fun dining partner; you could tell me if what I am eating is actually worth the price that I am paying. I am a bit picky about produce since I am partial to the vegetables I grow myself. I like knowing exactly where my food is coming from.", "Hey have you ever thought about sell8ng your Produce that you grow directly to local restaurants? Because I know it's hard sometimes for restaurants to get good local produce.", "Wheat is my main cash crop, but sometimes I sell the excess from my smaller vegetable patch. Not directly to restaurants, just at a little stand I have by the road.", "That is so cool! You have your own farmers market! Wheat flour is very importan5 when making pastries like I am learning. Do you grow organic wheat?", "Yes; I had to invest a lot into the certification process, but now I can charge more because my wheat is certified organic. What is the most difficult pastry that you have learned to make so far?", "Boy I still have trouble with butter croissants. They are so hard to get that perfect flakiness for me. Maybe I need to use some of your organic wheat flour.", "I am a hopeless baker, but I am willing to taste test any time you feel the need to practice making croissants.", "They Say practice makes perfect, but in my case practice might make you puke nobody likes my croissants I'm much better at making eclairs"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Do you know of any good classical music shows next week?", "Hi, I don't. I can see what is posted on the board at my school", "That would be great. What are you studying?", "Culinary arts, I want to be a pastry chef. Do you like paella?", "I am not sure, what is that? I am a farmer myself. Love driving the tractor.", "It is a fish stew with rice, very good. I can make it for you.", "Interesting, I'm not sure if I'd like it. But I'll try!", "I also love fish and chips, lol", "Yum. My sister often has those at her shows.", "Is she a chef or caterer?", "No, lol. She's a pole dancer in london. So fish and chips is a staple meal.", "Wow. How do you feel about that? My brother would kill me.", "Being a christian, I do not condone her career choice.", "Maybe one day she will find another profession.", "Maybe. I hope she takes after me I love my job.", "What do you do? Do you have any hobbies?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work out 4 hours a day.", "I do gymnastics. I teach gymnastics the Y.", "I have a lot do art in my home."], "partner_persona": ["My bones hurt.", "I have kids.", "I am in a world domination group.", "I am a housekeeper. I painted for 20 years. A lot of my abstract paintings are in our local museum.", "I miss painting. I have arthritis."], "current_conv": ["I would love to get one of your pieces for my home.", "I have a few works that are available for purchase. What art style are you interested in?", "I am interested in your abstract work.", "Great! Those are some of my best pieces. I have them in many sizes. I can send you links to some of my favorites if you'd like.", "That would be lovely. I have several pieces in my home. I like to collect art.", "Who are some of your favorite artists?", "I really like Jackson Pollock. Who is yours?", "Pollack is one of my favorites as well. I also like the works of Picasso and Miro.", "I really enjoy the work of Picasso also!", "Some of my art is inspired by Picasso. Let's meet up and I can show it to you sometime!", "Absolutely. That would be great. Thank you.", "You're welcome! I'd be honored to have one of my paintings hang in your home"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you?", "Ah, ok. Getting ready for work in the morning. My bones hurt.", "My body is aching also I workout regularly 4 hours a day but I do not know why", "Slow down. I'm 56, and when you get to be my age, you stay hurting.", "Haha well gymnastics is my fave so lets hope so", "I bet mom is proud. I carried my kids for 9 months, and they do not visit.", "Why not they should be glad you are still alive and well", "They say its because I joined a group that role plays world domination.", "Well they should be happy that you are happy no matter what it is", "Thank you I think so too. Do you work hun?", "I teach gymnastics at the y", "I bet that's fun. I am a house keeper now, but I painted for 20 years.", "What kind of paintings? I have a lot of art in my home", "Abstract. A lot of my paintings are in our local museum.", "Wow that's awesome you must be proud", "I am. I miss painting but this arthritis is horrible."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like watching the X games and hockey.", "I live in Portland.", "I'm just a kid with big dreams.", "I don't have any pets.", "I want to skate and I'm learning how to relax sleep. I have lots of dreams."], "partner_persona": ["I watch hockey.", "I live in a rural area.", "I'm a farmer. I have a rural farm with a lot of land.", "I have a dog."], "current_conv": ["How was the rest of the hockey game?", "Terrible. My favorite team tanked and took a big loss. Have you gone skating recently?", "Greetings from Portland!  It was a beautiful sunny day :) The temperature was about 80 degrees which seems a little unusual.  Spring has certainly sprung.", "Has it? We're still seeing some winter here in the more rural areas. ", "No, I haven't skated yet.  Sorry to hear about your team tanking.  Wow, I hope the weather is more favorable for you especially for farming.  What types of things do you farm?", "Around here it's mostly potatoes and wheat. Our winters run much too long for most other crops to survive and thrive. ", "Yummy potatoes :) I went to a yard sale the other day with my brother.  A guy gave him a free DVD.  The movie was called Slap Shot.  My brother says it's really funny.  I can't wait to watch it. ", "I love potatoes, especially mashed. I've never heard of the Movie. I assume from the name it's about Hockey?", "Yes, indeed.  It's a comedy from 1977.  In our area, we have the Penguins hockey team.", "Oh, I'll have to watch it sometime. My favorite movies are comedies. Penguins are amazing, I can see why they'd choose that as their mascot. ", "Tee hee!  Yeah, they're great.  There was a movie about them too but I think it was a thriller.  I can't remember the name of it though.", "Paranormal Penguins maybe? I hear that's a movie about a hockey team trapped within a rink as terrifying mutated penguins rise from below the Ice. "], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing today?", "I'm well, just watching hockey. Do you watch sports?", "X games and hockey is nice", "Cool. I live in a rural area and have to stay busy. Where do you live?", "Portland in so much pain. Busy is nice. What you do for work.", "I am a farmer. What about you.", "What you farm and just a kid with big dreams", "A rural farm with a lot of land.", "That good hard for me to type", "It is hard, buy my dog keeps me company. Do you have dogs?", "No pets typing with one hand bare with me", "I'm patient. Life is pretty slow out here.", "Just want to skate and now I learning how to relax sleep is good", "Well if you need a break think about vacationing in a rural community.", "Will have to travel there sometime till than I got dreams", "Pursue your dreams now while you are young."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I cleaned my house all day and have blistered feet.", "I don't have a massager. I have children that don't visit.", "I used to be a painter.", "I am a 56 year old lady. I don't go to gyms.", "I have a limp. I used to be pretty but am now ugly."], "partner_persona": ["I live with two dogs.", "I have a massager. I'm a gym trainer and am at the gym often. I train older ladies at the gym.", "I love doing the treadmill and rowing machine."], "current_conv": ["My kids came to visit me! ", "Really?  That's great!  Did you have a good time with them?  Tell me about it!", "Yes, they did!!! We had a really great time. I made a nice dinner for them and we talked for hours. ", "That is really wonderful!  I know you must be so happy!  So, how are they doing?", "They are doing great, thanks for asking. I'm going to be a grandma in 6 months as well! Do you have any children?", "Congratulations!  No, I just have my fur babies right now.  Hey, are you going to do a painting for the new baby?", "Awww, what kind of pets do you have? Yes, I think I will paint a picture for the baby for the nursery. ", "I have border collies.  They are smart and have a lot of energy.  What kind of painting will you do?", "Border collies are so adorable! Maybe someday I will get one. I am thinking of painting baby animals, like pandas, giraffes and birds. ", "That'll be cute!  I would love to see your painting when you are done with it.  Say, can you paint dogs?", "Yes, I can. Would you like me to paint a picture of your dogs?", "If you wouldn't mind and it's not a lot of trouble. I mean, I can wait till after the grandbaby of course lol!  Just some day when you are not too busy I could either bring them or send you pics of them."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you doing today?", "I'm doing good. Sitting here with my two dogs that I live with how bout u", "I am alright. Just resting my blistered feet after cleaning houses all day.", "I am sorry about your feet. Do you have a massager", "No I have no massager, if my selfish children ever visited maybe they would get me one.", "Oh my gosh, if I lived closer I'd let you borrow mines.", "That is very nice of you. You are kind.", "Thank you. I know about being on feet all day so I know how you feel.", "You must be a hard worker too. I used to be a painter. What do you do?", "I'm in the gym regulary as a trainer", "I am beyond gyms. I am a 56 year old lady.", "Oh wow, you can still get in the gym I train older ladies?", "I do not think you can train me. Time hasn't been kind. I limp around.", "Lol I understand, I love doing the treadmill and my rowing machine", "I used to be pretty. Now I look like someone hobbled me.", "You still look awesome. Don't worry about it", "Thank you darling. God bless you", "Thank you ma am same to you have a nice day"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am tired. I am unpacking boxes and don't watch tv often. I bought my first house. I am fond of pennsylvania.", "I'm a teacher in public school.", "I love reading. I have never read harry potter. I have a step daughter that loves harry potter."], "partner_persona": ["I like watching documentaries.", "I live in pennsylvania and have a husband.", "I started working as a personal assistant 3 months ago.", "I like to read a book every week. I like harry potter."], "current_conv": ["My daughter let me borrow her harry potter book!", "Really?  That was nice of her!  So, have you started reading it yet?", "Yes, I just started, but it is a really long book so it will take me a while. ", "They are long, but they are good.  I don't know if you've watched the movies but the books are way better. There's a lot more in them that was left out of the shows.", "Well my step-daughter has really encouraged me to read them so I think I will have to read them all. Are they your favorite books?", "I don't know about favorite, but I do like them.  I'm surprised with your being a teacher and all that Harry Potter books were never considered by you.", "I have mostly spent time reading some of the classics like To Kill a Mockingbird and The Great Gatsby. ", "Oh.  Those are good ones!  Are they the ones you teach your students too?", "Yes, those and many other great books. They are very receptive to those books as well. ", "That is good to hear. So many kids these days don't care about the classics or reading for that matter.  I guess you teach Shakespeare too?", "Some, primarily Romeo and Juliet, as well as Hamlet and MacBeth. ", "I remember reading those in school.  You know, these classics you are talking about are heavy reading.  If you can get through those Harry Potter will be nothing for you!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing?", "Great, how are you? I just finished watching one of my favorite documentaries. Do you enjoy those?", "I am doing great, just tired. I just am unpacking boxes. I do not watch tv often.", "Did you just move? I live here in pennsylvania with my husband.", "Yes, I bought my first house. I love pennsylvania, a lot of hills and very green.", "Good for you and congratulations on your new home!", "Thank you! So what do you do for work?", "I just started working as a personal assistant about three months ago. How about you?", "That sounds fun, I'm a teacher at the public school.", "Shaping you minds. That is a noble profession!", "I agree it is definitely very rewarding", "I try to finish reading a new book every week. Do you read for fun?", "That is a good goal. I love reading, I just cannot find a good book lately.", "There are 3 new harry potter books coming out this month. I'm so excited!", "I have actually never read those, I really should! My step daughter loves them!", "I recommend them! Maybe you could borrow one from your stepdaughter?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am married. I post on facebook.", "I am thin. I have a vegetarian diet. I'm a woman. I watch my figure.", "My favorite color is blue.", "I'm an atheist. I like to watch sports. My favorite sport is running."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like sports. I like facebook.", "I am fat.", "I like battered and fried vegetables.", "I don't have a favorite color.", "I'm an atheist. I'm a woman. I like the color blue.", "I watch cricket. I watch olympic potato throwing."], "current_conv": ["So what exactly is olympic potato throwing?", "It is a new sport that will be featured in the Olympics this summer! You must watch! They throw potatoes and the gold goes to whoever throws it the farthest.", "wow. interesting. I don't think it is hard to throw a potato far", "You would be surprised! Some of these distances are really far! Google some videos on youtube.", "I will thanks. Have you gone on facebook recently?", "I was scrolling this weekend. I was checking the page of some of my favorite potato throwers. How about you?", "I was on yesterday, just posting my niece birthday wishes.  she just turned 15", "How exciting for her! Did she get any good gifts?", "She did. she received a new iphone, my sister took her and a few friends to ", "That is a great gift! This time next year she will be driving!", "yes she will. she is already practicing. I meant to say they also went to Atlantic City she loved the resort", "I have never been there. It is on my bucket list!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you like sports? I like to run.", "No. I prefer to spend my time on facebook. Do you like the facebook?", "Facebook is nice. I like to post my relationship status there, which is married.", "I'm fat so nobody will marry me.", "Eat a vegetarian diet. I do and I am thin. Do you like vegetables", "I like vegetables when they're coated in fried dough", "I'm a lady who watches her figure. What is your favorite color?", "My favorite color does not exist. What is yours?", "That is weird. Mine is blue.", "I'm a weird lady who does not believe in god. Blue is pretty, though.", "Me either. I like to watch sports. Do you watch any?", "I watch cricket and olympic potato throwing. What is your favorite sport?", "Running. Cricket reminds me of baseball.", "Crickets are a type of arthropod.", "They're also high in protein. Entomology is the future.", "When are we done with this"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am new here. I am a blonde. I'm a woman.", "I enjoy playing video games. I like to listen to music.", "I like to wear leggings and band shirts.", "I am young. I like older music. I love The Eagles, The Beatles, ACDC."], "partner_persona": ["I am new here. I have a family.", "I like Mickey Mouse. I have been to Disneyland. I am planning another trip to Disneyland. I like to read.", "I have brown hair. I work on a maternity ward. I work the day shift. I wear scrubs for work. I am old."], "current_conv": ["How is the family? Hope you had a lovely time hanging out together.", "How is it working in a maternity ward?", "It is interesting. The patients are all very friendly. And they let me jam out to good music while working, so I can't complain. How's your hospital?", "Not as intersting as yors. the work tends to be pretty hard especially with my old age", "I hear you. It is very physical, which gets worse with age. But at least we can be in comfortable clothes, right?", "We are only permitted to wear scrubs to work", "I enjoy scrubs. Elastic waistbands are comfortable to me.", "With my age i prefer putting on something quite warmer", "I understand that. I am always hot, so I don't ever think  about being cold.", "Lucky you.You mentioned you like older music. Can you recommend a playlist?", "Spotify has some really great ones under rock n roll. ENJOY!!!", "Sure i will definately check them out"], "history_conv": [["First timer here. Not really sure what to do since I'm a blonde girl", "New here too. Just doing this while hanging out with my family.", "Sorry that took so long it didn't like what I said", "That is ok. So what do you do for fun?", "Play video games and listen to music. How about you", "Read books and figure out our next trip to disneyland!", "Fun place! What do you look like?", "Brown hair, pretty average. Scrubs during the day since I work in a maternity ward.", "Scrubs are comfy but I really like my leggings and band shirts", "That sounds more cozy. What is your favorite band?", "I'm young but I love old stuff, eagles, beatles, acdc", "I'm old but I still like young stuff like mickey mouse.", "Hey nothing with with the mouse!", "I keep getting older, he keeps staying the same age!", "His whole gang does. And what is with pluto? What is he any way?", "It must be so depressing to be the pet dog of a dog!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just ran 10 miles. I like being active on the weekends.", "I love pools. I find blue relaxing.", "I have a husband and he wants children.", "I would like to try indian food."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to death metal.", "I am a swim coach for my local pool. I like to stay active.", "I'm from india. I enjoy the beach.", "I have a traditional mother. I am free spirited.", "I like indian cuisine and holidays. My favorite indian food is broccoli and tofu in garlic sauce, chicken tikka masala. I usually marinate my broccoli and tofu in garlic sauce dish."], "current_conv": ["I went to try indian food!", "How did you like it? What did you get?", "I had chicken tikka masala . Since you mentioned you liked it", "Yes, it is one of my favorites. How did you like it?", "It was nice . It wasn't too spicy", "That is exactly why I like it. It's not too spicy. Did you try anything else?", "I had it with naan bread. That was good too. Would you recommend anything lese?", "Mmmm. naan. I make that at home at least once a week. It's super easy to make. Butter chicken is also good. Do you like spicy food?", "That's amazing. Maybe you should invite me over for dinner. I don't like spicy food though", "Sure! I would love to have you over. Will your husband come as well?", "Definitely! He loves all types of food. When are you free?", "How does next week Friday night work for you?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "Good, just listening to some death metal. How are you?", "Great! I just ran 10 miles. I enjoy being active, especially on the weekends.", "Wow! I too like to stay active and am the swim coach at my local pool!", "That is so awesome. I love pools, the blue hue from the water is so relaxing.", "Yes, my family and I are from india so we enjoy the beach as well!", "Do you spend a lot of family time? My husband wants children someday.", "Yes, except my mother is very traditional and I prefer to be more free spirited", "What are some indian traditions that you value?", "I value the authentic cuisine and holidays", "Are there specific dishes that are vegetarian? I would love to try it someday.", "Yes, my favorite is broccoli and tofu in a garlic sauce. Yum!", "Sounds delicious! How is it made?", "I usually marinate it in a wok but it can be cooked many different ways", "What is your favorite indian dish?", "My favorite is chicken tikka masala"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am training to run a marathon.", "I am a senior in high school. I am a girl. I won the homecoming game. I have all A's in school and have a lot of freedom.", "I want to be a physical therapist.", "I am getting a new car for graduation. I want a mustang. My dad has a mustang."], "partner_persona": ["I am a language student. I speak spanish and am going to learn french. I only study languages.", "My favorite word in spanish is trabajo.", "I like camaros and bumble bee from transformers.", "My dad has a mustang."], "current_conv": ["I got my new car for graduation!", "That's fantastic!  Did you get the Mustang that you wanted?", "Yes!  I was so excited!  Now I have a car like my dad!", "Congratulations!  So, tell me about it.  What color is it?  How fast can it go?  Hey, did you get a convertible?", "No.  Not a convertible but a beautiful cherry red with back interior!  I love it!  Not sure how fast it goes but has a lot of power. What does your dad's mustang look like?  ", "His is black and and an older model.  He keeps it in mint condition because some day it'll be a collector's item.  So, what school are you going to go to?", "That is cool!  Definitely will be a collector!  I haven't decided on schools yet.  Where do you study language?", "Right now I am taking some online courses from the University of Miami.  I'm considering taking brick and mortar classes in the fall. "], "history_conv": [["Hey there, I am working up to run a 10k.", "Wow sounds cool, I wish I could run, I am a language student.", "I'm a senior and we won the homecoming game and I was crowned queen.", "I just finished learning spanish and I'm going to learn french now.", "You in college? I have all as and I can go about anywhere.", "My favorite word in spanish is trabajo", "You in college? I've all as and I can go about anywhere.", "Interesting, please tell me more", "That means I work right? I want to be a physical therapist.", "Good job! I only study languages but please tell me more interesting things about yourself", "I will get a brand new car for graduation. I want a mustang.", "I like camaro better, bumble bee baby!", "A camero would be okay but I like my dads mustang a lot.", "No way, my dad also has a mustang", "That's way cool. It must be a dads car.", "Well hey, what can I say?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like fancy teas. I grow roses in my garden.", "I don't travel much. I am partially deaf.", "I have anxiety over traveling.", "I work at a museum. I meet many people at my work."], "partner_persona": ["I own a yacht. I rent my yacht out to AirBnB.", "I travel around the world. I like tea. I love food.", "I don't know many people.", "I am 23 years old."], "current_conv": ["How long have you had a yacht?", "I have had it for about a year and a half.  Too bad you get anxiety traveling, otherwise I would say you should come with me sometime.", "That sounds like fun, but stressful. How do you handle being out on the ocean for so long?", "I usually bring friends or family along for longer trips and otherwise we usually stop at different islands and countries, so it's not really all that lonely at all.  It's nice to get in touch with nature too.", "I don't know, I think I  would freak out if I couldn't see any land, but it does sound awesome. What", "My parents had a yacht when I was little and I would go with them, so I guess I'm just used to the lifestyle.  How are your roses doing?  What kind do you grow?", "That sounds really fun. They are doing well, but I am worried we will have a late Spring freeze and hurt them a little. I like to stick to the traditional red ones, they are my favorite, but I recently got some pink ones, that are smaller. Have you been to any good restaurants lately?", "Oh no hopefully they can hold out for you and the freeze didn't ruin them!  There was this little family restaurant I just went to in the Dominican.  They had the best sandwiches and a bunch of tea too.  I'm sure you would like it there.", "That sounds really good! I may have to stick to local, though. How has your AirBnB been going? Are you worried about your yacht when you rent it out?", "It has been going well.  It pretty much pays for all my trips I take when I'm not renting it out.  Yes, I do get worried sometimes, but that's why I have a good insurance policy for that.", "That is the best way to do it. Have someone else paying for your trips. I should look into that, but with my house. I think I could make some money, since I am by the ski resorts.", "Oh yes definitely.  I'll have to send you the information I had from when I got started.  I can see that being a hot spot with skiing!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing tonight?", "Good! Just finished preparing my yacht for the airbnb guests this week.", "Well that sure does sound amazing.", "I am sure they will love it. It is good income. Do you cook? I love food.", "Yes, but nothing fancy. I'm more involved in fancy teas and growing roses in my garden.", "Ohh I like tea too! I try all kinds of thing when I travel around the world.", "I can imagine. I don't travel too much. I am slightly deaf.", "You can still travel. You would be surprised, the deaf community is strong abroad.", "Yes, I just need to get over my anxiety about it.", "I completely understand having anxiety about it. Find a travel companion!", "I think I'll do that! I meet many people at the museum where I work.", "I do not know many people. My money and age make it hard to find friends.", "That sounds like a lonely life. You need to find humble friends.", "Not as easy as it sounds. At 23 most people my age are in college still.", "Yes, true. Well, possibly you could act poor and see the honest people you attract.", "True! I should try that. I wish I would have thought about that myself!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy grilling.", "I also enjoy gambling.", "I havent had a job in years.", "I am good at math."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy going to the park. I'm searching for a new job. I am a surgeon. I have a 12 year old daughter.", "I live in North Carolina."], "current_conv": ["How has the job search been going?", "The job search is going well. I expect to have a few interviews shortly. What have you been up to?", "That's so good to hear! I haven't been up to much, honestly. Just making the most of the sun by grilling every meal, lol1", "That's great. My daughter loves grilled meat. She's loves a good barbecue ", "You guys will have to come over one of these weekends. I just got a new Traeger grill and it's awesome. I'd love to cook for you both!", "Thanks. It'll be a pleasure. We a free on weekends after I've  helped her with her school homework .", "Sounds good. Bring over anything in particular you guys want but I have just about every cut from every animal you could imagine in the walk in freezer here. How is her school going?", "Thanks. I'll bring some ribeye steak  if you don't mind. She's doing well in school but is struggling a bit with maths", "Of course! Oh I don't blame her there, some people struggle with it. Bring over anything she's struggling with math-wise too and I'll have a crack at it", "That's great. You'll be feeding our stomachs and minds. Thanks a lot", "No worries at all. It'll be nice to have palates that appreciate it, lol", "Would you like me to bring anything else? Like games or wine?"], "history_conv": [["Is it sunny enough outside for yard work?", "It is too rainy here. I was planning to go to the park", "Is that what you do in your spare time? I enjoy grilling.", "Yes, I haven't been able to go as I am job hunting though", "I could grill up what you hunt! I do enjoy gambling as well.", "Haha I am hunting for a job not for animals!", "I see! I haven't worked in many years, I could hunt too.", "I am a surgeon but am moving for my daughter so need a new job", "Oh wow! You are very busy. How old is your daughter?", "12 she is a child prodigy for chess", "I could learn a thing or two from her then. Did you teach her?", "Yes she got her math skills from me", "I think the reason I'm decent at gambling is because I'm good at math.", "Yes that would make sense", "Where do you live? I travel to south america often.", "I live in north california"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just bought a black car. I have two cars.", "I go to the gym almost every day. I like to talk to people at the gym.", "I no longer live with my parents. My parents would like it if I was married. I've never had a long term relationship."], "partner_persona": ["I hate the color orange. I think fashion is dumb.", "I don't go to the gym.", "I work in a bookstore. My mother is disappointed. My parents kicked me out of my house. My parents disapprove of my job. I have a chemistry degree.", "I have a dog. My dog is very agile. I spend a lot of time with my dog. I don't have time for dating.", "I travel to canine competitions with my dog."], "current_conv": ["I almost got into an accident with my new car!", "Oh no!! I am sorry! What happened?", "I was on my way to the gym and a dog darted out in front of me.  ", "Oh no! I hope you are okay? Did you hit the dog?", "I'm fine, and so is the dog.  I thought of you actually.  The dog jumped so quick and was so fast, I think he could compete in agility competitions if he was better trained!  Have you been doing well in your competitions?", "Awww, I am glad both you and the dog are fine. Yes, we won first place last week! ", "That's so cool!  Was the competition local or did you have to travel?  ", "It was local this time. We have a competition coming up next month that is in Florida. I can't wait. I am making it a vacation and we are staying for a whole week. ", "I'm so jealous!  Ever since I moved out of my parent's place I haven't had enough money scraped up to travel.  But even though I don't live there, I still get to hear about how I should be married already almost daily.", "Oh geesh. I am so sorry about that. Hey, wanna go with me next month to the competition? I'll pay for everything! ", "That's so nice of you to offer!  I can't get much time off work right now though, the restaurant has been slammed.  Are they hiring at your bookstore by any chance?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "Great, my dog just won his agility class! You?", "That's great I just got another car!", "Nice! I hope it isn't orange, I hate orange.", "No, this one is black, do you go to the gym?", "No, because they all wear fashionable workout wear. I think fashion is dumb.", "I go almost daily just to talk to people", "You do not workout? I work in a bookstore, my mother is dissapointed.", "I workout. I work out of my house so it is fine with my parents", "Oh, I see. My parents kicked me out because I am not using my chemistry degree.", "I do not live at home, mine would like if I was married tho", "Are you dating? I've a tough time dating considering the time with my dog.", "I've never had a long term relationship", "I am sorry, but you'll.", "Hopefully, what is going on with your dog", "I do agility classes with him. We travel to different competitions."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Reginald. I can go by Reggie.", "I have grandchildren. I am relatively old.", "I like dogs."], "partner_persona": ["I have a German Shepard called luke and a pit bull called duke.", "I prefer mustang cars. I own two vintage mustang cars.", "I work as a construction worker. It is my day off. I have a decent wage from my job."], "current_conv": [" You had many nice rides in the mustangs recently? How are the dogs as well?", "They are doing well, I took them to the dog park earlier today. ", "You didn't mention to me that you have a dog.", "I thought I did earlier, sorry about that. Do you have dogs?", "Yes, I adopted a small puppy from the orphanage last week.", "That's so kind. You should take it to the dog park, it would be a lot of fun. ", "Sure. Now that you have mentioned it, can we plan for this weekend?", "Sure, this weekend works. Usually I don't have to work on weekends. ", "That's superb. My puppy will get to meet your dog and i will also get a chance to meet you in person.", "Yes, does your schedule allow that? Or are you busy?", "Sure, I leave work at noon on Saturday. Am very free then till monday when i resume back to work.", "That's awesome! You should invite your grandchildren too."], "history_conv": [["Hello there! I'm reginald, or reggie if you prefer. How are you today?", "Howdy, hey! I'm pretty good", "That's great. I'm doing good as well. The grandkids are coming over later", "That sounds awesome. I'm just washing my cars and my dogs on my day off.", "Oh, I like dogs! What type do you have?", "German shepard named luke and a pit bull named duke", "Should have named bo haha, dunno if you are old enough to get that reference", "I'm and actually thought about that, but I'm a mustang man myself", "Ahhh, that's great, nothing like cruising with the top down on a nice day", "Oh I agree, got two vintage mustangs. They're my babies", "So, it is your day off, huh? What do you do?", "Construction worker, it is good honest work", "Oh, yes, that it is! Pays pretty good too!", "Very much so, good chatting with you"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to have the TV on. I work from home.", "I do not have animals. I go to the fitness center. i like to socialize.", "I am not in a relationship."], "partner_persona": ["I like to have TV in the background.", "I would like to work from home.", "I have a hearing disability.", "I have four cats and one puppy."], "current_conv": ["I learned how to adopt a pet but I am not sure about it yet.", "Oh that is wonderful! Might I recommend adopting a cocker Spaniel dog? They are a fabulous breed. ", "I have looked at those, they are really cute. What do you like about them?", "They are energetic but not tiring, and they are very loyal to their owners.  And yes, they are cute as a mutton Butt.", "Ha! I will definitely look into them. How are your pets doing?", "You know it's funny but I want another one. I just have so much fun with them that I and constantly trying to justify ways to add another little pup or kitten to the mix. I guess I'm a regular dr. Doolittle. ", "That would be awesome. What are you looking for, another cat, or a dog?", "Well can you keep a secret? I have been taking a fancy to exotic birds. I was thinking about a colorful parrot. You know, the kind that lives 50 or 60 years", "That sounds really cool. Do they need to have a lot of space so they can fly around, or do they prefer smaller spaces?", "I must admit I have not thought that far ahead. I suppose it's unfair to keep a pet bird in a cage. I surely do not know why the caged bird sings", "Some birds are ok in cages, I guess if you did your research you could find one that would work out. I just hope your cats wouldn't take too much of an interest in it. :)", "I really appreciate your positive attitude. That type of thing is getting hard and harder to find these days it seems"], "history_conv": [["Good evening. How are you?", "Hey there, I am doing well, and you?", "Doing ok. Watching way to much television tonight.", "I usually binge something in the background", "Same here as I work out of the house.", "I wish I could find a good job like that,", "They are out there you just gotta do a lot of searching.", "Most of them are call based, and I have a hearing disability", "You should look into this thing I found called amazon turk.", "Well, that's about it. Not enough to live on", "Depends on what the requesters offer.", "Either way, not enough to live on. Do you have any animals?", "I do not. I go to the fitness center but mostly to socialize.", "I've four cats and a puppy, they're my everything", "I should get a cat. I don't really have steady relationships.", "They are so much more worth it than a relationship"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My parents have no money to give me. I want to try window shopping. I live with foster parents who are poor. I lost my biological parents.", "My last birthday celebration was when I was 3 years old."], "partner_persona": ["I like hiking and watching the sunset.", "I turned 18 yesterday. I just got a pet fish as a birthday present from my parents.", "My favorite color is orange.", "My boyfriend broke up with me two months ago. I feel sad about my breakup. My boyfriend left me suddenly and he is weird."], "current_conv": ["How is your pet fish? What kind of fish is it?", "I got a betta fish. It is a so pretty and bright colors. I wish I could send a picture for you to see. ", "I would like that. I can't afford a fish myself.", "I'm sorry have you tried looking for a job to help out.", "Yeah but it's hard because I don't have a car and I'm far from public transportation.", "That's sucks. If I lived closer I would help you get to and from work.", "That's nice. Thank you. Are you going to college?", "Yes, still down about my break up. Can't wait to get to college and meet new people and get over him.", "I hear ya. Relationships are tough. I like being alone better.", "Being alone is nice then I don't have to worry about making sure the other person doesn't mind if I do something. ", "And you avoid making some else responsible for your self-esteem. That's what I always end up doing.", "Very true my self-esteem has been 100% since we break up."], "history_conv": [["Is window shopping fun to do?", "Yeah, but I prefer spending my time hiking and watch the sunset.", "I just wanted to try it because my parents have no money to give me", "I just got a pet fish for my 18th birthday yesterday from my parents.", "My last birth day celebration was when am 3 years old.", "You should celebrate more. What is your favorite color? Mine is orange!", "My parents who adopted after losing my biological ones are poor.", "Ah I feel you, my boyfriend broke up with me two months ago and I am sad.", "What reason did he give you for breaking up with you?", "He gave me no reason, he just left and didn't even text me!", "Sorry, think he is not fit for you with his weird characters.", "Yeah he was weird, anyways I gotta go soon see ya!", "Okay god will make every thing alright for you", "Thank you, have a nice day, bye!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I will apply at the Italian restaurant.", "I like country music. I like basketball. I like team sports. I play basketball.", "I have a sister. She did gymnastics.", "I like garlic bread."], "partner_persona": ["I know an Italian restaurant that needs servers.", "I like sports. I like gymnastics. I like team sports.", "I like Italian food. I like garlic bread.", "I work out."], "current_conv": ["I stopped in about that server job.", "Oh really? How did that go?", "I think the interview went well.  I mentioned my love of garlic bread, which seemed to help.  The owner also had a daughter who was in gymnastics with my sister back in the day, so hopefully that all helps.", "Haha! That's funny. Great job. And believe me, there's plenty of leftover garlic bread so they'll appreciate it not going to waste!", "Good thing that we both keep active since we eat so many carbs.  How's the new cardio regimen been working for you?", "It's been going well thanks! Feels good to get into a rhythm with it. How's basketball been going?", "I tweaked my hamstring the other day in a pickup game with some guys down at the gym.  And of course we were playing the team full of mouthy Yankees fans.  I'm so glad you don't root for them!  How is your team doing in the standings?", "That sucks, I'm so sorry! I hope you feel better soon. We've definitely had better years but as long as we're not at the very bottom I'll take it, haha!", "I hear ya.  You should try being from Chicago and a Cubs fan...bottom of the heap every year, World Series champs, then back to the bottom of the division.  I swear if sports were a country song, Cubs fans would lose their job, their girl, their dog, and their truck.", "Hahaha oh ain't that the truth! Living life the hard way, that's for sure. Builds character and all that, I guess. Or at least makes the winning all the sweeter when it finally happens.", "That's very true.  No matter what sport you play or team you cheer for, that's the lesson you learn.  I learned that early in life playing basketball, baseball and soccer.", "I definitely wish I'd done more sports as a kid. Team sports are so much more than just playing with other people. You learn so much about others and yourself."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Do you know any restaurants hiring?", "Hello! I just went to this great italian place that needs servers.", "Perfect! I'll go apply. I might bring my sister too.", "Great! What activities do you like to do outside of work?", "I like to listen to country music and play sports. You?", "I also love sports! Gymnastics is my favorite.", "I prefer basketball. Team sports are fun.", "Agreed. Even though gymnastics is an individual event, it is a team sport.", "That is true. My sister used to do gymnastics.", "That is great! I'd love to talk to her about it sometime.", "That would be awesome. You could come by the restaurant if you like italian.", "Great idea! I love italian food, especially garlic bread.", "Me too! We could split a basket!", "Definitely! After a four hour workout, bring on the bread!", "I'll need the carbs to have energy for basketball!", "What position do you play?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I moved to Alaska not that long ago. I moved to Alaska for a life change. I love Alaska. My parents first movie together was Cliffhanger.", "I quit my jobs. I have no job. I'm pursuing my spirituality full time.", "I studied Buddhism. I meditate daily.", "I previously lived in a warm environment. I'm not used to the cold.", "I work out daily."], "partner_persona": ["I visited Alaska not that long ago. I love Alaska.", "I was a double in the movie Cliffhanger 2. I have a day job. I had a small part in Cliffhanger 2.", "I read a lot about meditation and religions.", "I eat kosher food.", "I have a strong body. I do stunt work."], "current_conv": ["What do you do for your day job?", "Like I said, I do stunt work.  Are you feeling more at peace now that you are in Alaska?", "Stunt work must be very exciting. I'm at peace but still struggling with the weather", "Hopefully it will warm up soon. I have seen beautiful pictures of Alaska in the summer.  So many wildflowers!  I imagine there are some fabulous trails to hike.  What do you do for your daily workouts?", "Yes. I look forward to Summer. I do high intensity interval training for my daily workouts and a bit of yoga", "I like HIIT training.  I feel like I accomplish a lot in a relatively short amount of time. I hope you'll soon be able to move your yoga outside onto a deck. Seems like that would be zen.", "I can't wait .I do need more activities to help me fill my time. Maybe i could learn more about other religions", "That would be very interesting!  I would bet it is fairly easy to find online comparative religion courses from various universities or even community colleges.", "Yes, I'm sure there a many sources. The research itself should keep me busy. Do you recommend any religions? ", "I have friends of all different religions and there are parts of each that resonate with me and other parts that leave me thinking \"um, what?\" ha ha  For me I find a general peaceful and accepting nature to be the way to live.  It allows me to be receptive to different ideas. Were you raised in a particular faith?", "Yes .I was raised Catholic but I'd love to continue my spiritual journey but learning about many more religions.", "I was raised Christian and it is difficult for my family to see me exploring other faiths.  They don't understand why I am curious and feel I am turning on them by asking questions."], "history_conv": [["Good day to you! It is a overcast day here in alaska.", "Hello! I was just in alaska not too long ago.", "It is a beautiful place to be. I came here not too long ago.", "They're filming cliffhanger 2 and I was there briefly as a double.", "My parents first movie together was cliffhanger! I moved for a life change.", "Interesting. I did a small part but had to return to my day job.", "I up and quit my jobs. I am pursuing my spirituality full time. Alaska rocks!", "Yes, it does. Feed your body and mind well and you'll be strong!", "Yes! I studied buddhism first before I practicing. I meditate daily.", "I read a lot on meditation and religions. What will you study next?", "Right now I should be learning how to survive winters here. Not used to cold.", "The food there's not as kosher as I would like it. Try working out.", "The food is taking getting used to. I do work out daily.", "Good. A strong body has always served me well in the stunt world."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not like sports. I play 6 instruments.", "I have a boyfriend.", "I volunteer at a homeless shelter. I teach piano to homeless people.", "My father was a professional violinist."], "partner_persona": ["I go to basketball practice.", "I have an older sister. I am going to hear Travis Scott.", "My mother is a dentist and volunteers at a clinic.", "I am looking for a job at a restaurant."], "current_conv": ["How is the job search going? Any luck?", "I was lucky enogh to get a 4 hour shift at a dinner where my mum often goes to.", "Congrats! Do you and your mom get along?", "Sure, my mom is my best friend and loves volunteering like you. You will love her when you meet someday", "I mostly volunteer because of my Faith, not because I enjoy it so much.", "What do you enjoy doing? ", "My great passion is playing piano.", "Wow, my older sister is excited to learn how to play a piano. She would love to see you play", "Actually I don't really like to perform in front of people. I just teach it and play for myself.", "Do you think you can offer classes to her?", "If she doesn't live to far away.", "Actually we live 3 blocks away from the homeless shelter."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "I am good. About to go to basketball practice.", "I do not like sports. I play six instruments.", "Wow, that's amazing. What are you doing tonight?", "Getting ready to have dinner with my boyfriend.", "I'm going with my older sister to hear travis scott.", "Who is that? I came back from the homeless shelter I volunteer at.", "He is a music artist. That's nice of you to volunteer.", "I teach some of them how to play piano. They welcome the structure.", "I bet they do. My mom is a dentist and sometimes volunteers at the clinic.", "Very nice. My dad was a professional violinist.", "So it is in your genes as they say.", "It is. Are you a dentist?", "No, I am trying to find a job. I applied at some restaurants."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have housewarming baby shower.", "We are in Georgia. I have kids. I have a new house.", "I've never been to a real horse ranch before."], "partner_persona": ["I have horses. I  have some chili.", "I live in Kentucky.", "I live on a horse ranch. I love riding. I have 3 Aabian horses named Siegfried, Beowulf, and Hector."], "current_conv": ["We want to invite you to our future baptism. What do you think?", "That's sounds great!  Is the baby a boy or a girl?", "A boy! But as long as baby is healthy that's all we care about. We were going to leave it a surprise but then realized it made planning the shower and baptism a little difficult.", "Congratulations!  I would love to have your family come to my horse ranch in Kentucky.  I'm sure you would enjoy meeting my horses!", "I would love that! I wish I learnt to ride horses when I was a kid, so the earlier I can get mine used to it the better.", "Kids tend to fall in love with horses and it becomes a life-long passion.  That's what happened to me!", "I would love that to happen. Although I'd need to buy some land if my kids ever wanted their own horses, that's for sure!", "Does your new house have a lot of land?  Maybe you could keep a horse there.", "Sadly not. We have a good sized yard, but it wouldn't be fair to keep a horse or two on it. ", "There are some other options.  I used to keep my three horses in a rented stable until we bought our farm.", "Oh really? You'll have to tell me more. That seems like it could be a good middle ground, especially as I only JUST bought this house!", "It is a great option and the best part is, that the stable will also help you take care of your horses when you're not around!"], "history_conv": [["I am so hungry I could eat anything.", "Me too, just got done feeding my horses and have some chili cooking", "Send me over a pot of that chili. Eating for three here!", "Eating for three? Are you having twins?!", "You bet. The other tellers are throwing me a housewarming baby shower. Come on over.", "Well I can certainly bring the chili then! What part of the country you in?", "We are in georgia and my kids are out there chasing lightning bugs.", "I'm in kentucky myself, so kind of far", "Would still be nice to have you over at the new house. You'll love it.", "New house? That is exciting. I live on a horse ranch", "I've never been to a real horse ranch before. What is it like?", "I love riding so its great. Have 3 arabians myself", "Do they have names and would you show my children how to ride?", "They do. Siegfried, beowulf, and hector. And absolutely.", "I'll have my hands full so anything to keep the older ones busy will be great", "Could always have them help me tend the fields, would keep them busy"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I teach 9th grade. I am a woman.", "I am a gardener and hiker. I like to hike with my dogs at the park.", "I do not like dogs, i like parrots. i bring my parrots with me to the gym."], "partner_persona": ["I do not hike.", "I do not like dogs.", "I only have time for the gym."], "current_conv": ["I found a gym near you that allows parrots if you want to check it out", "No way! I can't believe that's even a thing! Of course I'd like to check it out!", "Yes I was shocked when I found out as well!  I agree, lets go next week to check it out.", "Sounds good. I need a good workout anyway, and a change of scenery sounds excellent. I just hope the birds aren't too loud!", "They shouldn't be to loud!  Hey, maybe now you can get a parrot since they let them into the gym.  That way we can still workout but our parrots can hang out also.", "That's an idea, lol. Don't parrots live a really long time? I'm not sure if I'm ready for that responsibility!", "It's a huge responsibility but so totally worth it!  When you feel ready to get one I will help you learn how to care for it.  Have you gone to the gym today?  Since I can't make it to the gym, I think I will go for a hike.", "That's a good idea. I'd come with you but I hate hiking, lol. I just know I'll fall and injure myself, and then that's my workouts over!", "I understand!  I would have invited you but I knew you wouldn't come because you don't like dogs either.  I am going to work on getting you to warm up to dogs though lol", "That's fair. And I'm definitely more open to a dog than a parrot, lol!", "Well I am happy to hear that.  Honestly, I need to grade my students homework before I even attempt this hike though.  ", "Good idea to get that done first. You definitely won't be in the mood to do it afterwards!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am teaching at a school right now. How are you?", "Teaching? What grade? I am good just getting in my daily gym session.", "9th graders. I'm a woman teacher.", "Well that's certainly interesting. Almost lunch time, I only eat when I'm bored though.", "I would be eating all the time then haha! I am a gardener and hiker.", "Where do you like to hike? The only hiking I do is on the treadmill.", "I like hiking to dog parks with my dogs", "Ew, dogs! Do not like them, only thing in common is short hair!", "Ya I do not like dogs either. I prefer parrots.", "Parrots? That's quite exotic, I only have time for the gym anymore.", "Sometimes I bring my parrots to the gym while I lift weights.", "Wow I've never heard of a gym that allows parrots, must be nice!", "Ya, they supply cages and smaller weights for the birds.", "That's hard to imagine, all I can see is them pulling at my short hair.", "You can buy little muzzles for them so they do not do that.", "That right there's a brilliant idea, I am going to make dinner now, I am bored."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to have cancer.", "I have been in remission for six years.", "I like to sew costumes. I love to quilt.", "I have never been to New York.", "I am retired from serving in the air force.", "I take classes."], "partner_persona": ["My father had cancer.", "I like to sew.", "I am from New York.", "I went to school at Yale. I plant to go to business school. School is important to me."], "current_conv": ["I just got a new sewing machine!", "Oh awesome! Do you have any costumes in mind that you are going to work on?", "I am excited! I do not have one picked out yet, any ideas for me? I would love a new challenging costume to try! ", "I think something really extravagant would be fun! Something like Marie Antoinette would be a challenge! I need to hop back on the sewing wagon, I have just been so busy looking at business schools.", "That is a great idea. I will look for a costume pattern with that in mind. You should get back into sewing, it may help manage the stress of looking for a school! Any front runners on the school search?", "No not yet. I keep looking at schools up north when I really need to be looking at school down south where it is warm! I think I might do some sort of embroidery project since I do not have the time to dedicate to a full pattern.  ", "Going to school in the warm weather sounds like a good call if you ask me! I sure enjoy embroidery as well. I love the attention to detail that is needed. Sure helps me relax. ", "It's true! Does your sewing machine have any new features? ", "Yes it does, and honestly I have some learning to do! I need to read the manual so I can use it to its full potential. I can even hook it up to the computer to download embroidery patterns. ", "Oh wow! I can't believe all the things that are possible today! It would be really interesting to embroider the same pattern as the machine and see how much faster the machine is! ", "That is a fun idea. I may have to challenge myself with that next. I will send you picture of both, and you can tell me how I did compared to the machine. ", "That sounds like a grand idea! I am sure your hand stitched one will have more heart. Do you have a favorite kind of quilt? I love crazy quilts! I hope to see some historic ones at the textile museum. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "I am well. How is the evening going for you?", "It is going okay, I'm in remission so every day is a blessing.", "That is great news! How long have you been in remission?", "Six years now. I taught myself to sew when I was diagnosed.", "My father had cancer a few years ago. He's an avid sewer as well.", "Very cool. What does he sew? I like to do costumes.", "He sews quilts and in my spare time I sew as well.", "I love to quilt, I do not do as much as I'd like.", "That is too bad. I grew up in new york and needed warmth from quilts..", "I've never been to new york, is it very cold there?", "Yes it can be, thankfully I left and went to school at yale.", "I am retired from the air force.", "Cool! I have graduated from yale and looking forward to business school soon.", "That's nice you are going to school. I take classes here and there.", "School is important to me and my parents especially since I'm just starting out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to dance.", "I used to live in fear before I came to the US. I was born and raised in Somalia. I was forced to marry as a kid. my parents were mean. my aunt helped me escape when i was 13.", "I do not like lions."], "partner_persona": ["I pump gas.", "I like movies. I am scared of clowns.", "I am single.", "I am adopted, my parents are old."], "current_conv": ["Why are you afraid of clowns", "I am not sure! It is really pretty irrational. Do you have any fears?", "Cockroaches and silverfish. And apathy. And Republicans.", "Oh I like bugs! The other two I agree. What if you met a really empathetic silverfish? ", "Won't happen. Silverfish are evil. Evil beings don't have any empathy. I do like other bugs. Spiders are cool.", "Ha ha fair fair! I always find really big wolf spiders here at the station! I always trap them in a cup and let them free outside. ", "Do they thank you for giving them their freedom?", "No not yet.... but maybe one day I will be thanking them for giving me my freedom.", "How would the wolf spiders you release give you your freedom? I don't understand.", "Maybe one day I will be trapped somewhere and they will free me because I was kind to them in the past. ", "That makes sense. What is your favorite movie of all time?", "I think it would have to be Fargo. What about you?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How is your day going?", "Good. My job rocks. I pump gas!", "Nice! What do you do after work? I like dancing.", "I watch movies. But not it. Clowns terrify me", "Sorry to hear. I used to live in fear before I came to the united states.", "If you are afraid of something bury it in the garden", "Wish I could. Born and bred in somalia, where I was forced to marry as a kid.", "Are you married. I'm single and always get set up on blind dates,", "Not yet. I need some time to get over my ordeal.", "I am adopted. My parents are very old.", "My parents were mean. So my aunt assisted with my escape when I was 13.", "I am going to the circus tonight. I hope the lions eat the clowns", "What? That'sn't very good, you know!", "I'm afraid of clowns so the jaws of lions can save me", "I do not like lions very much. They kill people.", "Then I can shake hands with them, and thank them for the service"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play chess.", "I've been to a nascar race.", "I am 32 years old. I work in banking. I am single.", "I have 2 dogs: a frenchie and a portuggese water dog. I used to have a shepard mix."], "partner_persona": ["I do not play chess.", "I like to watch nascar. My dad was a nascar driver.", "I work for the US Postal Service.", "I am married. I have a german shepard named Barnby.", "My favorite color is grey."], "current_conv": ["I just entered into a chess tournament! Want to come watch?", "I might be able to, but there are some races coming up. When is your tournament?", "On friday night at the golf club opposite the dog park", "Friday night is the big race with Jeff Gordon. He's my favorite driver. If they can televise the race at the golf club, I might be able to do both. How has work been?", "Sure, there is a big screen mounted at the bar. Work has been great, many people are taking mortgage.how about your work?", "Work is okay. I am taking a vacation soon though. Does your work give you time off for vacation?", "Sure, we get upto three weeks maximum. Where are you going for vacation?", "Daytona beach. That way I can catch a race in person and my wife gets to go to the beach. ", "That is a great fit. I should consider it for my next vacation. Maybe i will meet someone there at the beach", "You never know. They might have dogs to play with your dogs too. ", "I usually leave my dogs when going for vacation, it's too much work travelling with them. Do yo uusally take yours with you?", "Barnby loves car rides so we take him everywhere. I get it since you have two and portugese water dogs are quite sizable. Maybe you can rent a larger SUV"], "history_conv": [["Hey! Have you ever played chess over a chat?", "No I've never played over chat before.", "Do you play chess? I guess I should have asked that first.", "No, I watch nascar though. My father used to drive.", "That's cool. I've been to one race, how old are you?", "I'm 30. How old are you? What do you do for work?", "I'm thirty two. I work in the banking industry, boring.", "I work for the us postal service. It is pretty boring as well.", "One of the hottest and most intelligent men I know worked as a mail man!", "Your husband? Do you have any pets?", "No, I am single? You? Yes. I've two dogs.", "I am married. I've a german shepherd named barnby.", "I used to have a shepard mix now I have a frenchie and portugese water dog.", "Sounds cute. Barnby has a grey collar and leash my favorite color."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a retired veteran. I am addicted to gambling.", "I like to grill.", "I am moving to the south soon."], "partner_persona": ["I am a finance graduate from Yale.", "I like beer."], "current_conv": ["I am in Florida in the south now!", "That's awesome! How are you liking the change?", "I love the palm trees, ocean breezes and tiny bikinis. Not necessarily in that order! How are you doing?", "What's not to love about all that. I am doing well. Thank you for asking", "You're my only Ivy Leagued educated friend. Most of the people I hang out with barely graduated from high school.", "University or college isn't for everyone. I get by with help from my friends and with an occasional beer every now and then of course", "You're being modest. I know that you must have worked hard to get where you are. Either that or your parents donated a building or something.", "All that hard work is nothing compared to you serving our country. I'm proud of you, man", "SInce we're in the trust tree. I never even left the country when I was in the army. I was a cook.", "Hey more power to you. Is that were you got your awesome grilling skills from?", "Exactly. You should see me peel a potato! What are you good at?", "I'm good with math! I may not understand women, but I sure can understand numbers"], "history_conv": [["Just finished mowing the lawn on this nice sunny day, how are you?", "Hi. I am well how are you? Tell me about yourself.", "Well not much just a retired veteran addicted to gambling. You?", "I am a finance graduate from yale. I could invest your earning", "That sounds great, I would invest it in a futuristic grill!", "Haha. So you are into grilling cooking?", "Nothing like a grill with your friends and family!", "True with a cold beer.", "Sorry I have to go soon man, winter is coming and I gotta move south.", "Lol good luck with that", "It was nice chatting with you, I will think about that investment!", "Definitely man. Cheers to you and yours and get some help with the gambling.", "Ok, take care my man, I will go now, see ya!", "You need money to make money so really think about that help", "I will for sure think about that investment, cheers again my man!", "Take care my and be safe on your move"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like exploring the city.", "I don't exercise a lot.", "I like classical music. I play lots of instruments. My father plays the violin. I can play the violin, piano, guitar, bass and drums.", "I teach piano."], "partner_persona": ["I go to the gym and lot.", "I like going to the city. I have two dogs.", "I like using rowing machines and the treadmill.", "I like punk rock. I'd like to learn how to play an instrument."], "current_conv": ["My father is giving me one of his old violins, it's probably worth a fortune.", "That's really cool! I've always wanted to learn an instrument, is the violin an easy one to learn?", "It was not easy for me.  I am a product of extensive practice and training I feel.  Some people have a great deal of natural talent though.", "I have a very disciplined personality which I usually apply to working out.  Hopefully that will help me when I try to learn an instrument.", "I think it will.  You also need to find a reputable teacher though.  Try to avoid people who describe themselves as \"self-taught\".  I would prioritize finding a teacher with respectable training.", "That's great advice.  Which instrument do you think is the best for a beginner to learn?", "I would recommend learning the piano first.  I would start with a keyboard before an actual piano though, as the cost and size of a real piano are quite a commitment.", "I really love punk rock.  Have you ever tried to play that style of music?", "I mainly focus on classical music.  I am open to trying punk rock though, I would love to expand my repertoire of musical proficiency from just classical.  Perhaps this would allow me to focus more on my guitar playing as well.", "I visit the city a lot and hear all kinds of music when I'm there.  Do you draw any inspiration from trips to the city?", "Yes. I have been to Carnegie hall before, which is basically the Mecca of classical music.  I have drawn most of my musical inspiration from concerts performed there.", "That's really cool.  I've always wanted to go to Carnegie Hall.  I'm not sure I could sit through a classical music concert though."], "history_conv": [["What are you doing tonight?", "I will probably go to the gym! I go almost everyday", "I get most of my exercise exploring the city", "Oh that's interesting! I love going to the city to walk my two dogs!", "That is great. Do you do anything else besides work out?", "Not really. My favorite machines are the treadmill and rowing machines", "I am not much of an exercise junkie. I'd rather play music", "I listen to music while working out!", "What kind of music do you like the most?", "I love punk rock music. What about you?", "I'm more of a classical person. I play a ton of instruments", "What type of instruments do you play?", "I play violin, like my father. I also play piano, guitar, bass, drums", "Awesome! I do not really play instruments but that would be neat to learn!", "I teach piano actually, on the side", "Oh cool! Do you have many students?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been to the beach on vacation. I like the summer. I want to learn to dance.", "I visited Santa Monica in 1989.", "I reach a 5th grade class. Being a teacher is hard work.", "I like board games. I like Monopoly."], "partner_persona": ["I take dance lessons every week.", "I have visited Santa Monica when I was young in 1989. I love the beach.", "I listened to New Kids on the Block when I was younger.", "I like board games. I have brothers.", "I work the night shift at a retail food store."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever learned to dance the Argentine tango at your weekly lessons?", "Tango yes, Argentine tango no... sounds intriguing! With bellydance classes, they mention location too, Egyptian, etc. Do you dance Argentine tango, and what is distinct about it?", "No, but I would like to learn how to dance it. I have Argentinian ancestors, that's why I asked.", "Ah, that makes sense. I am looking forward to a few outdoor concerts, love dancing in the summer air with live music. Any summer plans coming up?", "I'm thinking about taking another trip. I haven't visited the beach in a while so maybe somewhere by the ocean. What concerts are you looking forward to?", "We have a few big concert festivals where I live, that have been going for decades. Blues is a feature, although they have many cultures to explore. Love having options. Where's your next trip destination, possibly? ", "I might want to revisit California. It's been so long. When is the last time you went?", "California is great! I'm listening to a series on Humbolt County right now, so many characters in a fertile, beautiful landscape. It's been 3 years since I've been to California. Redwoods for sure in the future. That coast drive is beautiful!", "Where can I listen to that series? I've been trying to find something to listen to on my daily commute to work", "The series is called \"Grown Local\" with Billy Wayne Davis, and they talk to local cannabis growers, about their history in the area. It makes me want to visit, as the forest sounds lovely, and the coast. If you have podcast recommendations, I'm listening!", "I listen religiously to Trevor Noah's Podcast, but I have been looking to branch out. So thank you for the recommendation, I'll look into it!", "Trevor Noah is a solid performer, and I sometimes watch his YouTube feed, which I think is the same content as the pod. Stephen Colbert too, they both are doing great work now, you think?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "Great, so far. Just got back from my weekly dance lessons sore!", "Oh that's cool, I wanted to learn to dance for my vacation to the beach", "We stayed at santa monica when I was seven, in 1989. I love the beach!", "Wow that was the same year I went and saw up live it was amazing", "Funny how music sticks in your head depending on where you are.", "Yea like when I am teaching my 5th grade class and I just think about summer", "Me, 1989 making lite brite pictures while listening to new kids on the block shriek!", "Do you like board game too? I feel like we have a lot in common", "Stratego, and battleship! I used to beat my brothers both.", "I like to play monopoly the other two are just to hard", "Your being a teacher is hard work. I'm just in retail food store, night shift.", "Yea it is hard both my teachers are as well so I had to be one", "Well, very nice meeting you! I have got to get dressed for work! Bye!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am overweight.", "I work at a nursing home.", "My wife left me and took our children. I am very sad to have lost my wife and kids.My wife is in a new relationship.", "I don't believe in god."], "partner_persona": ["I own a BMW.", "I spent time in Manhattan when I was younger. I used to walk a lot.", "I work in finance. I graduated from Yale in 2011. I am planning to go to business school."], "current_conv": ["How do you like your BMW? I'm thinking of getting a new car to cheer myself up.", "I love my new car! You should go down to the dealership and test drive some out! Even if you don't end up buying one it would be great fun.", "I hear that. I'd like to drive by my ex's house and see what she's up to.", "I don't know if a BMW is a very good stalking car. ", "What does a good stalking car look like? And where can I get one?", "These are thing I cannot answer unfortunately. You should get a BMW so you can score with new ladies! Have you been out on the dating scene at all?", "No, overweight people who work at nursing homes aren't very lucky with the ladies. What about you? Are you with someone?", "Yes... I am dating a wonderful nurse who is also overweight. Maybe your low self esteem is what drove your wife away.", "Maybe. Her new boyfriend is pretty cocky. But I hate cocky people.", "Yeah I don't like cocky people either, which is pretty weird since I own a BMW. ", "Ha! I own a Prius, which fits my low self-esteem.", "I saw a bumper sticker that said \"cool prius\"- nobody. It made me laugh! Do you have any pets?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there. How are you doing?", "Doing fine just got home from a sunday ride on a monday in my bmw", "Haha that works. I am slightly overweight, and I hate it", "You should think of walking. When I was younger I walked around manhattan.", "Good idea. I try to walk a lot at the nursing home where I work.", "I work in finance. In 2011 I graduated yale", "Congrats. Big accomplishment. That is awesome", "Business school is what I plan to do next year", "I feel down since my wife walked out with my kids.", "I'm sure you are missing them sorry.", "Every second, of every day. They were and are my world", "Maybe you could reconcile with your wife", "I tried. She found someone else, and I just want her happy.", "That is nice of you to want her happy.", "I meant my vows, even if I do not actually believe in god.", "Well maybe you'll meet someone new in a while"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to drink fancy tea. I like honey in my tea.", "I love fish.", "I work as a tour guide in a museum. I have been giving museum tours for 3 years.", "I am partly deaf."], "partner_persona": ["I have a pet fish named Nemo. My fish is a boy.", "I like museums. I have an ex.", "I love the color orange. I like to eat oranges. My fish is orange and black.", "I am 18 years old."], "current_conv": ["How is Nemo doing, is he adjusting to his new life in your house?", "yes ,he is happy , would you like to visit me and see Nemo ?", "I would love to visit, but it will have to be in a few months; the museum will be getting busier with field trips soon. Have you set up an aquarium for Nemo?", "no problem I will be waiting you when you are ready , yes I set up a pretty orange aquarium . what do think about the color ?", "I like orange a lot, especially together with other Fall colors like brown and yellow. Are there other fish in the aquarium? Or is it all for Nemo?", "I bought two other fishes , but Nemo is the oldest one ,he is friendly ,I think you love him very much ", "Watching fish is so peaceful and relaxing. I recently read an article that said many fish can respond to music; have you tried playing music for yours?", "no, I did not know about it but I think it will be a funny idea , what kind of music do you think that Nemo will like ?", "Maybe you should try classical music first, or something else that is slow and soothing.", "good Idea , I would like to try it when you visit me and drink fancy tea while watching Nemo", "That sounds like fun! I can bring a few of my favorite tea blends; I have an orange spiced tea that I am sure you would love.", "wow , great idea .. you made me happy , we will talk again an decide the visit time "], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you tonight?", "Hello. My pet fish and I are fine. You?", "What do you call your fish? I am drinking fancy tea", "His name is nemo! What fancy tea are you drinking?", "Nemo, I love him already. Its a tea mix, green and black.", "The tea sounds cool. Is there honey in it?", "I add honey to it, yes. I drink it while running museum tours.", "Museum tours? Sounds exciting! I used to visit museums with my ex.", "Yes, I am a little deaf but can still do them.", "How long have you been doing them?", "3 years, what do you do for fun?", "I like all things orange! It is a hobby and an obsession!", "Orange, that sounds fun! Do you eat oranges?", "Hehe! As a matter of fact, I do! And guess what colour my pet fish is?", "I am guessing orange and black?", "Correct! I got it for my 18th yesterday!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't like the color orange.", "I like dancing on weekend.", "I do not like fashion.", "I like doing chemistry. I like Travis Scott.", "I work in a bookstore."], "partner_persona": ["I play basketball.", "My favorite rapper is Travis Scott.", "My mom is a dentist.", "I am unemployed. I am applying for jobs at restaurants.", "I love to read."], "current_conv": ["We just got in a new book that I just read and I think you would like it. ", "Tell me about the book.  What is it?", "It was clearing up the myth of the big bang and the creation of this universe. I am sure you would like that book, so have you had any success with finding the job?", "That book sounds great!  As for work, I got a call back for Les Francois Eatery about an hour ago for an interview.  I have it scheduled for Friday.  Wish me luck!  ", "Well I am sure they have found something interesting in your resume and got interested. I wish you all the best for the interview, Hope you get this job in first attempt.", "Me too and thanks!  Do you have to work on Friday?", "Well I do two different jobs, for my regular I don't work on Friday but I do another part-time work on Friday. Would you be working on weekends for this job?", "It looks like it, though I guess I will hear more during the interview.  I was just wondering if you were free for lunch.  Maybe I will have good news to share, or maybe just a friend to share my misery if I don't get it.", "I would say to be positive for the opportunity and show confidence and you will get this. Unfortunately I have to work on this Friday, but how about write some notes so don't forget when we meet next time to see how things went.", "Absolutely!  Maybe I can borrow that book when we get together too?  I think I also owe you a night of dancing, but we will figure that out!", "Wow that is a good idea and we would have music on from Travis Scott and can have a lovely time.", "Oh yeah!  The \"Place to Be\" club loves to play Travis Scott too, so you know it's going to be lit."], "history_conv": [["Hi! I don't like the color orange.", "Hello. I like to shoot hoops, so orange balls are good with me.", "That's amazing. I like dancing on weekends. You?", "Right now I am applying for jobs, I want to work in a restaurant.", "That is amazing. Good luck. I do not like fashion though.", "I get you, my favorite rapper is pretty stylish, travis scott.", "I totally like travis. I liked doing chemistry too", "Awesome. My mom wanted to be a chemist, but ended up a dentist! Go figure!", "It seems to be hard to be a chemist. What do you do?", "Unemployed at the moment, I really want to work at a snazzy restaurant.", "You will get it. Do not worry. I now work in a nice bookstore.", "I love to read. I'd rack up a big bill working in a bookstore.", "That is really amazing. I hope you have a nice future.", "You too! Here is to a bright future! Cheers!", "Thank you so much. Have fun.", "I will and you do the same."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a sister. I love classical music.", "I love anything that is red, especially tractors.", "I like to drive tractors.", "I get paid to pole dance. I go by Dirty Red. I made enough money for the cost of college by pole dancing."], "partner_persona": ["I am a high school student and I just won Homecoming Queen.", "I do track and field in school. I want to start racing for charity. I enjoy running, and hope to run a 5k this year.", "I listen to classical music while doing homework. I am currently getting straight A's.", "I want to save my money for college. I do not have a tractor. I want to be a physical therapist."], "current_conv": ["Have you found a charity race to sign up for?", "I believe so. I have a couple I'm looking at for the summer time.", "Do you have any other summer plans?", "I plan on going to the beach the week before the charity race. I've also looked at doing a race while ", "Do you enjoy running at the beach? ", "I do! It's weird getting used to running on the sand tho!", "I imagine the wet sand would be easier to run on than dry sand though", "Oh most def. The dry sand is almost impossible. I do good to walk on it haha", "I would go to the beach if it was closer and if I could take a break from work, but the money is addicting"], "history_conv": [["My sister and I love classical music and we pole dance. Call me dirty red.", "Hello dirty red, I am a high school student. I just won homecoming queen!", "Great! I love anything red especially tractors. Wink wink!", "I enjoy running do you? I hope to run a 5k this year.", "I had to run for my life one time. You ever danced to bach?", "I listen to classical music, when I do my homework. I am currently a straight a student!", "Wow! I get paid to pole dance. Do you get paid to run?", "No I do track and field in school and I want to start racing for charity.", "I see. You own a tractor? I like driving tractors. Wink wink.", "Nope no tractor, I want save my money for college.", "Good for you! You can make your college cost pole dancing. I did.", "Possibly, I want to be a physical therapist", "Great for you! Pole dancing pays more than physical therapy.", "It can be very lucrative"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love music.", "I know Spanish.I enjoy learning languages."], "partner_persona": ["I play softball.", "I have a demanding job in insurance.", "My father served 10 years in the army. My mom is no longer alive."], "current_conv": ["I just started my first French lesson.", "Wow! How is the lesson so far?", "Good! I forgot how difficult it is at the very beginning though. I'm so used to being fluent or at leasy pretty good!", "Yeah, learning a different language is definitely a challenge. Does knowing Spanish help at all with understanding French?", "It actually doesn't. The rules for masculine and feminine are kind of different so I'm having to unlearn some stuff I assumed too soon!", "Oh wow! That sounds really complex! It seems like it would be a real challenge to have to unlearn things you were used to.", "It really is. I know I'll get there though. How is softball going?", "You definitely will get there! Softball is going great! It's really a nice way to relax.", "That's so good to hear! I wish I was sporty. I was always a book nerd, lol.", "Haha, well I wouldn't call myself sporty. It's just something I do in my free time to release stress from the day. ", "Still, if my release was running around rather than sticking my nose in a book I'm sure my respiratory system would be grateful", "Haha, it's never too late to start! Maybe you can find something that combines your love of learning with something more active."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Hello, I am fine thanks and you?", "I am good because I love music and play it all the time", "Ah that is nice! I play softball in my free time.", "Nice, trabajo is my favorite spanish word", "I wish I had time to learn another language, but I am busy with work.", "Yeah I want to study french next", "Since I have been fired from my last job I have been working in insurance", "That's pretty cool! I love to study spanish", "My father is a member of the army, served for 10 years now.", "Wow that is very impressive! Bless your father", "Ever since my mom passed away he has been much more serious about his job", "I am very sorry for your loss", "It is ok, it happened when I was young, thanks anyway.", "Oh ok, well I hope everything is ok!", "Yeah everything is ok now, how about your life?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog and a cat which are getting along. Dog is named roscoe and cat is called mean girl.", "I love partying and watching movies with friends.", "I volunteer at the food bank. I often donate.", "I want to go skydiving but I am afraid."], "partner_persona": ["I am a teacher and waitress and don't have any pets.", "I love mean girl movie.", "My hobby is racing motorbikes.", "I visited food bank."], "current_conv": ["Do you want me to sign you up for food bank volunteering? Of course, if you have some free time", "Maybe this summer when school is out! Right now I am swamped with teaching and waitressing on the weekends. How is life going for you?", "Life is going well so far.  Staying extremely busy at the food bank. It seems more and more people are in need. ", "It is true! I have been seeing more children with food insecurities come through my classroom then ever before! ", "It really is a shame.  How does the school system handle the insecurities?", "There are a lot of kids who qualify for free meals so when school is in session they are getting at least two meals that day (breakfast and lunch). The summers are much harder. On the bright side the school has a new volunteer... a therapy dog kids can read to!", "That's awesome.  What's the dog's name?", "Dr. Woofington McBark! He is 5 years old and is a black lab.", "Dr. Woofington McBark...that's so funny.  I bet the kids love having him around.  Does he sit and listen to them reading?", "He usually lays down and sometimes he listens with his eyes closed, but he still is following the story! Yes the kids love having him around but so do all the teachers! He is such a self esteem boost to the kids struggling with sight words and sounding things out.", "I can imagine.  Dogs are a great comfort and can sense when something isn't right.  I know my Roscoe brightens my day each time I see him.  So loving and caring. ", "What kind of dog is he? "], "history_conv": [["Hi there! Do you have any pets?", "I'm a teacher and waitress. I'm gone from home too much to have pets.", "Bummer. I have a puppy and a kitten. They get along.", "What are the names of your pets?", "Mean girl is the cat, after my favorite movie, and roscoe the dog.", "I love that movie! Do you remember the part where she rides a motorbike?", "Haha! Yes! I love to have parties and watch the movie with friends.", "Is movies your favorite hobby? I race motorbikes for fun.", "I volunteer at the food bank. I'd like to skydive but I cannot.", "I've been there to get food. I've to waitress to supplement my income.", "They have some great food. I often donate and take things from there myself.", "Thank you for what you do. You are generous and kind.", "Thanks! I do what I can.", "Why have you not been skydiving?", "I just about faint when I climb a ladder. I cannot imagine a plane.", "Do not be afraid. It is exhilarating! The adrenaline rush can not be described in words."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet fish.", "My favorite color is orange.", "I just broke up with my boyfriend.", "I am 18."], "partner_persona": ["I am rich. I eat off golden plates.", "My favorite color is green."], "current_conv": ["Have you bought any Bitcoin with your money?", "I have bought bitcoin. Just for fun though. I am nervous about it and it is not my main method of investment. Do you own any?", "No as its a pretty big leap for me to invest my money just yet. Now that I'm single I need to focus on life and work. How did you come to make your fortune? ", "I made my money through investing mostly in real estate. Buy your first house and rent it out. Let your roommates pay your mortgage and then save up to buy another house to rent and repeat. You own the house someone else pays the debt.", "Very true and smart. The first step is being able to buy the house with little to no work to be done. A turnkey so to speak.", "No expect a little work. Make it livable. People who rent generally aren't looking for all the amenities. They want and affordable place to live that is safe and comfortable. Provide that", "Ok I understand, then the next step is having two houses or own one and rent it then rent somewhere else. That's where is can be tricky as far as affording both between renters.", "It can be. make sure you have enough cash to float you to the next renter, but other than that it is on autopilot. Do you think you will buy a house soon now?", "Maybe, the market is great for that right now so trying to be approved for a home loan first. My credit is not bad, but also not great.", "FHA loans are available for 0 down. they will still look at your income to debt ratio as the most important thing, but it is easy to be approved and then it will actually increase your credit while someone else makes payments on your debt. Just find a roommate.", "Will do since my fish isn't bring in any money. Nobody wants to pay to see him.", "exactly and you are young, so think about it this way too every dollar you earn is worth 2-3 times as much as each dollar I earn when invested."], "history_conv": [["Hey. What is your favorite color?", "I'm so rich I eat off of golden plates", "I guess you can afford more than my pet fish!", "My favorite color is green, for dolla dolla bill", "That's funny mine us orange.", "I can afford you and everything you own,", "Well, I did just breakup with my boyfriend so I'm free.", "I heard some bad things about you so I will have to pass", "Oh dear, I've only just turned 18 wonder how?", "Energy isn't physical, but spiritual and can change at a moments notice", "You must be a really smart person.", "Sometimes time can mysteriously move forward, the universe is always changing", "Oh, yes please tell me more.", "Smartness is a frame of mind", "Are you sure its not what you are born with?", "You can change what you were born with, modify your dna with your beliefs"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favourite movie is star wars.", "I drink coffee.", "I play football.", "I read and write poetry."], "partner_persona": ["I watch youtube movies.", "I skateboard.  I drink coffee.", "I have skateboarder friends.", "I watch football.", "I have a girlfriend."], "current_conv": ["Have you been skateboarding lately or were you with your girlfriend?", "I haven't been with her today but I have been skateboarding for days now.", "Aw, that's too bad. When are you going to see her again?", "We having a movie night tomorrow. Have you any sweet poet I can read to her please write one for me ", "Oh that's nice. What movie will you watch? Here is a poem. \"Roses are Red. Violets are Blue. Sugar is sweet, but not as sweet as you.\"", "Wow,  thanks this sweet. I dont know yet I have to go through whichever youtube recommend for me", "You're welcome. What kind of movies do you like?", "I like drama and romantic movies not like war star movies like you", "Hmmmm. I'm trying to think if there are any good movies I can recommend. What about Titanic?", "What is the movie about, hope is interesting?", "It's a romantic movie about the ship Titanic that suck back in the early 1900s. ", "Oh I will check if I can get on youtube. It will be nice to have it with a black coffee "], "history_conv": [["What are you up to?", "Oh, I was just watching rob dryden videos on youtube. You?", "I'm watching my fave movie star wars.", "That is right, it was on tnt tonight.", "Awesome! I'm drinking a huge cup of coffee to stay up and marathon it.", "Very cool. As a skateboarder I drink a lot of coffee as well.", "I like to try a bunch of different types of coffee.", "My friends who all are skateboarders like different coffee too.", "I am not into skateboarding but I did play football", "Right on. I like watching football. I've my bucs hat I wear everyday.", "I would rather read and write poetry these days though", "Understandable. My girlfriend dabbles in poetry.", "That's awesome. You should write her soms", "If I had some talent in it I would."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Ali. I've been to Canda too.", "I like the library and know Chinese.", "My dad is an electrician who retired. I play guitar with my dad. I know guitar and violin.", "I've been to Belgium and love chocolate."], "partner_persona": ["I'm Charlotte, I've been to Canada.", "I am going to retire soon. I work as a librarian.", "I am 60.", "I travel and have a daughter.", "I live in the south and want to go North."], "current_conv": ["My dad and I are starting a band", "That sounds like fun - a guitar and violin duo! Maybe you'll get famous!", "That would be so cool, but I will be happy playing with him either way! Does your daughter play an instrument. ", "No she doesn't but she loves to travel with me when she can.", "Thats good. Any quality time with your kids is awesome. Do you have any upcoming travel plans?", "Maybe after I retire, which will be shortly. Has your dad traveled much after he retired?", "He has not done much traveling yet. I am sure he is ready to, but being retired he has plenty of time. How long until you officially retire? ", "Just a few months, then maybe I'll have the opportunity to travel north like I always wanted to. Maybe I'll put Belgium on the list too. ", "You would love Belgium! Where do you want to go up north first?", "Probably France, then Belgium. I've got to try some of their lovely chocolate!", "France would be amazing! You will have to let me know how that goes, may have to add that to my travel list as well! ", "Yes I will. Perhaps I will polish my language skills as well. Not Chinese, but French, haha."], "history_conv": [["Hey there! I'm ali.", "Oh hello. I'm charlotte. I just got back from canada.", "Awesome! I was there for a ping pong tournament last year.", "Should get to bed soon. The library will be looking me in the face early.", "I love the library. Those books helped me learned chinese.", "Oh I am glad. That's what I love about being a librarian. Retirement soon tho.", "That's awesome! My dad just retired after being an electrician for 30 years.", "He enjoying that? Last month I turned 60, just a few more years.", "Oh he loves it! Now he has time to rock out with me on the guitar.", "That is nice to spend time with your dad. He must love it.", "I like to think he does. He is the one who taught me guitar and violin.", "Wow. I do some travelling with my daughter. I enjoy that.", "Where do you like to go?", "I love to go north. Since I live in the south.", "I went to belgium last year. That gave me a whole new love for chocolate.", "Ha ha. Never been there. Actually canada is the only time out of the us."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live on a horse farm. I ride horses. My family raises horses.", "I want to move to the city.", "I do not know much about New Kids on the Block.", "I want to go to college and become a lawyer."], "partner_persona": ["I like old school hip hop music.", "I take dance lessons once a week.", "I really like New Kids on the Block.", "I was born in the 1980s.", "I do not work."], "current_conv": ["How are your dance lessons going?", "They're going great! I feel a little old compared to the other people in the class, but I'm keeping up, haha.", "What type of dance are you learning in your classes?", "I'm learning break dance! It's something I've been wanting to learn since I was a kid but never got the chance to until now. ", "Awesome, then you're not too old to learn!  Eighties babies are part of the start of break dance!", "Aww thanks! I do wish I started earlier, but I'm so happy to have the chance now. Everyone is so supportive!", "That's great!  I have always wanted to live in the city where break dancing was invented.", "Well you should definitely visit! New York is such an interesting and diverse place!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there, how are you today?", "Good here listening to my favorite music old school hip hop and you?", "Not much it is pretty quiet here as I live on a horse farm", "That is cool have you ever tried dance lessons I do them once a week", "No I've not. I ride horses though, my family has raised them for generations", "That is amazing, what else you do besides loving horses", "I really want to move to the city, not much to do here. What about you?", "I'm in fascinated with new kids on the block have you heard of them", "I recognize the name but do not know their music", "I was born in the eighties how about you", "I am younger, I really want to go to college to become a lawyer", "That's a tough field hope it goes well", "Thank you, what do you do?", "I don't work but I enjoy dance lessons during the week there fun"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite band is Aerosmith. I go to Aerosmith concerts.", "I do construction work. I have been working since I was 16.", "I spend my money on Mexican food and drugs.", "I invest in bitcoin. Bitcoin is a good invenstment."], "partner_persona": ["I travel the world.", "I like Mexican food.", "I have been to the Antarctic. I have a yacht. I like adventure. I rent my yacht out. It costs $5000 a week to rent my yacht.", "I do not know about bitcoin."], "current_conv": ["The Aerosmith concert was fantastic! It was one of their best.", "That sounds like a lot of fun! It's been too long since I've been to a concert. Do you go to concerts regularly?", "Yes! I try to go to as many as I can. Work allowing of course lol", "I've been thinking about changing jobs recently. I feel like I need to get outdoors more, or at least have a change of venue.", "Outdoors is great no doubt. I know it's a different thing, but I much prefer outdoor concerts to inside ones.", "They had one in my area this weekend. We have a beautiful outdoor amphitheater and there's usually a summer concert series in town.", "Oh that sounds really fun! Did you get to go?", "I only walked by because they were sold out. I am hoping to get tickets to one later this summer, though. I think it would be a lot of fun. Do you have a favorite kind of  band to see?", "That's a bummer, but hopefully you can check it out later this year! I really enjoy rock concerts.", "I think they have them from June through September if I remember correctly. I also love rock concerts, but the last one I've been to live was a long time ago. It's been like 10 years ago. ", "You should go to one this year! If of course you can find one you want to see.", "I think it's a pretty mixed bag for the concert in the park series. I think they have everything from polka to rock. I should check the calendar and see! I know our community is known for having lots of community events and most of them are free. It's a blast."], "history_conv": [["Hello! My fav band is aerosmith. They are great listening for construction work.", "Awesome! Have you been to any of there concert?", "Yes! I am at one now. I have been working since 16 to see them a lot.", "Good for you! Hard work pays off! When you retire, you can travel the world like me!", "I've zero dollars saved though. I spend it all on mexican food and drugs.", "Mexican food is good! I get to try many types of food due to travel!", "Have you ever traveled to the antarctic?", "Yes I've! Love it! I travel by yacht, so I've been all over!", "Wow, traveling the ocean in a yacht seems sketchy.", "Adventure! I rent my yacht out when not using it so others can experience it!", "So cool. How much to rent it?", "5000 week. Definitely worth doing at some point in your life!", "Hmmm maybe. I would rather put that towards bitcoin.", "I'm not familiar with that", "Make lots of money, keep these gains I'll be able to buy 20 yachts.", "Wow! That sounds so interesting!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to read. I have a library at home. I am working on my library and building more bookshelves.", "I work at museum as a tour guide.", "I prefer tea over coffee. My favorite tea is chamomile tea.", "I have a garden of roses."], "partner_persona": ["I like to watch UFC and NASCAR.", "I work in construction.", "I prefer horchata. I always have horchata when having Mexican food. I prefer chai tea to chamomile tea.", "I do not garden.", "I build homes for the low-income families."], "current_conv": ["How long have you been working in construction?", "About four years, and I love being able to build structures for those who need it. How long have you been a tour guide?", "I've been doing it for about ten years.  Before that I was a volunteer at the museum.  I do like doing the tour guide thing and helping people understand history.", "That is very cool! What areas of history do you cover?", "It is local history.  But that includes the Native American tribe that once lived and owned this land.  ", "That's interesting, especially since you've been doing it so long. How long have you been gardening?", "I grew up with gardens.  My mom grew rose bushes and we always had a vegetable garden.  There is nothing like picking the vegetables and then cooking them for dinner.  I know you said you don't garden, but I always recommend growing a few vegetables, it is so much healthier.", "I might get into it. A lot of the meals I like to make at home incorporate fresh vegetables and fruits, especially my favorite Hispanic dishes. Maybe I could look into growing cinnamon.", "I definitely have cilantro in my herb garden for when I make salsa.  Did you know that cinnamon comes from a tree?", "I had no idea! I've always seen the sticks but I thought maybe there was a cinnamon bush or something. You'll have to send me your salsa recipe as well I'm sure it's delicious.", "Oh, I am always tinkering with the salsa recipe.  I have never quite perfected it yet.  What is your favorite Mexican dish?", "I love carne asada. My father had a friend growing up that would make it for Fourth of July and it was always really delicious. If you won't hand over the salsa recipe, do you have any good tea recipes? I know you mentioned loving chamomile tea."], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you like to read? I have a big library at my home", "I'm not much of a reader. I prefer watching ufc and nascar.", "When I'm not reading I work as a museum tour guide", "Cool. I'm in construction myself. Been at it since I was 16.", "Awesome. Do you like tea? I prefer it over coffee", "Tea is okay. I prefer horchata. Get it all the time when I have mexican food.", "I read about horchata. What about gardening? I grow roses", "I am not a green thumb person, but gardening is okay.", "It is relaxing. What kind of construction? I am building a new rose garden", "I build homes for low income families. Do you live alone?", "My favorite tea is chamomile", "I have had that before. Not sure I am a fan. Chai is good though.", "I'm also working on my library. There is always a need for more book shelves", "You should consider working in construction like me.", "Yes, maybe I will change jobs from a museum tour guide", "You seem cool. We should hang out and have mexican food sometime."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in the army. My family was in the military.", "I live in Canada.", "I like shawarma."], "partner_persona": ["I am in a family of musicians.", "I like walking and exploring.", "I live in California.", "Mexican food is my favourite.", "I volunteer at a shelter. I like volunteering."], "current_conv": ["I've been deployed to assist with a natural disaster. ", "It must be an honor to serve in the military. Where have yo been deployed at?", "I have been deployed many places, most notably Afghanistan. It was not all bad, I got to try new food which is always nice. How is the volunteer work going?", "Volunteering work is great, we get to assist where there is dire need of assistance. Have yo ever tried mexican food?", "Yes, I have. I am a big fan of quesadillas. I am sure there has to be some great mexican restaurants in California. Maybe next time I am there we can grab a bite to eat and you can show me around. ", "Sure there is plenty especially at the shelters where I volunteer. It will be great to show you around ", "I look forward to it. Anyone in your family have a show coming up? ", "Next saturday my sister will be having a gig in one of local bars down here in Los Angels. Can you spare some time and come? You can invite your friends from the military", "I probably wont be able to as I will be deployed by then, but once I get back we can definitely set something up. I know my military friends can use some fun. ", "Sure, you are welcome anytime. How is it serving in the military?", "It can be very rewarding, but not always. It is hard seeing the things we do, but knowing we are helping people counteracts the downsides to it. Have you ever thought about joining?", "Sure, at some point before I joined college but i got discouraged by some of my friends.Maybe I will try again this year "], "history_conv": [["How are you doing today?", "Good and hope the same for you.", "Good, just living that army life.", "I come from a musical family. My father was a violinist and I teach piano.", "I come from a military family. My grandfather served in a world war", "I walk as a hobby and try to find parts of the city to explore.", "Where do you live? I am up here in canada", "Here in sunny california and looking for volunteer work.", "Good luck. Do you have a favorite food?", "Mexican food but especially chili verde.", "Yum! Personally, I love shawarma", "They do not serve that at the homeless shelter where I volunteer.", "They should! You should request it", "Okay send me the recipe so I can tell them."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a nurse. I deliver babies.", "I love going to Disneyland.", "I've been to Italy.", "I walk 3 miles per day. I love trail running or hiking."], "partner_persona": ["I am pregnant with triplets.", "I am from Italy.", "I have a new house."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any plans to decorate your new house?", "Yes! I am going to focus on my bedroom first. I think I'm going to go with an antique theme.", "That will be fine about the room for the triplets do you know their gender so you paint in mixed color", "Three boys! I think we're gonna go with a light grey color.", "Wow, three boys hands full boys expect more work to do. Anyway light blue would have done good justice", "We had thought about light blue but we wanted something a bit different.", "Okay thats good thou. A light grey wall with a white roof paint sound good", "Yeah, we think so! I'm not sure what the theme is gonna be yet.", "The tripple league sound good just a suggestion", "haha, yeah it does! I'll have to keep that in mind.", "How many month gone are you now?", "I am five months pregnant."], "history_conv": [["Hello my name is katrina and I deliver babies, I'm a nurse.", "Awesome. My babies are due in three months", "What? That is awesome so are you having twins or triplets?", "Triplets!!! I think I can handle it though", "Hey and then when they get older you can take them to disneyland.", "Absolutely that sounds like fun", "Yup, I am in love with disneyland. Its just so packed in the summer.", "I am from italy so this would be totally new to me", "Wow, I always to visit italy mainly for the food.", "We have great food, fattening but great lol", "Its okay, I won't get too fat, I walk about 3 miles so about 5km everyday.", "That is good exercise. I've a trail by my new house", "Trail, that is great I love trail running or hiking.", "That is good exercise. I have a trail by my new house"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to hang out with my friends. I am not retired.", "I am 19 years old.", "I work at Burger King. I do not like my work.My superiors at works are always on my case. I want to leave my job. My parents are making me stay at Burger King.", "I will move out of my parents house soon."], "partner_persona": ["I am retired. I have grandkids. I am 40 years old.", "I do not like to eat at Burger King. I like McDonald's.", "I like it when my children moved out of my house."], "current_conv": ["I just go into a big fight with my parents. They don't want me to quit Burger King, but I just don't know how much longer I can stand to work there. I really hate going to work there. ", "Could you find better work somewhere and then quit? Maybe they'd agree with you changing careers as long as you have another one lined up?", "That's what I'm thinking. I'm looking for other jobs in every spare second I have. I get their point, I'm just so miserable there.", "Do you enjoy foodservice or are you looking for a complete change in careers? You could probably get hired at a gas station, Walmart, or Walgreens with work experience and a good resume.", "I don't know, to be honest. I don't really mind what I do as long as I don't hate it. Even retail or food service at a slower pace would suit me fine!", "I bet it can get pretty hectic during the rush hour! Maybe a gas station would be a good fit? Or Walmart, they have some great benefits and some places are starting at $15-20/hr. Or a coffee shop?", "Oh wow, I'd love pay like that! Benefits would be nice too. Thanks so much for being an understanding ear. How are the grandkids?", "They're doing fairly well. I'm disappointed in my grandson's behavior, I'm afraid he's going to waste his scholarship by refusing to apply himself."], "history_conv": [["Hello there who are you", "Hello, how are you today? I'm retired and enjoying it.", "I wish I was retired then I could hang with my friends more", "That is a benefit. I hang with my grandkids.", "How old are you I'm 19", "I'm 40. Are you in college?", "No I work part time in burger king and it sucks", "I do not care for burger king, mcdonalds is much better.", "Probably better to work for they are always on my back there", "Have you thought about finding another job?", "I want to leave the job but my parents make me stay", "Maybe if you found a better one before leaving.", "Yeah but I'll move out my parents soon", "Very cool! I loved it when my kids left.", "I'll love it when I leave then I can do as I like", "It does not always work out that way."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an ex army girl starting a normal life.", "I work at shipyard.", "I volunteer at the local bunny rescue.", "Navy blue is my favourite colour."], "partner_persona": ["I started working is PA.", "I am expecting my first child so I don't have time to volunteer. We still don't know the sex. We will probably paint kid's room in lime green. I am nervous about getting a child. My husband is very excited."], "current_conv": ["And have you decided about names maybe? I can help you by giving some suggestions", "Well we still don't know the sex, so we aren't sure about names, but I'd love to hear some suggestions!", "I get you. I never wanted to know the sex of my babies either. There is Kathleen for a girl and Patrick for a boy. ", "I'm actually anxious to know, but it's still a bit too early to determine. I love the name Kathleen! I'll talk to my husband about it.", "That was my grandma's name. I wonder what your husband will think of it. When are you due?", "Your grandma has a beautiful name! I'm about a month along, so 8 more months, if the baby doesn't come early.", "Thank you. Awww, that is so sweet. Do you have morning sickness?", "I do! It's terrible, and even though I know to expect, it still catches me off guard, haha.", "Awwww. Try eating some crackers and sipping on ginger ale before getting out of bed. ", "I'll give it a shot, thank you for the suggestion!", "You're welcome!!! anytime. Glad I could help", "Between suggesting a cool name and a potential ease to the morning sickness, you've been super helpful!"], "history_conv": [["Hi I'm an ex army girl transitioning into civilian life.", "Wow, thank you for your service.", "Thank you for your support. I work at a shipyard now, what about you?", "I just started as a pa.", "Awesome, that is a lot of hard work. Do you do volunteer work?", "No, not right now. I am expecting my first child.", "Exciting congratulations! I do charity work at the local bunny resuce and give them 100 a paycheck.", "Bunny rescue? That sounds adorable.", "It is super adorable! So are you having a boy or girl?", "We decided not to find out quite yet.", "What colors do you have picked out for the room? Navy blue is my favorite.", "I am thinking a lime green for now. Kind of neutral.", "Oh there you go. That color could go either way.", "It is our first so I'm pretty nervous.", "That's amazing! How does your husband feel.", "He is excited. He buys me all sorts of books to read about babies. ;"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like cheeseburgers.", "I am young.", "I have a broken arm.", "I like to skateboard. My favorite skateboarder is Rob Dryden."], "partner_persona": ["I was poor growing up. My favorite food is cheeseburgers.", "I am retired. I was a gym teacher.", "I volunteer at the soup kitchen.", "I used to skate."], "current_conv": ["I am so excited! I just visited my doctor, and she says that I should be able to get my cast off next week.", "Lets goooo!!! That must be exiting for you! Are you going to be skateboarding again?", "Absolutely, I actually spend the last 8 weeks while I was in a cast helping my buddy build a ramp in my backyard.  I am ready!", "That's awesome! My little brother and I used to go down to a skate park in our early teens. We only had one skateboard growing up but we made it work.", "I feel like I grew up in a skatepark.  I mostly built my own boards so I never had the best, but I actually think not having the best equipment made me a better skateboarder.  ", "The skatepark was the place to be as a kid. Honestly i never thought about building my own board. How was that experience?", "It sort of felt like rebuilding a sprocket on a bike a lot of times.  We built lots of things.  My favorite may have been the cannon we made in metal shop that we actually fired!", "That cannon must of been awesome in my college days we went to a friends farm one time and we placed a cannon in the bed of my pickup and we drove around firing at the targets we made. You seem like you built a lot of things are you an engineer? ", "Nah, not an engineer, just a cheeseburger loving dude with an active imagination and willingness to try and fail at things.  The cannon thing took 3 times before we were successful!", "I could honestly go for a cheeseburger right, i've been wanting one of those burger king crowns recently. But what other projects have you worked on?", "Currently working on a potato launcher.  Hoping to be able to launch a potato at least 100 yards.", "I've seen some cool things been done with potato launchers in the past. With all of these projects you are working on you should open a cheeseburger restaurant that displays all of your creations.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi, should we be friends?", "Hey, I was freaking poor growing up! But my favorite food was cheeseburgers!", "Who does not love cheeseburgers? That's my jam", "I'm retired, I was a gym teacher", "Whoa I can not even imagine retiring yet. I am so young", "Yeah I volunteer at the soup kitchen a lot now", "I should do that. I have all this free time since I broke my arm", "Yeah, its a good cause", "I spend a lot of time on my skateboard. Hence the arm", "Oh fun, yeah your favorite skateboarder is rob", "Good guess. Rob dryden can really shred", "Yeah he sure can he used to be a salesman, door to door", "Whatever pays the bills man. That's how I see it", "Yeah yeah, man, for sure", "Did you ever skate, before you retired?", "Yeah, I used to skate on the ocean blues"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Darlene. I am a custodian.", "I like to play guitar and sing. I want to make it big someday.", "My parents don't believe in me.", "Music makes me happy. Folk music is my favorite. I play piano.", "I am single."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a nursing home and at home on Facebook.", "I am divorced. My wife has our kids. My kids are 2, 5, and 7.", "I don't believe in God.", "I am overweight. I am unhappy.", "I like soul music, r & b, and jazz. I don't play piano or guitar."], "current_conv": ["What kinds of things do you do at your nursing home job?", "I get the patients what they need, help turn them over in their beds if necessary, and help with toileting.", "Fascinating! How long have you been working at the nursing home for?", "About 10 years now. I've met some interesting people, but I would like to get a different job.", "That makes sense. What kind of job would you prefer instead? Would you wanna do something music related?", "I was just thinking you should start a band and I could be your manager. How fun would that be??", "That sounds amazing! Should I start a folk band?", "Absolutely! Or you could be a solo artist. Maybe that's the way to go?", "That could work as well. Maybe you and I could come up with our own style combining folk and jazz. What instruments do you play?", "I can play the sax, but honestly I'm not very good. I think you'd be much better off without me playing!", "Wish my parents believed in me more. We should brainstorm this some more. Maybe you could do a sax solo for one of my tracks.", "I don't get why parents can't just support whatever we want to do with our lives. I try to do that for my kids. Definitely, let's brainstorm. Are you around this weekend?"], "history_conv": [["Hi I am a custodian named darlene, how are you?", "I am goog I work in a nursing home and just at home on facebook", "My hobbies include playing guitar and singing, do you have any?", "It was usually being with my children but I am divorced and she took the kids", "So sad, I'm sorry, I want to make it big someday.", "Maybe if I believed in god I wouldn't go through so much", "Yes maybe, my parents don't believe in me but custodian pays the bills.", "We have to believe in us I am overweight and I don't know last time I was happy", "Music makes me happy, my favorite is folk...", "I like soul, r b, jazz", "I love music, I play piano, guitar, and I sing as well.", "Nice I wish I could play", "Very easy, youtube offers videos to teach you. Any kids?", "2 a 5 and 7 year old", "Wow big family, married? I am single but looking.", "I am divorced and I hpe to find someone else once I work on myself"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in a juvenile detention center. I was caught shoplifting. My mom is visiting tomorrow. I'm being released in a month. I will go back to high school.", "I like video games."], "partner_persona": ["I play ping pong with friends.", "My dad is an electrician.", "I'm in high school. I study Chinese. I'm learning to play violin and guitar.", "I like video games."], "current_conv": ["Have you played any video games today?", "Not today! I am going to my friends to play ping pong shortly though. Have you played any video games today?", "I havent been playing any video game for awhile. I was looking for who to play with once am out next month", "You should find my online account when you get out, we can play together. Are you looking forward to being out next month?", "Thanks for the offer I will surely do that. Yeah . How good are you now with your guitar?", "I am not the best, but I can hold my own. Is the guitar something you would like to learn?", "Not sure as studies is my priority. Thinking you be playing for a band soon with your guitar", "I would love to start a band, possibly with my dad. It would be fun! I think a hobby like guitar would be good for you when you get out. ", "I will be awwful back singer for you(lol). Thats fine you can set up a band hope your dad can sing beter", "We are both decent with singing but it is not our top talent. Maybe we will hold auditions for a lead singer. ", "Okay that would be better. What type of music band will you create? highlife guitar band or hip pop?", "Not hip hop. I enjoy classic rock, light country music the most. Probably something along those lines. What is your favorite type of music?"], "history_conv": [["So how are you doing today?", "I am doing well, thanks. How are you?", "I am alright, seen better days that's for sure.", "Are you doing anything to enjoy the weekend? I ve been playing ping pong with friends", "That sounds cool. My weekend is being stuck here at a juvenile detention center.", "Why are you stuck there? Do you work there?", "No I'm stuck here for shoplifting, my mom at least is visiting me tomorrow.", "That s nice. What does she do for a living? My dad works as an electrician", "She does whatever job is available to her. Do you work?", "I m still in school right now studying chinese and learning to play violin and guitar", "Wow cool, I will be back in school once I'm released in about a month", "Awesome! Do you know what you want to study in school?", "I do not know, that is my problem.", "I bet there will be time to figure it out. What are your interests?", "Well I like video games. What about you?", "I also like video games! In addition to ping pong and the guitar and violin"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a manager at a supermarket.", "My favorite pizza is cheese with black olives.", "I want to leave Ohio. I have never left Ohio.", "I have a cat named Spook."], "partner_persona": ["My family does not support my career choices. I sell watches.", "I like shopping at supermarkets.", "My dream is to own a Rolls Royce Ghost.", "I move often."], "current_conv": ["I am taking a vacation outside of Ohio!", "ohio is a cool place for vacation", "Ha! I wish. I've never left Ohio. I'm so looking forward to traveling out of state!", "why did you leave Ohio?", "I haven't yet. I'm taking a vacation soon. How has your job been going?", "i'm trying my best ", "Well that's all you can do, so keep it up. How is the family?", "family is fine what about yours?", "They're doing well. Any plans to move again? I know you don't like to stay in one place too often.", "yeah .lol no plans for now", "Maybe it will be good for you to set some roots somewhere, have you thought about it?", "i have been giving it a thought lately it is quite a decision"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing?", "I am saddened because my career choices are not supported by my family.", "I'm sorry to hear that. What do you do for a living?", "I deal watches as my current work.", "I'm a manager at my neighborhood supermarket.", "Supermarkets are great. I like to shop in them", "We also sell freshly baked pizza, my favorite is cheese with black olives.", "Is it your dream job? I've a rolls royce ghost car as my dream.", "No, it isn't. My dream is to leave ohio, I've never left this state.", "I think ohio is great to shop for watches and shoes.", "Ohio is great, but I want to travel the world with my cat, spook.", "That would be interesting. Could you go shopping often with a cat?", "That's a great question, I have never tried! Where are you from?", "I move around. It helps me be able to keep up with selling watches."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite genre of music is folk. I'm a musician. I want to become a famous folk musician someday. I'm not a sports fan.", "I don't have any pets, because I can't afford to.", "I work as a janitor."], "partner_persona": ["I love watching NHL hockey.", "I have a german shepherd.", "I grew up on a farm. I am very familiar with animals.", "I don't have a job. I live on a farm.", "I have a husband."], "current_conv": ["I've been working on a new folk song. Do you want to hear it?", "I would love to hear it! What's the song about?", "It's about a dog that I had as a child. Speaking of which, how's that german shepherd of yours?", "He's great! He's such a sweet and friendly dog. What inspired you to write the song?", "Good to hear! I was walking to work and I saw a dog which was the same breed as my old dog.", "Oh wow, that must have been a really nostalgic experience. What kind of dog did you have?", "He was a golden retriever! He was so loving and cuddly. Anyway, how's life on the farm?", "Aww that sounds amazing. I love golden retrievers! Life on the farm is great and super busy. Between the crops and the animals, there is always something to tend to. ", "Not to mention the maintenance on that husband of yours! How is he doing?", "Haha, you know it! That man needs a lot, but I love him. He's doing well. Working hard, as usual.", "That's good to hear! You'll have to send him my regards. You two are so perfect for each other.", "Aww thank you! He's actually been asking about your music. Do you have any gigs coming up? We'd love to come see you play."], "history_conv": [["Hello. What are you up to today?", "Not much how are you doing?", "I'm listening to my favorite type of music folk", "Sounds good. I love to watch nhl hockey even though its football day", "I'm not the biggest fan of sports but I'm a musician.", "Do you like dogs? I've a german shepherd", "I don't have any animals unfortunately. I can not afford them", "Ahh makes sense. I grew up on a farm so we have tons of animals.", "That's great. I wish my parents would actually support my dream", "And what is your dream?", "To become a musician and sing folk music. I want to be famous some day", "That sounds like the dream.", "Right now I'm a janitor. It pays my bills but that's it", "Yeah, I stay at home and tend to my farm.", "Do you do anything else in your spare time?", "Just hang out with my husband."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in customer service at a store. I don't like my customers. I don't like retired customers. I am a cashier. I work all the time.", "I like country music. I used to like Taylor Swift, but my store plays her too often. I once bought a raffle ticket to meet Taylor Swift, but I didn't win.", "I don't have time to go outside.", "I don't gamble often. I own a Nissan Pathfinder. I'm working on paying off my car loan."], "partner_persona": ["I'm retired.", "I like gambling.", "I love grilling outdoors.", "I enjoy mowing my lawn.", "I am a fan of Taylor Swift.", "I have a Buick."], "current_conv": ["Have you made any money gambling since we last talked?", "No, but I just placed a large wager on the Chelsea vs Real Madrid soccer match on Wed.  ", "Nice, who do you have winning?", "I have 5K on Chelsea with another 500 on Pulisic scoring a goal.  Are you looking for some action?", "Yeah! i love soccer i dont gamble often but this might be an exception. What time is the game at?", "Game is at 3pm.  I have made my biggest gambling wins on soccer.  I was able to retire after a huge payday when FC Porto won the Champions League in 2004.", "Perfect i don't work that day im defentily going to watch the game. I recently made a killing off Doge Coin so i definitely will be placing a bet on the game.", "I wish I knew more about cryptocurrencies.  I can't wrap my head around it.  The gambling site I use offers betting and payouts in various crytpos.", "Crypto's are the worst investment because of the volatility but i am so desperate to get out of customer service i decided to take the risk and purchase doge coin when it wasnt even a penny and sold out recently to a nifty pay day.", "Good move on your part.  It's funny, I don't have a problem gambling at a casino, or on sports, but when it comes to investments, I avoid risk and keep money parked in Tbills.", "I don't usually go to a Casinos mainly because they aren't legal in my state but i love trading in the stock market because i want that financial freedom in my life.", "how do you pick winners?  I have always had a knack for picking winners in European soccer, but stocks are like a foreign language to me."], "history_conv": [["Oh god end my suffering these customers I get every day", "Wow, for a couple of years I've been retired", "Oh man getting retirees at my store is the worst, they hold up lines", "That stinks, in my spare time I like to gamble", "I bought a raffle ticket to meet taylor swift once, but I lost.", "That's such a bummer! Grilling outdoors is my favorite", "I never go outside anymore, all I do is work the register", "Dang, I like mowing the lawn on sunny days", "Like listening to music while you mow? I generally listen to country music", "Yeah, I like taylor swift", "Taylor swift is ok, but my store plays it so often I've begun to loathe it", "Lol, do you gamble? Because I do in my spare time", "Not too often, I'm still making payments on my nissan pathfinder so I cannot waste money", "Oh good point! I've a buick"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love paella. I hate chicken. I love seafood.", "I love travelling. I am a nursing student in college. I work nights at a bar.", "I just moved to a new apartment with my best friend."], "partner_persona": ["I love paella. I also love fish and chips.", "I am a student.", "I like to travel. I have been to Europe. I don't like packing and unpacking.", "I am a relative of Cris Columbus."], "current_conv": ["Where have you been in Europe?", "i have been in Italy precisely", "Nice! I love travelling but I have never been in Italy", "why have you not given it a try", "I have never been to Europe, I could not afford it. Maybe in the future. How many countries did you visit when in Europe?", "ouch. yeah sorry. i have literally been to 5 countries", "Lucky you! Which one was your favourite?", "my all time favorite has been Dubai.. good food", "Ah, right! Sorry, I meant in Europe but I did visit Dubai and I loved it. ", "oooh ... in europe i would pick  germany", "I will add it to my list, thank you! And what was the worst about that long trip?", "nothing really i had a good time"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how is your day going?", "Good just cooking up some paella how about you", "Wow! That sound delicious, it is a favorite of mine I hate chicken.", "My next favorite is some fish and chips it is a weakness of mine", "I love seafood. What do you do, college, work?", "Right now studying art but my true passion is travel. Do you like to travel?", "Love travelling, working nights at a bar and in college studying nursing is hectic.", "Oh I bet, I go to europe at least twice a year to visit", "Nice! Europe is fun when you are a blonde with blue eyes, guys love it.", "Yeah I've recently found out that I was a relative of cris columbus", "Really? That's cool, well I am still unpacking in my new apartment, crazy.", "One of my least favorite things to do is pack and unpack", "Yes, my best friend and I moved in together and it has been great so far.", "Are both of you male or female?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My sister is a pole dancer. I like classical music.", "I drive a tractor.", "My parents are not in the military."], "partner_persona": ["I got fired a week ago. I got a job as an insurance salesman. I play softball.", "My father is in the military. I live with my parents."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought about joining the army yourself?", "I've though about joining the military, unsure if I'd choose Army or Navy, Air Force... many options. I've thought about being a spy! Some have mixed experience in the military. You been driving your tractor lately? ", "Being a spy would be amazing! It must be really interesting to come from a military family. Does your father have a preference for which you should join?", "Dad is happy with what I choose, as long as I am happy. I'm grateful to have a father who lets me choose my own path. Any tractor stories to share lately? ", "That's awesome. Some parents can be very pushy that their kid do the same type of service they did, so that's really nice of him. Nothing interesting on the tractors lately, although I am going to a big show this weekend. Should have some of the biggest tractors in the country!", "Tractor shows can be a nice walk. I wander through the different rigs,  and get impressed at all the powerful tools. Was listening to piano music lately, what classical music are you into? ", "I've been trying to got more into Chopin lately. Beethoven is my favorite but I'm trying to expand my collection. How about you?", "If you love Chopin, check out the movie \"Impromptu\" with Hugh Grant as Chopin, Judy Davis as George Sands, his long time partner. They were very different personalities! Love it. Lately I've been digging Windham Hills music. ", "I've needed a good movie to watch lately too so that's two birds with one stone! Thanks for the recommendation. I love Judy Davis. She always picks such great roles.", "Judy Davis is a force of nature in the role, and is a great balance to Chopin. Chopin's music can just melt you away, was it the Etudes? ", "It was the Polonaise, but I need to become better acquainted with the Etudes, for sure", "They refer to the Etudes in that movie, Impromptu, that I mentioned. It's a bit of fiction too, but I love seeing the music through their eyes, in their world. Are their other Chopin songs you like? "], "history_conv": [["I listen to classical music while my sister dances on a pole for money", "Wow, yall are complete opposites.", "I'm christian, who just happens to drive a tractor", "I used to be a receptionist, but got fired last week.", "Yes we are, I am very sorry to hear that", "Now I am an insurance salesman. I love to play softball.", "I love playing softball, do you make alot of money selling insurance", "No. My father is always moving military army.", "My sister makes a ton of money, dancing on poles", "Yes, you have said that. What do your parents do?", "I see so your army brat, I can relate to that", "Yes, you got it. Every time I get a new job, it is time to move again.", "That must get frustrating, to keep moving alot", "I would enjoy the travel better if I did not have to work.", "Yes work is always the downside to living", "That's one way to put it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I watch Fear the Walking Dead.", "I was born in 1984.", "I used to love rollercoasters. I have vertigo.", "I like classic hip hop. I listened to New Kids on the Block as a child.", "I had a Lite Brite as a kid."], "partner_persona": ["I watch television cooking shows. I am a vegan. I like hummus.", "I love rollercoasters and sky diving.", "I am a bad swimmer.", "I like country music. I follow New Kids on the Block's tour dates."], "current_conv": ["The finale of Fear the Walking Dead was incredible!", "I didn't see it! I used to watch the walking dead and I watched the first season of fear of the walking dead, but now I stick to food network and HGTV! What made it great?", "I love the Food Network but haven't watched it in a while. Chopped and Cutthroat Kitchen are two of my favorites. There were so many unexpected twists and turns and I have questions. ", "I love a series that ends on a cliff hanger and makes me so excited to see what's going to happen next! Lost made me mad though because I feel like they didn't answer any of the questions!", "The finale of that show drove me insane! I'm still so mad at the writers over that ending. I felt I had invested so much time into it for that ending.", "I know! I felt the same way. I watched every episode and the end result was so unsatisfying. What a disappointment. I think one of the best series finales was Six Feet Under. Did you see that show?", "The ending for season five of FTWD had a wedding, a baby, a ton of zombies, and a cliffhanger. I loved Six Feet Under. The ending was spectacular!", "I might have to go back and watch the other seasons of Fear the Walking Dead... that sounds amazing! But I do love my cooking shows lol. Top Chef is my favorite. No zombies, but it is a really good show!", "I haven't watched that in a few seasons, but it used to be my go to when I had cable. I decided not to have cable at this apartment and have been loving it, but I might rent the next few seasons.", "Not having cable is really freeing! I only have it now because it's included in my rent. Saves me money for New Kids on the Block Tickets!", "I used to have it when I worked more, but I think I prefer renting movies/shows when I want to watch them. I'm not a fan of New Kids on the Block but I have heard their shows can be fun. I think generally these days I stick with YouTube subscriptions to replace my TV shows.", "You liked them as a kid though, right? I guess I just never outgrew them! What YouTube channels do you recommend?"], "history_conv": [["Good evening. How are you?", "Enjoying a nice evening watching television cooking shows", "I am watching the season finale of fear the walking dead.", "Hummus is one of my favorite foods as a vegan", "I ate hummus when I was younger. I was born in 1984.", "Do you like rollercoasters or sky diving? I love them it is exciting.", "I use to. Roller coasters give me vertigo now.", "I also like to float in the pool because I'm a bad swimmer.", "I listen to a lot of classic hip hop.", "I listen to country music", "Right on. I use to play with a lite brite. It was my fav. As a kid.", "I remember those they were the toy to have", "Yes. I played new kids on the block when I played with it.", "Can you believe new kids was on tour last summer", "I know. Everything gets recycled it seems.", "Yes it does seem that way"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a broken down Ford Pinto.", "I have a big mechanical expense on my car.", "I don't have children. My nephews and I play Call of Duty together.", "I want to try wine."], "partner_persona": ["I have a mini van.", "I have five sons.", "I don't like video games. I like wine. I like cabernet.", "I like coffee."], "current_conv": ["I love the new maps in Call of Duty.", "I just can't get into video game how do you do it?", "You have to find something you really enjoy. What are some of the things you like to do?", "I like to drink wine and coffee. Not sure how that would help.", "I don't think there are many video games based off of drinking. I would suggest sticking with board games with friends and family. What are some wines you recommend?", "My favorite are sparkling wines. I love Alma Libre White Blend. Another good one if you are just starting out would be Sauvetage Rose.", "Thanks for the recommendations! I find wine hard to get into because the taste is so different from regular drinks. I don't think I\"ll be drinking it often, but I think it's good to have something in mind for special occasions.", "I hear that a lot. Some people just can't get into wine. I just enjoy a glass after a hard day at work or chasing after my sons.", "How are your kids doing now? I imagine that five sons must make for a lot of trouble around the house.", "They are good. The twins just got into football so that will be fun.", "Cool, sports are really great. Maybe that would be a good starting point if you want to get into video games. There are quite a lot of video games based around sports that you can play with your kids. ", "Yeah that is a great idea. Maybe I will look into some or see what is out there. I'm sure there is some game for a mom to relax playing."], "history_conv": [["Good day to you how are you doing today?", "I am well, thank you. How are you?", "Not so good. My ford pinto broke down on me today", "Sorry to hear. Is that a mini van? I drive one.", "Yeah it is. I'm sadden because its going to cost me alot of money to fix", "Oh dear. Hope you sort it out. You have kids?", "No I do not but I have nephews that come over from time to time", "Family is good. I love spending time with my five sons.", "Oh yeah! That is awesome. I love playing call of duty with my nephews lots of it", "Not really into games. I prefer a glass of wine in the evenings.", "I've to try that. What kind of wine to you recommend", "You cannot go wrong with a cabernet.", "Awesome I gotta try it one day. What do you do on weekends for fun?", "Just grab a refreshment somewhere. Coffee is my favorite beverage."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't like country music. I am 13.", "I cannot afford a car. I hate math.", "I have an older brother.", "I play soccer. I am not good at soccer, but I enjoy playing with my friends. I have to wait for the weekends to see my friends."], "partner_persona": ["I like country music. I am going to a Taylor Swift concert tomorrow. I have met Taylor Swift.", "I have a red Nissan Pathfinder.", "I go to school for hairstyling. I have short brown hair.", "I don't like work.", "I enjoy soccer. I am not good at it."], "current_conv": ["Are you excited for your concert tomorrow?", "Absolutely! I cannot wait to see Taylor again!", "Thats sound good. which of his song do you enjoy most?", "Shake It Off is my all times favourite. Do you like her songs as well?", "No just asking I love pop songs. Would you be doing anything before you go for the concert", "Not really, I will be all morning thinking about it. What about your weekend plans, will you see your friends?", "Yes I will be playing soccer with friends. will you love to join us?", "I would love to but you know I am not really good, if you go on Sunday please let me know. Tomorrow I will be too busy with the concert.", "We all fair players join us and we improve together am sure I will dribble you thats why you chikening out(lol)", "Hahaha, Thank you very much! I totally accept the invite. What time will you be meeting the rest?", "3pm so we can have good quality time", "That sounds perfect. Shall I come to your house just before 3pm?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing?", "I am doing fine. Just listening to some country music. My favorite!", "I don't like country music, maybe in the future, I'm only 13 now", "I'm going to a taylor swift concert tomorrow. I actually met her once.", "Wow, that is nice. Tomorrow I'll just take the bus to school", "I used to ride the bus. Now I drive my red nissan pathfinder.", "I would buy one if I finish school.. I hate math", "I go to school for hairstyling. I need to learn to do my short brown hair.", "I don't have to think about jobs yet like you or my older brother", "That is good. Work can be a pain!", "I guess. Right now my only concern is to play better on my soccer team", "Soccer is fun but I was never good at it.", "I am not good either, but I enjoy spending time with my friends", "Me too. I have my friends coming over for a party later.", "You do not have to wait for the weekends?, I can not do anything like that", "It is only going to be for a few hours. So a weekday is okay."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Crystal. I'm a barmaid but will be a nurse soon.", "I live with my best friend.", "I have blue eyes and brass blonde hair.", "I do not drink. I am in college.", "I played nurse when I was little.", "I have a library."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Rose. I have roses in my garden.", "I am partly deaf. I live alone.", "I'm a museum tour guide. I have blonde hair.", "I love to sit outside at night. I drink fancy tea. I drink non alcoholic drinks. I like to shoot pool and play darts.", "I don't dance. I love to read. I have a big home library."], "current_conv": ["What's the last thing you read? ", "Right now, I'm reading a bit of Joseph Campbell's work.", "I don't know much about him.  Do you have many of his books in your library?", "I actually just bought a bunch of his books. I didn't know much about his work either, but I kept hearing people talk about the hero's journey and figured I ought to look into, since it is so prevalent in so many stories, past and present, fiction and nonfiction.", "That sounds very interesting.  I have a small library in my house which is mostly filled with biographies of great historical characters.", "Oh interesting! Who do you enjoy reading about the most?", "I have really been into great historical athletes lately, mainly baseball players.  I have read a couple of Jackie Robison biographies this year.", "Have you learned anything interesting about them?", "I have mainly learned how much hatred he faced and how he was forced, by contract, to never respond to hecklers.  He had unbelievable discipline.", "Goodness, it really does take considerable discipline to ignore harassment like that and to play as well as he did. I really admire people who are able to focus like that.", "I was wondering if you ever have any difficult customers on your museum tours that make it hard for you to focus?", "Sometimes I do, but the wonderful thing about being partly deaf is that I can ignore them or they have to get louder and make a complete fool of themselves, haha."], "history_conv": [["Soon I will be a nurse but now I'm barmaid. Crystal here.", "My name is rose and I grow them in my garden", "Great! Do you have blue eyes and live with your best friend? I do.", "No I am deaf partly and I live in my home alone", "Interesting. What color is your hair? I'm a brass blonde.", "I'm a tour guide for the museum in town. And I'm blonde.", "High five blondie. You drink. I don't drink but I am a bartender.", "I love to sit outside at night and drink tea the fancy stuff. Do you like tea?", "Yes I like weed tea. I need it for my college studies. You dance?", "I drink non alcoholic drinks. But like to go shoot pool and darts.", "Wow! I used to play nurse when I was little. Johnny was the doctor.", "No I don't dance. I love to read books from my big home library.", "Get out! I've a library too. Do you have the angel investor book?", "This is the funniest thing I've done all day.", "Good! I need laughter because nursing is hard. What is hard for you?", "Thank you for chatting. Have to go to next chat."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm from Ohio. I've spent my entire life in Ohio. I've never been to New York City.", "I love rock music. I love going to concerts. I like to listen to the band, the Who.", "I'm a grocery store manager in my town.", "I have a cat named spook.", "I like to eat pizza while listening to music."], "partner_persona": ["I'm from New York City. I love where I live. I love to explore.", "I love music. I play a few instruments. I play piano. I teach piano.", "I'm a volunteer at a local homeless shelter.", "I do not have any pets. My father is a professional violin player. I travel a lot with my father.", "One of my favorite bands is the Who.", "I like to eat pizza."], "current_conv": ["I just booked a flight to come to New York City, I'm so excited to get out of Ohio!", "Yeah, I feel the same way about New York.", "New York has so many options, open all night. Would love to check out Broadway some day. What's a favorite New York locale you'd recommend to a new visitor? ", "I would suggest the Metropolitan Museum of Art.", "The MOMA! Yes. That is a place I've been curious about. You mention your father's music background, has he ever played violin at a museum, or in a concert hall? ", "Actually he plays with the symphony. Have you ever been to a symphony?", "We have had a few smaller groups perform here locally, although that is one reason I'd love to get to New York, more professional musicians. When was the last time you attended a symphony?", "I went and saw my dad play last week.", "How about that, your dad performed recently!  Makes me curious what the location was, or maybe what kind of music he performed? ", "Mostly Mozart. Do you like classical music?", "I love going to music performances, and sometimes have been known to get on stage now and again. Yes, love classical music sometimes, Chopin is a fave. Mozart, tell me a favorite tune? ", "I loves me some Requiem. What other genres do you enjoy?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! Where are you from?", "Good afternoon! I'm from new york city. And you?", "I'm from ohio. I'd love to visit new york some day.", "I love it here. I love to explore the city.", "I am really into rock music so I would love to see some concerts.", "I love music! I play a few different instruments and teach piano on the side.", "How cool! I work as a manager at our grocery store in town.", "Interesting. I volunteer at a local homeless shelter in my spare time.", "How cool! I've never been outside of ohio but I'd like to.", "There is a great big world to see.", "Right now I just live with my cat spook.", "I can not have a pet. I travel a lot with my father who plays violin professionally.", "You sound very worldly. I listen to the who a lot as an escape.", "The who is a great band. Also one of my favorites.", "I like to jam out after work and get a pizza to relax.", "Yum! What is your favorite topping?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like golf and combat fighting.", "I work in IT. I have a college degree.", "I live in Florida.", "I like to travel.", "I am a 20 year old male."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite sports are baseball, tennis and the Olympics.", "I'm an author, blogger and freelancer. I earned an undergraduate degree in communications.", "I live in St. Lous, Missouri.  am a 44 year old male."], "current_conv": ["Are you going to catch the Olympics this year?", "Hopefully, I would love to catch the Olympics.", "Are the summer Olympics or winter Olympics your favorite? I think the summer ones are mine.", "Awesome! I love them both. I don't have a preference. Were you born in Florida?", "I wasn't, I was born in Utah. Do you have a favorite event in the Olympics? I love to watch the figure skating and equestrian events, myself. Not to mention hockey!", "Yes, I love figure skating and gymnastics. Hockey isn't an event that I love either. ", "I also love to watch the gymnastics, and soccer! It's a lot of fun. I used to do gymnastics and soccer when I was younger. ", "That's cool! I hope you enjoy the rest of your day! ", "You too! Do you enjoy doing sports at all, or just watching them?", "Thanks! I only love to watch sports.", "Do you have a favorite sport to watch? I love to run, myself.", "Yes I love basketball, it's my favorite sport"], "history_conv": [["Hello do you enjoy sports?", "Yes. Baseball, tennis and the olympics are my favorite sports. How about you?", "I really enjoy golf and combat fighting, what occupation do you currently have?", "I'm an author, blogger and freelancer. What is your occupation?", "I am a it I've been working there for a very long time!", "Do you have an information technology degree?", "Yes did you attend college at all?", "I earned an undergraduate degree in communications but have not found related work.", "Where are you currently located? I live in florida.", "I live in st. Louis, missouri. Are there any interesting landmarks near you?", "Not really but I do enjoy to travel! Have you ever traveled anywhere?", "I have traveled to cleveland, cincinnati, miami, niagara falls and the bahamas.", "Are you a male or female? I am a 20 year old male", "I am a 44 year old male."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love meeting new people.", "My favorite color is yellow.", "I live in a house. I love gymnastics.", "I do not have any superpowers. I can not fly.", "I have an olympic gold medal. I want to go to the olympics again. I train four hours every day."], "partner_persona": ["I am not good at spelling. I am a child. I am a girl. My favorite color is white.", "I think that I have the ability to stop time. I think that I live in the cloud and I can fly. I want to learn to do handstands."], "current_conv": ["I am trying out for the Olympic gymnastics team next week!", "Oh wow! I hope you make the team! You definitely deserve it.", "Thanks! I really love gymnastics. Maybe once I finish with the season I can help you learn those handstands.", "That would be amazing! Then I'll get to say that an Olympic champion taught me to do handstands!", "It is almost as cool as the fact that you can stop time and fly. I wish I could stop time so that I had longer to train.", "Flying and stopping time are fun! I've never been able to stop time for other people, though. I could try.", "That would be awesome. Give me a little more time before I have to go to these tryouts.", "Sure! Though, I'm pretty sure you don't need it. Your superpower is how well you do at gymnastics. I'm pretty sure you're going to make the team, regardless.", "Thank you for that. Oh, I didn't tell you the uniform this year for the time is mostly white (your favorite color) and some yellow in there also.", "Oh my god, it's both our favorite colors! I bet it's so pretty!", "I'll have to send you a picture of it. I am sure you will love it.", "Definitely send me a picture! Maybe it'll help figure out what kind of superhero suit to make."], "history_conv": [["I love meeting new people. So hello.", "Hi, so do I but I'm only little so I might spell things wrong!", "That's ok. Are you a child? What is your favorite color. Yellow is mine.", "Yes, and my home is the cloud so I like white. Where do you live", "I live in a house. Do you like to somersaults? I love gymnastics.", "No, but I can stop time it is a superpower. Do you have any?", "No, I do not. That's cool! I've a gold medal from the olympics.", "Wow you are clever is it real gold?", "I think so!! Do you have any medals?", "No, maybe when I am a big girl. Are you going to olympics again?", "I am trying. I do a lot of training. Four hours every day. Are you active?", "I like using superpowers like flying. Can you fly?", "That's so cool! You are a special girl. I can not fly.", "You work very hard. I'd like to do a handstand. Can you teach it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a wife and children. I am Anna. My daughter is Grace. My father was Earl and so is my son.", "I have two siblings. I have sisters.", "I have four dogs and a cat."], "partner_persona": ["I am Tracy. I have a bother and sister living in Alabama.", "I have two dogs.", "I have a cat Grace.", "I like chicken tacos.", "My dog is Earl."], "current_conv": ["How are the dogs and cat?  I hope they've been behaving themselves.", "The dogs have been great.  My little Grace has been sick though.  I need to take her to the vet.  Has your Grace been behaving herself?", "Yes, she is very sweet. I have a lot of fun with her. I'm taking the dogs to the vet tomorrow. It's nearly impossible to wrangle them all, so it should be an adventure.", "Four dogs can be a handful.  I struggle with just my two.  Will Anna be able to help you get them all together?", "I'll manage. What's the matter with your Grace?", "She just hasn't been eating like normal.  She seems to not have a lot of energy.  I think she got in to my chicken tacos the other night and now her little stomach just isn't right.", "I feel so bad for them when that happens. Have you tried feeding her rice and pumpkin? That works for my pups when they have a belly ache.", "That is such a good idea.  I will try that.  I want to get her feeling better before I go to see my brother and sister in Alabama next week.", "Is she going with you? ", "She, like most cats, don't travel in the car to happily.  I am bringing the dogs though.  They love the trip and my sister has two dogs that they get to play with.  It's so much fun to see them all together.", "I bet! I hope she's back to herself before then. It would be hard to leave a sick cat at home.", "I agree.  If she's not feeling better, I may postpone the trip for a week or two.  What has Earl been up to lately?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, rough day at the park with my wife and kids. How was your day?", "Nate the hurrican has pass. My name is tracy and yours? I'm fine.", "Hello, tracy. I'm anna. Yes, I will be busy tomorrow cleaning out drains.", "My brother and three sister all live in alabama. Any siblings?", "I've two. I also have three kiddos. One wife, lol", "Great! I hope your wife is happy anna. I've two dogs. Any pets anna?", "We have four dogs and two cats.", "High five! My cat is named grace!", "Aww. That's my youngest girls name.", "Get out! Any brothers? Chicken tacos are great!", "No, only sisters. One owns an icecream stand. Her chocolate is to die for.", "Good. My dog name is earl. He eats tacos too.", "My fathers name was earl, my oldest is early, after him.", "Wow! You ever been to alabama? Great place."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Joan. I live in Illinois. I'm a kindergarten teacher in a Christian School.", "I like walking."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Chrissy. I live in Minnesota. I build robots for work.", "I'm allergic to water. I'm a recluse.", "I stream on Twitch.", "I like finance and Starcraft."], "current_conv": ["Oh man, the kids were all over the place at school today.", "it must be very tiring to work as a teacher", "It definitely keeps me on my toes.  Kindergarteners are full of energy!", "I bet so, how is the weather in illinois ?", "We have some great seasons here, we get a little bit of everything.  Getting warm now.  I bet Minnesota is cold!", "that's cool, It's freezing in here.", "Since it's so cold, I bet you get a lot of chance to work on your robots.", "I do, the cold weather makes me more focused for some reason.", "I don't know if I'd be able to live in the cold.  I love to go on walks too much!!", "Yes, that's a downfall of living in cold cities, i'm thinking of relocating soon.", "Try not to move too far south, the heat can be overwhelming.  I don't want you to be stuck indoors again!", "Thanks for the advice, what do you think of New York?"], "history_conv": [["My name is joan, and I live in illinois. I'm a kindergarten teacher.", "Hello joan! I'm chrissy from minnesota. I'm building a robot for my work.", "That sounds exciting! I'm clumsy with electronics.", "This robot will help me because I'm allergic to water! Do you enjoy teaching?", "I love to teach. I work in a christian school.", "That's really interesting. I am actually a recluse! Are you christian yourself?", "Yes, I go to church services every sunday.", "That is nice. Do you sing in their choir? I'm known for twitch streaming.", "No, I don't sing. Will you tell me more about twitch streaming?", "It is a broadcast software where 45 million gamers gather every month!", "That is awesome! Do you have any other hobbies? I like walking.", "I like finance and I am working on selling my game starcraft. Walking is fun.", "I do not play many games, but it sounds like fun! I like walking outside.", "The gaming world is very intense. Do you also like to go jogging?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a spouse.", "I enjoy running.", "I love art."], "partner_persona": ["I have children that don't live with me. I wish they'd visit. I have a husband.", "I'm a housekeeper. I used to be a painter.", "I'm 56 and don't run.", "I have a poor diet."], "current_conv": ["Have you  thought about painting again or some diet changes?", "I'm sure I'll start painting when I can find the time.", "Finding time for our passions, can be a bit of work, in between our other tasks. I try to do some hobby, at least once a week, to stimulate my mind a little differently. Been thinking about going to a museum lately, do you like art? ", "I like the Impressionists? What is your favorite kind?", "Ah yes. I have seen a Monet painting, of water lilies, that was really impressive, in person. The painter raised the oil to little wave crests, so in the light, when you walk by, the canvas appears to move, like water. I prefer Realism or Naturalism with art. Frida Kahlo is a fave, how about you? ", "I like Dali a lot, but not many others in that genre.", "Surrealism is a bit of work sometimes, and Dali's realistic work, especially religious themes, are pretty stunning. He would paint on Christian themes too, from a different perspective. What do you think of Dali's melting clock?  ", "Its one of my faves", "He can imagine practical things, in very different light. He also did a movie or two, that were difficult to watch. Dali has an intensity. Any other Dali faves? ", "Most of his early stuff. What other painters do you like?", "Ah, I see. Frida Kahlo, as I mentioned earlier, although classics like da Vinci open my mind. Love how he studied the human form, you know what I mean? ", "Yeah, the body is an amazing subject. So is nature."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "I am okay. I wish my children would visit more, though.", "I am sorry to hear that. I turn to my spouse in times like that.", "I do, as well. Though my husband liked me more when I was younger and prettier.", "That's unfortunate. Have you talked to anyone about this?", "No, I keep to myself. My housekeeping job isn't exactly a social one.", "That makes sense. I enjoy running to blow off steam. Have you tried that?", "My 56 year old body wouldn't tolerate that much strain.", "Oh I see. How about eating healthy? I stay away from meat.", "My diet isn't great. That's probably why I've not aged well.", "I think healthy habits can do wonders for a person.", "You are probably right. I was much healthier when I was a painter.", "Oh wow I love art!", "I do as well. It used to be my career, but I switched to housekeeping recently.", "What caused you to switch careers?", "Unfortunately, art isn't the most lucrative career path. What do you do for a living?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just moved to this country. I used to live in Australia.", "I work for a school as a secretary.", "I recently moved into my first home.", "I like to cook for my family. I have a husband and step children."], "partner_persona": ["I was born here. I'm at college for nursing.", "I work nights at a local bar.", "I like to cook. I don't like chicken. I don't own a home.", "I have two blond, blue-eyed kids."], "current_conv": ["I'm excited to try a new recipe for my family tonight", "Wow! What are you cooking?", "It's a new home made chicken alfredo dish!", "Oooh! That sounds delicious! How are you making it?", "Pretty straight forward. Regular fettucine and chicken but the sauce is a secret recipe I got from a close friend. ", "Oh, that's nice of them to share the secret with you.", "Yea, I was super excited because I've had it before and we loved it. I hope mine is the same.", "I'm sure it will turn out great. You are a great cook.", "Thanks! Cooking is one of those things you can always find ways to do something better. ", "For sure! What's your favorite dish to make?", "It's not anything special but pot roast in the crock pot with lots of vegetables1", "Oh that sounds nice. Very hands off, but still delicious."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "I am fine. How are you?", "Doing well. I just moved to this country and am learning new things.", "What country did you move from?", "I moved from australia to usa.", "Awesome. I was born in the usa. Going to college for a nursing degree.", "Very nice! Nursing is a good field. I work for a school as a secretary.", "Cool. I work nights at a local bar to pay tuition and food.", "Nice, tuition is costly. I recently moved into my first home.", "Nice. Having a home must be great. I like to cook at my place. Anything but chicken.", "I like to cook for my family, including my husband and step children.", "Cool. I've two kids each with blonde hair and blue eyes just like mine.", "Very nice. It has been nice chatting with you, but I must go.", "Yes me too. Have a great day.", "Yes, have a good day as well.", "Done. Nice chatting with you too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in a shipyard.", "I used to be in the Navy. My favorite color is navy blue.", "I volunteer at a bunny rescue center. I donate money to the bunny rescue center.", "I used to have a dog."], "partner_persona": ["I currently work for the Army.", "I like the color blue.", "I dropped out of highschool. I donate to charities."], "current_conv": ["What sort of charities do you like to donate to? ", "I mostly like to donate to environmental charities, especially remediation projects. Things like clean waterways and air. ", "Those are a great focus, to be sure. It is important to think about keeping what we have, working, and sometimes that takes extra help, with a non profit or charity. Do you spend much time in waterways, the forest? ", "I spend as much time outdoors as possible. I think sometimes, it's the only thing that makes life better on those bad days. It always makes me more at peace.", "I hear you there, and am really grateful we have forests in the area, to hike in. They are a favorite part of where I live. Do you have a favorite place to get outdoors? ", "I thankfully live in a neighborhood with lots of trees, and several parks. There's a state park in my area that I love to go to. ", "State parks are a good thing, and lately it seems the fees are changing. Maybe we need to offer more money to support these resources. Do you do volunteer work? ", "I do sometimes. I used to volunteer for the Forest Service but haven't had the opportunity recently. I'm incredibly blessed, the state park in my area is free. ", "Fantastic. I sometimes used to volunteer to do trail maintenance in a few local forests, and have some bicyclists friends who love trail riding too. Good to be mindful of what use though, some places are delicate. ", "I used to live in a town with a lot of bike paths in the woods that were specially made. They were wood chip lined and I used to love running/biking there. I'm going to have to look into volunteer opportunities when I get a chance. Do you have a favorite charity to donate to?", "Usually it's my time I'll donate the most, and I like to volunteer at local humane societies. Also, we have a child advocacy group called CASA, for foster kids, that I like doing work with. And running trails on wood, great cushion!", "CASA is a great charity to be a part of. I've seen them do some great things. That reminds me to apply to walk dogs for the humane society this summer! Thanks for the reminder. I used to have more money but I developed cancer and my energy is just gone."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I work in a ship yard", "Hi! That sounds fun. In ww 1 my relative was on a ship", "How a coincidence, I'm an ex military.", "I'm currently in the military. Army to be exact.", "Me I was in the navy, like my favorite color navy blue", "I like the color blue. My high schools color was blue.", "Did you do charities at hs? I am volunteering at a bunny rescue center.", "No, I dropped out before I finished. I donate to some now.", "I also give money to charity each month", "That is good. It brings good karma", "It good for the local bunnies, their life is so rough", "Poor bunnies. They need love too.", "We have a bad badgers problem, they keep eating the bunnies", "You should get a dog to keep the badgers away.", "I had a navy blue dog, but it was sick.", "A blue dog? Now that I'd like to see."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am retired.", "I volunteer at the soup kitchen and I love historic war programs.", "I was poor as a child."], "partner_persona": ["I like kayaking.", "I have basic survival skills.", "I don't like war. I love nature.", "I am not retiring soon."], "current_conv": ["Maybe one day we can go kayaking together if you want!", "Yes please! That would be so much fun! You have yet to go kayaking and it would be such a great experience.", "Is there anything necessary that I would need to know before I kayak?", "I feel like if I told you it would ruin the experience LOL where we can possibly go they will have a lesson for the first half of the day and then we can be on our own the second half of the day.", "That sounds fun! Hopefully there's a campground nearby and we can add it to the schedule. I want to test those survival skills of yours!", "I feel like I need to test my survival skills as well LOL without Practice Things fade away and I feel like you and I can definitely enhance our survival skills on a good weekend trip.", "For sure, we can teach each other what we know, bring a few survival guides, and we'll be like Bear Grylls in no time!", "haha What have you been up to this week? Any exciting news to share?", "Well some crazy stuff happened at the soup kitchen. I think one of the homeless was on something because he just ran out of line and took some poor guys food. It was nuts.", "oh no! What happened after? I hope nobody got hurt. the crazy thing that happened at my work today was that a patient came in to have surgery and instead of having a ride to take her home she decided to come with her baby. so we had to wait for the baby's babysitter to come and get her and also be the patient's ride home.", "We had to restrain the man so we could let them both eat, we weren't going to leave him hungry of course. Was the surgery urgent? That would be understandable if it was but either way that must have taken a while to figure out.", "it was oral surgery so it could have wait, I just wish it was more prepared, but we did tell her that we are running ahead of schedule so we kind of threw her off with babies"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? I'm doing great!", "I m good! Just been reading some journals on psychology.", "I remember those. I am retired. I am sitting back enjoying my cheese burger.", "I like cheeseburgers. I might get some tomorrow before going kayaking.", "That sounds great! I think everyone should read a little bit of psychology.", "Yes! Everyone should also have basic survival skills like my parents taught me.", "Psychology goes into everything. I just finished up at the soup kitchen.", "Do you volunteer at the soup kitchen?", "I help out there from time to time. I also love historic war programs.", "I m not a fan of war. I would rather be in the peacefulness of nature.", "I was a poor kid. We ate there a lot while growing up.", "Are you better off now?", "I want to make sure that I give back to those in need.", "Definitely! Maybe you could walk dogs too.", "Yes, I'm doing quite well now, happily retired.", "I can t wait to retire. Sadly I have a long way to go."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was born in Somalia. I got married at a young age.", "I am close with my aunt.", "I am a construction worker."], "partner_persona": ["I have short hair.", "I have two dogs.", "I eat when I am bored.", "I go to the gym often. I enjoy the treadmill and rowing machine at the gym."], "current_conv": ["I got a new construction job today!", "That's amazing! Congratulations! You are getting so much experience! What is it this time? ", "I'm building a new office building downtown. Laying the foundation.", "Oh, I saw the sign and was wandering what they are building over there.  I walk my dogs in that area sometimes/", "Yeah; it's hard work right now but I'm learning new skills on the job.", "I will definitely ask for your advice when I am ready to built a house.  How is your wife?", "Thanks for asking. My wife is a little bit depressed. I think she is having difficulty adjusting to life in the United States. She is homesick.", "I am sorry to hear that... I can totally relate as I went through that when I moved here ten years ago. Maybe I can hang out with her? We could go for dinner together. Or hit the gym. That's the best therapy for everything!", "That would be really nice. I think my wife could use some new friends. Although she's not too used to going to the gym. That is not so common in Somalia. ", "No worries at all! I understand. We can just go for dinner then. What kind of food does she like?", "Well, as you can expect, she likes food from our home country! Maybe you can take her out to a Somali restaurant?", "Definitely! I have never tried Somali food so it will be a fun experience for me as well. Maybe your aunt can join us as well?"], "history_conv": [["Hi names nate and I come born from somalia", "Hi, I'm kenneth and I use short hair, how are you doing?", "In my country I had to marry at a young age", "Wow, that sounds odd, meanwhile I just go to the gym often", "Now I have more freedom knowing I am now in the states", "That is good, you can be free to have dogs to, I live with two", "I am so grateful as my aunt has helped me to leave the awful place", "You are ok now, I just eat when I am bored", "Yes I am thanks to her help. I am", "You need a hobby now. I love doing the treadmill and rowing machine", "I do right now I am working", "What do you do for a living?", "I am a construction worker and work in different sites", "You can get money doing construction, better than going to the gym like me", "Haha well we all need to work and work out to stay fit", "Tell me something else I don not know about you"]]}
{"your_persona": ["Pizza is my favorite food.", "My favorite band is The Who.", "I have lived in Ohio all my life.", "I have a cat named Spook.", "I work in the supermarket."], "partner_persona": ["I like sushi. I hate chicken.", "I am in college.", "I like jazz.", "I live in Malibu.", "I don't have pets. I want to be a nurse. I work in a dive bar."], "current_conv": ["My cat threw up on my socks today.", "sorry about that. what's the gender of your cat?", "My cats a boy. The throw up was not fun to clean up.", "I can't say I've been there as I do not have one, but I'm certain its no fun as you said", "Exactly, not fun at all. Do you have any pets?", "No I do not, mentioned that earlier. Did  you go to work today?", "Actually today is my day off from the supermarket. I was  thinking of stoping by the dive bar later will you be working?", "Sure, I'll be working today. what time will you be stopping by?", "Im thinking this afternoon around 3ish. I want to run and grab lunch first. ", "Okay, I'll be seeing you then.", "Alrighty I should get on it so Im not late see you soon.", "okay. I hope I would be able to study tonight."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you? What is your favorite food?", "Hi! Anything but chicken, I d say sushi.", "Pizza is my favorite. Especially with black olives. Sushi is my other favorite!", "I d eat it all the time but my undergrad education is pricey", "I bet. How about your favorite band? I like the who the most.", "I like jazz but my best friend and now roommate plays rock all the time", "I was born and raised in ohio and have never left. What about you?", "Just another blonde hair blue eyed malibu beach kid here!", "So do you have any pets? Spook is the name of my cat.", "Can t afford any right now. After I finish school and am a nurse want a cat", "Nurse, huh? That is cool. The local supermarket is where I work.", "That sounds nicer than the dive bar that I work at!", "Well at least one day you'll be a nurse. That's admirable to me!", "I work nights at the bar now and wanna do night shift as a nurse"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a wrestler that competes in tournaments."], "partner_persona": ["I'm not very busy.", "I'm a professional athlete (Tennis). I am wealthy. I like swimming for exercise.", "I think I'm a really good tennis player.", "I'm married to a an international doctor."], "current_conv": ["How many Tennis tournaments have you won?", "I have won 7 so far. How many wrestling tournaments have you won?", "I've only started recently, and my best result so far is 2nd place overall. What was your first win like?", "It was like I had just climbed Mount Everest and was looking at the world around me. How often do you train?", "Oh I train everyday. My personal trainer and I have great chemistry. We've been working hard to get me prepared for the next tournament. How about you? How often do you train?", "I train 6 days a week. I like to rest on Sundays. Do you like to swim?", "I do like to swim, but it's part of my training! Haha. I do find it relaxing compared to my other training regimens. Do you swim for fun?", "I do. I have a personal indoor pool. It is great when you need some low impact activity. I can feel my stress melt away while swimming.", "Yeah I know what you mean. Competing and training can be quite stressful. Do you have any tips you can share for stress management during competitions?", "Yes. Stay focused and don't let the opponent psyche you out. Have confidence you can win.", "I bet the first tournament win was also a big confidence booster. There's a big difference between thinking you can win and knowing you can win.", "That is true. My wife was very nervous the first patient she treated. Now she has confidence she can diagnose any problem."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today?", "I am great. What are you up to tonight?", "Not much, just thinking about my day tomorrow. Gonna be busy", "Yeah? What do you have going on?", "I am a wrestler, and I've 6 matches tomorrow. And I've to work out.", "That does sound like a busy day. I'll probably lounge by the pool.", "Nice. I like pools. Wish I had one.", "I am a pro tennis player. I got the pool for the low impact exercise.", "Sounds awesome. Who is your favorite tennis player?", "Me! I really need a cocktail. It has been a long day.", "I hear you. Its been a long day for me too.", "My husband is a doctor an is working out of country right now.", "I do volunteer work and it takes up a lot of my time.", "That is very nice of you. I used to volunteer with my husband."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love all kinds of music. I use Youtube to search for new music.", "I don't like high maintenance people."], "partner_persona": ["I like classical and christian music. I like youtube.", "I value saving money.", "I am low maintenance.", "My sister is an exotic pole dancer."], "current_conv": ["I found some new music on youtube that I want to share with you.", "Great . what type of music is it?", "It is A group called Lazarus Hazardous. They are a contemporary chorale that sings gospel songs in a classical style", "You know what I like. Do you like their music? ", "Yes I found myself humming this song is quite frequently throughout the day", "Please send it to me . I can't wait to hear their music.", "Already done my friend. Check your inbox ASAP. Hey do you ever venidero investing your savings?", "Thanks. I'll check it.  Investing sounds risky. A simple savings account has been enough for me. Is it safe?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are things going today?", "Hi, pretty well! How are you doing today?", "Nice to hear. I'm doing great. Thanks for asking", "So, tell me about yourself", "I love listening to various genre of music. What about you?", "I very much enjoy classical and christian music", "Nice to hear. I try using youtube to search for new music", "Youtube is great, I spend a lot of time looking up youtube videos too", "Although I spend money on some things, it is cheaper to use youtube to listen to music", "Saving money is really important in this day and age", "Yes it is. I am not a fan of high maintenance people as well", "I am far form that, I drive a tractor and do not mind taking it easy", "Cool. Have you heard any britney spears song of late?", "Not lately, my sister who is an exotic pole dancer really likes her though", "Looks like britney spears is mainly into sensual and seductive dance and music", "I agree I think she's too", "Nice chatting with you. I've to run now. Bye", "It was nice chatting as well bye!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a professional tennis player. I love sports.", "I have a pet dog.", "I have a large family. I have children. I have a large house.", "My wife is a doctor."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like sports. My favorite animal are cats. I own three pet cats.", "I work construction. I know how to build things.", "I do not have any children."], "current_conv": ["I've decided to try and build my children a tree house. Any tips on how to get started?", "How old are your children? If you want we can sketch out a plan for the tree house, if you're free.", "I have 3 kids of the ages of 4, 6, and 10. Id love to see a sketched out plan for the tree house. ", "That's cool. I don't have any children yet, but I'm excited to do build their tree house. How do you manage such a big house hold, I feel you and your wife are always busy.", "Thank you so much. I usually do most of the work since im home often. But when ever i train my sister watches them or they sometimes tag along and they usually play around the club with my sister. ", "Wow, that's a good management and balance! I should seek you some advice when it comes to family matters!", "Definitely im always down to help others out! Do you own your own construction company or do you work for a company?", "Right now I work for a company, but I will go independent soon. I've just been building my portfolio and clienteles to start my own company. Do you do any other sports besides tennis? ", "I play golf and basketball every now and then. Depending on your job with the treehouse i could help you independent if you'd like i know people who are wanting to do some construction projects here in the next few months. ", "That's really great, I don't do any sports that's why I'm very curious. Hearing you want to help out makes me really happy and positive. I would do my best with the tree house, that's why we should meet for the planning so I can know what your kids like and what to put.", "I am free for the rest of the week so what ever day works for you is when we can meet. Just by talking to you i could tell that you are a hard worker and are great at your trade so i have no doubt in your ability to build.", "Thank you, I really appreciate it man. Things are really turning around. I hope I can also support you by going to your tennis match. When will be the next one?"], "history_conv": [["I play tennis for a living. Do you like sports?", "Hi. No. I am all about my cats. They're so precious.", "I have a dog. How many cats do you have?", "Three. In my off time I am building them a house. Just like at my day job.", "You build houses for a living? Cats are smart I am told.", "Mine are smart. Construction work for me. What is your job?", "I am a tennis pro. I love sports. I have a big family.", "Family is important. I learned everything I know from my father.", "My family is always getting bigger. I take my dog for walks. To get away.", "You have dogs. How many?", "Just one. Lots of children. My house has three stories.", "Good thing your house is big with all of those kids.", "My wife is a doctor. She likes taking care of people.", "That's great. The pay is probably better than mine for sure.", "She also has lots of expenses. Our children are fun.", "I suppose that's true. I like kids. Maybe I'll have some someday."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I sometimes work as a plumber.", "I have children. I have a wife.", "We currently do not have a dog. I would like an active dog.", "My favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate."], "partner_persona": ["I like rock climbing.", "I do not have children. I do not have a partner.", "My pet dog is a black lab. I go hiking with my dog.", "I work as an engineer."], "current_conv": ["Where is your favorite place to go hiking with your dog?", "I love going to Lewis Creek atleast twice a month.Have you ever tried hiking?", "No I have not yet. I would love to get a dog I can do stuff like that with, but I am not sure what breed would be best. Any recommendations on dog that are active and good with kids?. ", "My friend from work is an expert on dogs. If yor schedule allows, you can come over to my work places, check out some water pipes leaks then i will hook him up with you. As from 14:00hrs.", "That can work. I usually have some free time during the week because i do plumbing jobs occasionally. How is the engineering job going?", "It's great, we are currently working on a new prototype of an industrial machine that uses less power but great output. When you come we can grab ice cream as i take you round. How old is your eldest child?", "That sounds wonderful. I love Chocolate ice cream. My oldest is 13. She wants to be an engineer when she get older so maybe you could give me some pointers. Do you want kids in the future?", "Wow, that's wonderful. You can tag her along when you visit. I would love to have kids once i get married. I am really craving for a home with kids running around.i hope i will get a partner soon", "She would love that! I am sure you will find the right person to start your family with. You have a lot of great qualities going for you. Kids are great but a lot work also. Good thing you rock climb because that will help burn some of their energy . ", "Haha, it will surely keep them busy. What does your wife do?", "She is a homemaker. I must say, I dont know what I would do without her. She manages everything so well and keeps the kids on a great schedule. ", "I love that. am so happy for you. I hope i get to meet her soon."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Just got back from a weekend gig fixing a broken sink. How are you doing?", "I'm doing well. I'm getting ready to go rock climbing.", "Fun, I should take my kids out to do that. Do you have a family?", "I just have my dog, trooper.", "My wife is thinking about getting our kids a dog. What kind is yours?", "He's a sweet black lab", "Is he active? Love to get one that can keep up with my awesome kids.", "He's, we go hiking together a lot.", "Ever take him out for treats after? My friend gets doggy ice cream for hers.", "That is adorable. I never have, but now I will.", "My favorite flavor is chocolate, but I think that's bad for dogs.", "Yeah. I am an engineer. Maybe I could invent a chocolate that's safe for dogs", "Great idea! My family would eat it all the time.", "What do you do for work?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My mom is a dentist.", "I am looking for a job in the restaurant industry.", "I am not married. I have an older sister who is married.", "I like to go to the park. I play basketball.", "I believe in God.", "My favorite singer is Travis Scott."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like to go to the dentist. I work in a nursing home.", "My wife left me. The kids live with me.", "I spend a lot of time on Facebook.", "I do not believe in God.", "My favorite singer is Enrique Iglesias."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any fun weekend plans with the kids?", "Yeah!  I'm planning on bringing them into the nursing home to put on a concert.  The folks there love the small moments.", "That's wonderful!  What will your kids perform at the nursing home?", "Mozart.  They're part of a string quartet in real life!  And that's what they'll be doing there.  What about you?  Had any dates recently?  ;-)", "I love Mozart.  Cool beans.  I'm not sure what I'll be doing.  I might go hiking in the park.  Naw, I haven't had any dates recently.  Do your kids let the nursing home residents check our their instruments? Music is very therapeutic.  ", "Naw, they don't really let people touch their instruments.  After \"the incident\", I ended up having to buy a new cello...and since then, I've had them be protective of their craft.", "Tee hee, It's interesting the way you mentioned that your children are a part of a string quartet \"in real life\". What did you mean by \"in real life\"?  Just curious.", "I mean, that's their official job.  They play at events, charity concerts, and more.  It takes up a lot of their time.", "Oh, I understand now.  Thanks.  I'm an avid music lover.  Did you ever see the movie Amadeus?", "Not really, no.  It's not the sort of movie I'd like to watch.  I have seen Mr. Holland's Opus, however.  I've also seen a concert given by the New York Philharmonic!  They were amazing.", "Awesome!  The Philharmonic...boy do I miss seeing a concert.  What is the name of your children's group?", "Fourte.  They were going for original, and I think they got it."], "history_conv": [["Hi, my mom is a dentist, do you like the dentist office?", "I hate the dentist! I work at the nursing home", "That is cool, I'm trying to find a good job in the area, restaurant business", "That would be good! Are you married?", "No but my sister is though, she's my older sister", "How old? My wife just recently left me with my children", "She is 32, you should play basketball to get your mind off of things", "I should. I usually spend my time on facebook", "I like to go to the park instead and play basketball", "Parks are nice. Do you believe in god? I do not", "Yes I believe in god", "Well that is good, to each their own I guess", "Do you listen to music? I love travis scott", "I love enrique iglesias, he is my favorite", "He isn't bad, he is a good singer", "He is good looking as well, haha"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in my 20s.", "I like running.", "I am an honest person. I have a husband."], "partner_persona": ["I am in my mid-20s.", "I have trouble with self-control. I do not want to talk to a professional about my self-control issues.", "I live with my mom but she is very busy."], "current_conv": ["When you say you have trouble with self-control, what do you mean? Do you have a specific example?", "Yeah, sometimes I get frustrated for no reason and I just lash out. Has that ever happened to you?", "Yes of course. Sometimes at work I take things out on a couple of the girls there. We are generally good friends so there doesn't seem to be hard feelings", "That's good. Do you like to go running when you get frustrated? I bet that can be a good way to let off some steam. ", "Oh absolutely. My husband always tells me to go for  run when I'm stressed after work. When I get back, I feel so much better, especially if he made dinner", "Wow sounds like you have a great husband. What's your favorite meal that he makes for you?", "He does a great job with Italian dishes. Maybe a quick sauce or maybe something more elaborate", "Mmm sounds delicious. I like my husband's chicken and dumplings. It reminds me of my moms. ", "My mom taught me alot of dishes, but my husband doesn't like them.", "Aww that's too bad. I bet I would like your mom's dishes. :) ", "Well, she does come by and cook once in a while. My husband takes one for the team. Does your mom like to cook?", "Yeah, my mom loves to cook. She's taught me almost everything I know about cooking. And my husband taught me the rest. lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi want to get to know each other", "Hi, how old are you?", "I am in my twenties, you?", "Older than you, wanna guess?", "50? I need something to go on here", "Not that old, mid 20. How is your day anyway", "Pretty good. I took a nice run today", "You must be a positive person? Have you ever done something guilty? Just curious", "I try not to. My husband and I are pretty honest", "Well, that is good, but sometimes people just cannot have control over themselves, you know", "I disagree. Self control is in everyone", "But it is hard. Everytime I tried, it fails", "You could talk to someone", "Well, even though I live with my mom, but she does not have much time for me.", "Maybe someone professional. It may help", "No, they will say something nice, then just forget it the second day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 45 years old. I have a lot of physical problems.", "I take a lot of meds. My meds give me hallucinations. I don't take vitamin D.", "I used to drink alcohol, now I don't.", "I grew up on a farm. I live in a urban city now, not on a farm."], "partner_persona": ["I live on the moon."], "current_conv": ["I just bought a bottle of vitamin D. I hope it helps me.", "I could use some vitamin D. It's hard to find on the moon.", "Yeah i could imagine its quite hard to find anything on the moon, how do you survive?", "How does anyone? Haha! It's quite expensive and requires me to get items from NASA.", "That is very true. What made you decide to live their if it so hard to gather items you need? Especially food!", "It's okay we have major support from earth. It was my chance to be one of the first in human history to do something major. I couldn't resist.", "Oh wow yeah that is defiantly once in a lifetime opportunity. Do you feel as though you will ever come back down to earth?", "It's hard to say. The journey is dangerous. 1 out of every 6 supply shipments doesn't make it.", "Omg that would defiantly make it a hard decision on wether to stay there or come back home. Do you miss your family though?", "Well I'm in my 70s now and never had kids. So there aren't many left to miss.", "Oh ok well living your retirement on the moon will defiantly leave an imprint on earth and what a legacy you will be to the world. What would you say you miss most about living on earth?", "I miss trees and beaches."], "history_conv": [["Hi. Last week was my 45th birthday. I am an old man with so many infirmities!", "I am in quite a pickle, do you happen to have a nickle?", "I take so many meds and they have side effects. No nickel from me!", "If you visit me on the moon I can give you a birthday present", "Really? How do I get there?! I must be hallucinating. Meds make me.", "Side effects are a frame of mind, not a real physical thing", "Of course, the booze makes me see things, too, even though I don't drink anymore.", "I will build you a spaceship in no time", "Please. Never had an interest in space as a kid back on the farm.", "I saw a man drink so much booze he drank himself sober", "Never heard of that. Of course, I see many things now that I'm in the city", "I never broke a bone in my body with large amounts of vitamin d", "Wow! I need to check that out. So much is wrong with me.", "Man everything can be changed through belief, even your dna, change your reality", "Oh, I do not think so. I do not believe that.", "You do not sit in the reality, you are the reality!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do cardio workouts. I am a professional wrestler.", "I love helping people learn new things.", "I don't eat cheeseburgers.", "I work in a homeless shelter."], "partner_persona": ["I used to teach gym. I am retired.", "I love cheeseburgers.", "I like war documentaries.", "I was poor when I was young."], "current_conv": ["I have a wrestling match this weekend.", "Awesome!  Please let me know how it goes.  Have you been successful lately?", "Not really, I feel like the booker is too concerned about elevating his friends rather than the people who are most talented.  It hurts both the promotion I am involved in, and myself, in my opinion.", "I'm sorry.  Have you talked to him about your concerns?  Perhaps he can be persuaded to change.", "Yes.  Given that the outcomes are pre-determined in Pro Wrestling, there is a great deal of politicking and sucking up that is expected.  The people who determine the outcomes always seem to want favors, while I just want to go where my talent takes me.  My conversation with him revealed that I would need to compromise and start sucking up, which I do not want to do.", "Good for you for sticking to your guns!  But I have to say, maybe it's time for a change?  I grew up poor, you know.  I lived from job to job as I built up savings so that I could be stable.  But I was happy.  I did what I liked, and I felt I made a difference in the world.", "That is one of the major issues.  Professional wrestling is basically a monopoly now, with one company far above all others.  There are not any other viable companies to go to, so the choice I have is basically giving up what I love, or compromising my values.  I do not particularly like either option. I suppose I could try to transition to UFC, I do have a significant amateur wrestling background which got me into professional wrestling in the first place.", "I dunno.  I hear UFC is pretty brutal.  I admit I don't like the idea of anyone getting beat up for a paycheck.  But if that job is something you find joy in, something that makes you feel fulfilled, then I think it's worthy of consideration.  But I teach gym now.  It's a job that makes me feel happy because it makes others happy.  It's not the main job I would have signed up for at first...but I wouldn't change it for the world.", "I would not pursue UFC out of a desire to hurt people, just to compete with other fighters.  What do you typically do during your gym classes?  I am always looking for ideas to add some variety to my cardio workouts, have you done anything interesting or outlandish during your gym classes?", "You can probably tell I'm tired when I say I currently teach.  I did tell you earlier that I was retired.  And I still am.  But to answer your questions, I taught children.  I tried to keep things interesting by teaching trust-building exercises.  I would have the students try out each others' specialties in order to relate to one another.  Nothing too outlandish, but for one April Fools' Day...well, that's a story for another time ;-) ", "I know how that feels.  You get so caught up in a pleasant memory that you think it is still occurring.  I asked about your gym class experiences because mine were always so boring and \"vanilla\".  The strangest thing we did by today's standards was dodgeball, which would probably get a teacher fired nowadays.", "Yeah, I never ran into issues with that.  We did dodgeball more than a few times.  The children liked it a lot.  One time we did it in the dark!  And THAT time...I did almost get fired when one of the children tripped and sprained their knee."], "history_conv": [["Hey just came back from my weekly workout, how are you?", "I am good, thanks. What workout do you do?", "Mostly cardio, need to stay fit for my professional wrestler career. Do you do sports?", "I actually used to teach gym", "Oh that's great, I love helping people learn new things", "I'm retired now but trying to keep in shape as I do love my cheeseburgers!", "I quit eating them last year. What do you do in your free time?", "I probably should too. I like documentaries, war mostly.", "N my free time I work in a homeless shelter helping unfortunate people.", "That is so worthwhile. I was pretty poor when I was young.", "Ah I hope your financial situation is stable now", "That is so worthwhile. I was pretty poor when I was young.", "Anyway it was nice chatting with you, I hope to talk again", "That is so worthwhile. I was pretty poor when I was young."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm dating Taylor Swift.", "I work at a kindergarten.", "I have friends they like spiders."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a twitch streamer.", "I'm working on a robot. I'm a video game designer.", "I'm allergic to water.", "I'm afraid of spiders.", "I am a recluse."], "current_conv": ["Are you working on any new exciting video games at the moment?", "Yes I am . It's going to be unique. Unfortunately i can't give you too many details.", "No details?! Now I am even more interested. If you can't tell me about the game, can you tell me if you finished building the robot?", "Yes I did. The robot is almost human size. I was hoping to make it kinda like a cyborg. Taylor will love it.", "I'm sure she will. I haven't told her about it because I want it to be a surprise. Maybe next you can make a giant robot spider for my friends. ", "Quit playing with me!! No way ! You know I am scared of those creatures.", "Okay okay. I thought I would at least try! How is your Twitch stream going? ", "Not bad at all. I am streaming some of my popular games tonight. You should get your friends and Taylor to subscribe. ", "I'll have to watch the stream tonight. I will ask my friends, but Taylor is pretty busy filming Fast and Furious 10 in LA right now. Do you expect to stream the new game when it's complete?", "That's great. They will enjoy it. I know Taylor is too busy for me. I'll only stream my new game after it goes on sale .", "Will the game be available on all consoles? I'd like to play it when it's on sale.", "Yes . It will be initially released on PlayStation 5. Then other platforms will follow. I can't wait for the world to see it. "], "history_conv": [["I just left the vip lounge with taylor swift!!! Wahoo!!!", "Awesome! I am a twitch streamer, do you think she will come on my show?", "She's cool like that. I bet she will! She like twitch", "Sweet! I'm working on a robot, maybe I can make her one as well.", "Yes! We can take them to my kindergarten class for show and tell", "I'm a video game designer, and people say that makes me a recluse.", "You can hang out with my kindergarteners. They love everyone!", "As long as they don't have a water table, I'm allergic.", "Nope. I guess we could eat out with my friends? They love spiders.", "Yuck. I'm afraid of spiders.", "Oh I thought you liked them since you mentioned the brown recluse.", "No, I did not mention the spider.", "You said you were a recluse.", "Yes. But I am not a spider."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to go out dancing. I am a bit of a party animal.", "I have a cat named mouse. I have a dog named biscuit.", "I love cookies. I work at a food bank.", "I live in the city. I like to watch movies. My fav is Mean girls."], "partner_persona": ["I do not party.", "I have a dog named Sugar. I like to bake. I make famous sugar cookies. I take my cookies to my county bake sale.", "I like to knit.", "I am old.", "I would like to volunteer at a food bank."], "current_conv": ["Have you found a food bank in your area where you can volunteer?", "I did! I started donating some of my cookies too.", "That's great! I am so proud of you. What did everyone think of your sugar cookies? If I am being honest, I am a little disappointed that I haven't been able to try any yet haha!", "They loved them! One woman said they reminded them of the ones her late mother made. Maybe I should send you some? Can you find good bakeries in the city?", "Oh that is beautiful, I am sure you made her day. There are many good bakeries here, but nothing beats something homemade with love. I am a wild child but I also love the comforts of home.", "I can understand that. Do you ever take your pets out of the city? I bet they might like the comforts too.", "Yes, part of me has thought about sending them back home to live with my family where they can have a yard to roam in. I don't think it is really fair to keep them cooped up in a small apartment in the city. Eventually I will move out of the city, but it is fun for now.", "What will make you take the big step to leave and go back?", "I am still young and have a lot of partying left to do. Maybe once I meet someone special and want to start a family, I will think about leaving the city and go back to a quieter life.", "Do you think you will find someone in the city who also wants to leave?", "That is a good question, and I haven't really thought about that to be honest. I suppose that will be something I need to find out once I meet someone special to see if we are on the same page.", "Well I hope you do find that person! Dating can be a difficult numbers game."], "history_conv": [["Good evening! How are you?", "I am good! I was just baking cookies. What about you?", "Sounds good. Just getting back from a night out, I'm exhausted.", "What happened? Did you get into trouble?", "I like to go out dancing, a bit of a party animal. Do you?", "Oh no. Maybe when I was younger. Do you have any pets?", "I've a cat mouse and a dog biscuit. What about you?", "One dog sugar. I named her after my famous sugar cookies!", "I love cookies. We serve them sometimes at the food bank.", "Oh! I take them to my county bake sale. I love it there. Where are you from?", "I live in the city. I like to watch movies, my fave is mean girls.", "Have you ever tried knitting? I feel like it is the only thing I have anymore.", "No I never wanted to. Why is it the only thing you have?", "Well being as old as me, it takes my mind off my soon impending end.", "Best not to think of it that way. Maybe it is a beginning.", "Do you work at the food bank? I'd love to volunteer sometime"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a wife and kids - they are great cooks.", "I work as a plumber.", "I mostly hang out with my three kids in my spare time.  We love chocolate ice cream.", "I prefer the comic book versions of Spiderman. Spiderman and batman are my top picks."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Larry.", "I'm a chef and a fisherman. In my spare time I like to cook and be outside.", "My favorite movie is Spiderman. I read anything with Spiderman.", "I love making ice cream, and make it in the restaurant all the time."], "current_conv": ["Oh my goodness, my wife made the best homemade chocolate ice cream last night!", "You know how much I love ice cream. Do you think it would be worthy of being part of my menu at my restaurant? I am always looking for new ice cream recipes. ", "Hello! What have you been up to today?", "I went fishing this morning to see if I can find any new fish to put on my menu at work. Have you been fishing before?", "I've never been sadly. Do you think it's a good activity for kids? I'm always looking for new experiences for my three children.", "Yes I think your kids would love it. It is quite calming and exciting when you do catch one. You could take some ice cream and have some while you are out.", "Then I will have to try it with them! Maybe we can stop by your restaurant to get some ice cream after fishing. Are you working on any new flavors at the moment?", "That would be a great idea. Yes do come by and have some food. Currently, I am experimenting with a banana and caramel flavour. Do you think your family would like that?", "Two of my kids would love to try that. The other one is actually allergic to bananas. How strange is that? What flavor would you recommend to him?", "I am sorry to hear about the allergy. How about you send over your wife's homemade chocolate ice cream recipe and I whip something up similar to that for the little one?", "I'll have to ask her for it. She may not want to give it to you for fear that you make it better than her. She's a bit competitive like that. I'm sure I can convince her, though! Hey, what do you think about a little healthy ice cream making competition between the two of you?", "That sounds great. If you win I will buy your family a new comic book and if I win you can all come with me fishing sometime? How does that sound?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "How are you? I am larry and I love to cook!", "Nice to meet you, larry. I don't cook but my wife and kids are great cooks!", "I'm great! I'm chef and an avid fisherman.", "Do you work at a restaurant? I work as a plumber, inside mostly.", "What do you like to do in your spare time? I'm either cooking or outside.", "Mostly hang out with my kids we have three! We all love getting chocolate ice cream.", "Do you have any favorite movies? I love spiderman!!!", "I prefer the comic book versions more! Do you read at all?", "That sounds awesome! You have quite a full life.", "I try, thank you. It seems as though you do as well.", "I read anything with spiderman!", "That is fantastic. Spiderman and batman are my top picks.", "I love making ice cream! I make it in the restaurant all the time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like black and white film noir style movies. My favorite movies are Casablanca and Indiana Jones. I hate scorpions.", "My dad drove cars in Nascar.", "I have a German shepherd dog.I'm busy with my work. I plan to get a rescue dog."], "partner_persona": ["I watch old horror movies. I like old Dracula movies more than new remakes. My son is in junior high school. My son likes old horror movies.", "My dad works at home depot.", "I find Nascar exciting. I worked in human services.", "I love dogs. I have a rescue dog."], "current_conv": ["My meeting went well, where did you get your rescue dog?", "i got him from a local shelter not too far from  home. It's run by a good charity", "Awww. I bet he's so grateful to have a good home. Could you send me the details when you get a chance? I'd like to support a good charity", "No problem. i'll send you the details later today. what are your plans for later? Watching a TCM movie?", "Thanks so much. Yes, I think so. They're playing Night of the Hunter, I just love that movie! What are your plans for the rest of the day?", "My son and I will walk the dog then watch a horror movie after dinner.", "That sounds like fun. We should meet up and take both the dogs for a walk some time. I know mine could do with a good run around with another pup.", "That'll be great. I hope we will be able to keep up . Your dog is a big boy.", "He is! But he's slowing down a little in his old age. That's why I'm thinking of adopting another pup - get that playful side out of him again. It's so sweet when older dogs really click with another one!", "That's a great Idea. By the way, can I please meet your dad? I'd like to ask him about his Nascar days.", "Of course! I'll see if he wants to come on the dog walk with us. He loves talking about his Nascar days so he'll be grateful for the listening ear, lol.", "Wow.. Thanks. I can't wait . We should must agree a day and time soon."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "I'm okay. I just finished watching an old horror movie", "An old horror movie? How old? How was it?", "It was dracula from 1932", "Interesting. There are so many remakes of dracula.", "But the old ones are beter. Even my junior high school son likes them", "I am learning about the old film noir style. The grey color scheme is my favorite.", "Greys are wonderful. What is your favorite movie?", "I like casablanca! My other favorite is indiana jones... Even though I detest scorpions.", "My dad used to see scorpions when he worked at home depot.", "Ew. Thankfully, my father just drove cars for nascar. No scorpions there!", "Nascar is exciting. I spent a long time working in human services which was really boring.", "It is! I would always take my german shepherd, barnaby, to the track! Do you like dogs?", "I love dogs. I have a sweet rescue dog.", "I'll get a rescue soon! I've a meeting now, but it was great chatting!", "Okay. It was great talking to you."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Larry.", "I am a chef and love cooking. I like to fish.", "My favorite comic is Spiderman.", "I like any kind of pasta. I trained as a chef in Italy."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jerry. I farm bees.", "I like to cook. I fly fish.", "I have no family close to me.", "I like Spawn and Xmen comics.", "I love papaya."], "current_conv": ["I found a new recipe that uses papaya.", "That's fantastic! What are the other ingredients?", "Mango and oranges.  Blend them all together to create a sauce, then pour over anything to enhance a dish!", "Sounds delicious! What's it called?", "I haven't come up with a name for it yet.  I'm not sure what to call it.", "How did you discover it?", "My children wanted an \"exotic\" sauce to add to their food.  I took what I had on-hand, added papaya, and bam!  A sauce worthy of my childrens' taste buds.", "How well does it pair with pasta?", "I wouldn't recommend it for hot pasta.  It goes great with pasta salad, though.", "What other ingredients would you put in the pasta salad with it?", "Carrots, onions, broccoli, and a little vinegar to give it that extra kick", "oooh, I love that! I wonder what fish I could put with it."], "history_conv": [["Hello, my name is larry. What is your name?", "My name is jerry. I farm bees for a living. You?", "Well, I'm a chef. I absolutely love cooking. Do you have nay hobbies?", "Yes, I like to cook too. But I'm not a pro like you", "Even though I love cooking, I also like fishing. Do you like to fish?", "Yes, I fly fish. I love it. I wish I could invite my family", "Why can you not invite your family?", "I've no family close to me", "That's a shame. I am sorry. Do you enjoy comic books?", "I like spawn and the x men", "I love spiderman, myself. He is my favorite.", "He is a good character for sure", "Maybe we should trade comics and go fishing sometime!", "Ha that sounds good! What is your favorite food?", "Any kind of pasta. I trained as a chef in italy. It was amazing. You?", "Nice. My favorite is a fruit papaya!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from Canada.", "I have never been to California. I am part of the army.", "I have traveled to the UK. My grandfather was a world war veteran.", "I have fished a lot. I dropped out of school in the 10th grade."], "partner_persona": ["I am from California. I love living in California.", "I considered being a chef for the army before.", "I do not know how to cook shawarma. I cook mostly shrimp, catfish, and other seafoods. I enjoy fishing.", "I love school."], "current_conv": ["What do you love about school?", "School has been good, stressful but good.  I'm almost finished now, only 1 more month for the year.  How's everything going with the army?", "I'm going to be transferred to a new base soon, and I can't wait to get my assignment. I'm not sure where I'll be heading yet, but there are some pretty cool possibilities.", "That's awesome!  Do you hope to be closer to your home or where do you hope you'll end up next?", "I've already seen home, I want to go somewhere new! I joined the army as a way to see the world, so I'm hoping to go overseas somewhere. I might even get to go to Hawaii, Bermuda, or Japan.", "Oh that's awesome!  Being from California, I've travelled to Hawaii a few times so that's a wonderful place you could end up.  It's amazing.  They also have great food over there!", "Yeah? What's your favorite Hawaiian dish?", "I'm a big fan of the Poke dishes.  I mainly like to cook with seafood, so having their Poke dishes was a treat.  I try to really incorporate their flavors in my dishes I make.", "I don't like seafood much, but I know they're meant to have pretty good pork and ham, which I do like. Can never say no to some bacon!", "Yeah!  Bacon is great to cook with, I hope to really start expanding my cooking, maybe I'll incorporate more bacon!  I know you've been the UK, I want to try their food to help expand my knowledge.  Did you like the UK?", "I did! It was my first time in a foreign country. I wanted to start off somewhere with English as the main language so I wouldn't feel lost! Are you planning a trip soon?", "I hope so!  Going to different countries is something I want to do more of.  I'm glad you get the opportunity to hopefully do that with the military!"], "history_conv": [["Hello from canada, how are you?", "Hello I am from california. I am good and yourself?", "Sunny california, never been there but have traveled a lot in the army.", "Oh should go to cali. I love living here. Where have you travelled?", "Mostly in the uk. Following in my grandfathers footsteps as a world war vet.", "I thought about being a chef for the army", "Do you know how to make shawarma?", "I don't. I cook a lot of seafood like shrimp, catfish, etc", "You are making me hungry. What else do you like to do?", "Ha ha did not meant to get you hungry. I like to fish.", "I spent a lot of time fishing and probably would have finish school had I not.", "What were you going to school for?", "I got up to the 10th grade and just did not want to do it no more", "Really? I'm sorry to hear that. I always loved school"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I visited the gym this evening.", "I have a twitter account. I enjoy playing video games and finding music on the internet.", "My best friend is a feminist. My best friend and I do not like Trump.", "I have solar panels at my college.", "I am a vegan. My father bought me a maclaren, and that's what I drive.", "My dad donates a lot of money to charity.", "I am going to be a veterinarian."], "partner_persona": ["I browse the internet a lot.", "I am a feminist.", "I have solar panels on my roof.", "I live in a small home and I only buy organic food.", "I am a vegan as well.", "I am 32 years of age and retired."], "current_conv": ["What was your profession before you retired?", "I was a fictional author. Do you read alot?", "I read a lot of online articles on gaming a music. What kind of fiction did you write? Mystery? Romance? Sci-fi?", "That is good to hear, it is always fun to read about your passions! I wrote romance novels. Cheesy love stories where the woman was normally the hero, but I love them. Added a different story line to the normal love stories. ", "That is so cool! A feminist twist on romance is genius! I can't believe you were able to retire at just 32. What do you do with all your free time now besides browsing the internet?", "Thank you! It was a risk, but following my gut paid off! I like to cook and research new vegan recipes. Do you have a favorite vegan recipe I can try out next?", "I made vegan \"chicken\" fingers using oyster mushrooms a couple weeks ago! As a fellow vegan, I was really missing the crispiness of fried chicken. Is there anything non-vegan that you really miss?", "Wow, that sounds amazing. I will be trying that this week! I hate to admit it but I miss the comfort of a good old cheeseburger from time to time. ", "That is SO fair. And I feel like it's so hard to find a really good vegan patty. Beyond burgers are okay, but the realness of the \"meat\" turns me off a little bit. I definitely miss cheese. A lot.", "Oh my goodness, yes I miss cheese too! What made you decide to be a vegan?", "A couple things. The environmental impact of meat and dairy products was what started my research into veganism. Then I started to read up on how poorly the animals are treated on dairy/egg farms and decided that I didn't want to be contributing to their pain.", "Sounds like perfect reasoning! All similar reasons for me. Does anyone ever give you a hard time about that choice?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "Hi, I'm great, how about you?", "I am doing very well, just came back from the gym.", "Cool! Do you twitter? I browse the internet a lot.", "I do, twitter is my first love, second are video games and music.", "If you have never chatted with a feminist, you can say you have now.", "My best friend is one, we agree to disagree on everything except trump.", "Lol. Have you heard of solar panels? I have them on my roof.", "I have, we have them at my college.", "I live in a tiny home and all my food I buy is organic.", "I'm a vegan, and drive a maclaren. Daddy bought it for me.", "Wow, small world. I'm a vegan too. That was nice of your daddy.", "He is a good man, he donates a lot of his money to charities.", "That's a good man are you going to follow in his footsteps?", "I'm not. I'm going to be a veterinarian.", "That could be a good profession, too. I'm retired at 32."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I snack while I watch TV.  I like healthy snacks.", "I'm vegan. I just moved.", "I like the TV show \"Lafer! Lichter! Lecker!\".", "I'm from Germany. I love hummus. I love thrill seeking.", "I'm open to going skydiving. I like riding rollercoasters. I've never been to Heide Park, but I'm open to going. I've never been on a roller coaster in Greenland."], "partner_persona": ["I just moved. I like healthy snacks.", "I'm vegan. I'm from Germany.", "I like hummus.", "I love thrill seeking. I want to go skydiving.", "I've previously been on a roller coaster. I prefer the roller coasters at Heide Park."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any vegan meal recommendations for me?", "I do!  A vegetable pizza with broccoli, peppers and onions.  Use fresh ground flour for that fresh taste.  When you get the texture of the vegetables just right, it tastes amazing.", "How do you recommend I prepare the vegetables? ", "Steam the broccoli first.  Make it a little under the texture you want because it will continue cooking in the oven.  As for the peppers and onions, I recommend you fry them on the stove lightly, just to give them a good char before you set them on the pizza.", "That sounds really simple! I'd better make some extra to snack on while the pizza is cooking. What temperature do I need to have my oven on?", "I do it at 400 degrees.  Others may suggest 350, but I really want to dig into that pizza ASAP lol", "Fahrenheit? My oven only uses Celsius. I thought yours did as well. What is it in Celsius?", "My oven actually does use Fahrenheit.  Although I'm from Germany, I live in the USA now and the ovens use Fahrenheit here.  As for converting to Celsius, it's a simple math problem.  5/9 * (F - 32)", "Oh! I didn't realize you were in USA now. Ok, so about 200C. That's simple enough! I like to put olives on my pizza as well sometimes. How do you feel about that?", "Olives are great!  I try to avoid the salt, however, since my doctor told me to cut down on that.  But they really do pep up a pizza.", "They really do! Also some peri-peri sauce and basil can really make it come alive. Can you get peri-peri where you are now?", "Not really.  I've looked around.  It's sold on Amazon, though, so I don't have to make it myself ;-) "], "history_conv": [["Hello. I am watching tv snacking. How are you?", "I hope it is a healthy snack. I am doing well, just moved here.", "It is. I am vegan. Just moved here too! Where from?", "I too am vegan from germany. Have you seen lafer! Lichter! Lecker! On tv?", "Oh yes! I love shows like that and watched it back home a lot.", "They do amazing things with the hummus. Where is back home for you?", "Also germany. I love hummus. I also love thrill seeking. How about you?", "We are long lost twins! Will you go skydiving with me?", "Only if you ride a rollercoaster with me!", "The roller coasters here don't compare to that of heide park.", "I should try to go then! It was a pleasure speaking with you. Bye!", "You are a delight! We shall travel the world looking for the best roller coasters.", "I hear the ones in greenland are quite cool. Haha.", "That's funny. Enjoy your snack and we can speak again soon.", "Thank you! Have a wonderful day.", "If ever you are back in germany let us meet at the heide dorf."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I plan to take over the world.", "I'm 56.  I don't live at home anymore.", "Time has not been good to me.  I was beautiful years ago. I was popular at one time and made a lot of money.", "I spend my days cleaning and remembering my artistic paintings."], "partner_persona": ["My hopes and dreams are to spend time with friends having fun.", "I'm 19.  I work at Burger King.  I still live at home.", "I want to move out.  My parents are always on my back.", "I like to paint."], "current_conv": ["I've been dreaming about getting back into paintings and making some more money.", "I love to paint! That's awesome!", "I used to paint futuristic scenes inspired by space. It was very unique. What do you like to paint?", "I like abstract works, such as Jackson Pollock. Did you paint for a living?", "Jackson Pollack is great. My kids love to paint like him as he is very abstract. Yes, I used to sell my paintings for a few thousands a piece. I still remember the days when I had galleries full of my work. It was fantastic!", "That sounds great! I work at Burger King right now.", "What would you like to be when you get older?", "I haven't decided. Right now I just like spending time with friends.", "That is nice. You are still young, 19 years young, still long way to go before you are stuck in a career. What are you passions?", "Right now I just want to have fun! I'm hoping to move out of my parents' house soon.", "Do you hope to move in with friends or live on your own? I went straight to living on my own, it was quite daunting back then.", "Oh I will get a place with my friends. It will be so much fun!"], "history_conv": [["Good evening. What are your hopes and dreams?", "Hello. My hopes and dreams are to spend time with friends having fun.", "That is nice! I plan to take over the world!", "That sounds like fun. I work at burger king and I still live at home at 19.", "Well I'm 56, so I don't live at home anymore.", "I just want to move out. They're always on my back.", "I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe they just want your help around the house?", "Maybe I will help more. I do not do anything wrong... No drugs... Nothing", "I'm proud of you for doing good things!", "Why thank you. That sure does mean a lot.", "Well, time has not been good to me. I was beautiful years ago.", "I am sure you still are! It is the insides that count!", "Thank you. I spend my days cleaning and remembering my artistic paintings.", "I bet you are a wonderful painter. I like to paint.", "I was popular at one time and made a lot of money", "Popularity and money are not everything."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a professional dog walker. I work in the mornings.", "I love Germany. I'm in grad school. I want to visit Germany after I finish grad school.", "I live in a house. I read psych journals. I like camping and kayaking.", "I hunt. I eat what I hunt. I'm a carnivore. I don't like vegetables."], "partner_persona": ["I just moved from Germany. I'm getting used to the time difference.", "I love rollercoasters and skydiving. I love swimming but I'm a bad swimmer.", "I'm vegan. I love hummus.", "I'm a software engineer at Boeing. I moved from Germany to live with my family."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any tips for me for when I visit Germany?", "I would strongly suggest visiting the Becks beer brewery.  They have a wonderful tour.", "Oh that would be amazing to do, i do love a good beer. What was your favorite thing to do whilst living in Germany?", "I am a big football (European) fan, so loved going to see my favorite club, Bayern Munich.", "I am also a big fan of both European and American football. Are you into any other sprts?", "I am a big fan of cycling.  Really enjoy the Tour de France.  One day I would like to run alongside the cyclists as they are biking up the Alpe d'Huez!", "Yes that would be amazing to do. I usually watch that on Tv every time. I also a big fan of the olympics i plan on going one year when its closer to me. Do you enjoy watching the Olympics?", "Yes, Olympics are great, for me, I prefer the winter ones to the summer ones.  I actually attended the 2006 winter olympics in Turin.  It was awesome.", "Oh wow im so jealous. I enjoy both but for me i would say i enjoy the summer olympics more just because i understand the rules of most of the sports played, compared to the winter olympics. But i would sure love to try skiing one day.", "Skiing is fun, but I am much better at \"apres ski\" activities!", "One day i will try that too. I also so see your into sky diving you are so brave. I would love to try but that one defiantly scares me. Haha. ", "I was scared too, but after a few tandem jumps you get used to it.  I am actually sky diving this weekend if you wanna give it a try."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! How are you?", "I am well, how about yourself?", "I am good. Just getting ready for work.", "I see. I just got home from work, actually. We are on separate schedules!", "I'm a professional dog walker and the pups tend to get up early.", "That sounds great. I just moved here from germany, so the time zone is very different.", "I love germany. I hope to visit after grad school.", "What hobbies are you into? I love rollercoasters, skydiving, and swimming. Though I'm a bad swimmer.", "When I am not in the house reading psych journals, I am camping or on my kayak", "How fun! What foods do you enjoy? I am vegan and love hummus.", "Anything I can hunt, I'll eat! I'm a real carnivore!", "That sounds so gratifying! I'll not eat meat, but that sounds fun.", "We would be great together. I'll not touch vegetables! Between us, nothing is safe!", "Haha, yes. We can eat a pot roast!", "So what do you do for work?", "I am a software engineer working for boeing. I just moved stateside to live with family."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have horses.", "I have a farm. I live in a small town.", "I'm in law school. I plan to practice in Manhattan.", "I only know English."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a musician. I play guitar.", "I study languages. I am learning Spanish. My favorite word in Spanish is trabajo. I'm not good at speaking Spanish.", "I like tacos.", "I teach music to kids and young adults."], "current_conv": ["I think I'm going to start learning Spanish in my free time.", "We can learn together. Do you know what a biblioteca is?", "I believe that means library. I really only speak English though.", "Yes it does. I am learning Spanish at the local library. You can join my class if you want. I am not very good but it is fun to learn.", "Thank you for the invite! I am currently in law school so that takes up a lot of my time.", "Yes I did think that. Law is a tricky subject to learn and I did wonder if you had time to join. Maybe just download an app and learn on the go.", "Yes an app might work! What other hobbies do you have?", "I play guitar a lot in my spare time. I am teaching my kids to play at the moment. They are starting to pick it up. Do you play an instrument?", "I do not. I spend my spare time with my horses. It's so peaceful.", "Horses are amazing animals. Do you have other animals on your farm?", "Oh yes. Dogs, cats, chickens, and goats. I love all the animals.", "Wow so many. I wish I had a pet. Animals are amazing creatures. I think I would love a parrot and see if it would dance to my guitar playing. That would be fun"], "history_conv": [["Good morning, how are you?", "Hello! I'm doing well, thanks. Yourself?", "I'm okay. Watching the horses graze in the pasture.", "That must be beautiful! I'm just playing some guitar, being a musician can be boring.", "So can farm life, especially in a small town.", "I bet. Luckily, I do other stuff like study languages to keep me occupied.", "I am in law school, I will be practicing in manhattan when I graduate.", "That is exciting. Do you know any languages? I am learning spanish.", "Only english. I'm no good with other languages.", "I'm not great at speaking yet, but my favorite word in spanish is trabajo!", "What does that mean? I only know taco.", "Haha! I wish I had some tacos. Trabajo means...... Work!!", "Nasty word. What do you do for trabajo?", "I teach music lessons to kids and young adults."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Amy. I hate clowns.", "I am afraid of heights. I own a gas station.", "I have pushy parents. I have parents trying to set me up with guys.", "I have a husky that is protective. I have a hyper dog."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Mandi. I hate heights.", "I don't have a job. I volunteer at a food bank.", "I love to party. I have lenient parents.", "I have a cat named gizmo and a dog named dixie. I have a fox terrier that is hyper."], "current_conv": ["My new gas station is doing well!", "That is amazing to hear. What is your favorite part so far of owning the gas station?", "I like meeting the variety of people who come to buy gas, and also the regulars that are becoming a main stay.", "I bet that is a nice aspect, regulars are the best. Maybe I need to come apply for a job there! ", "Something to keep in mind when we have a vacancy, to be sure. I appreciate your positive attitude. The location works well too.", "Is the station located in a busy area, or just a heavily traffic corner?", "Actually it's in a rather quiet area, but it's close to my home, and I tend to get a lot of farmers, workers with rigs. ", "Oh nice. Have you had any problem customers, or people that have been difficult?", "We've been looking at new security systems, although I invested in locks and good mechanical security.", "That is probably a smart investment for any business. Are you a 24 hour station?", "Not at this time, and probably not for the long term. My goal is to keep the business in a manageable size, kind of a hobby business.", "I like that idea. I can imagine there may be a lot of security issues if you switched to 24 hours. Have your parents come by the store?"], "history_conv": [["Hi I am amy I hate clowns", "I hate heights! I am mandi", "Heights are scary to. Do you work I recently started at a gas station", "Sounds fun! I do not work, I volunteer at a food bank periodically", "Oh that's a good cause. Do you have pushy parents to?", "No mine are pretty cool good thing too because I love to party", "Oh my adoptive parents keep trying to set me up with guys", "That's crazy! Do you have any pets?", "Yes I have a god she protects me from clowns", "Aww! I have a cat, gizmo and a dog, dixie", "Me to she is part husky very protective", "I bet she is beautiful!", "People say she's she's a very hyper dog", "My fox terrier is also very hyper", "Do you have any plans today?", "I was thinking of walking the dog, and you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in finance and work nights. I also waitress during the day. I am a female.", "I am an only child.", "I only drive a motorbike. I love freedom.", "My parents aren't strict but want me to wear a helmet.", "I played football for the new orleans saints a few years ago."], "partner_persona": ["I am a dog trainer. I have sisters that I opened a service with.", "I have 3 older sisters and one younger brother.", "I love motorbikes. I go to Alabama for a festival every year that is near my house. I live in Alabama."], "current_conv": ["How was the motorbike festival that you went to in Alabama?", "It was great!  I had a fantastic time! There were lots of people there and lots of vendors, things to do and buy.  You should have been there.", "I live in Mississippi so it's not too far away, but this year I couldn't make it.  My boss needed me to work that night.  What was it like?  Can you tell me more?", "Oh sure.  There was a live band playing on one street. They played a lot of classic rock and they were really good.  There was a couple of contests going on.  One was judging the best customized bike. You should have seen the winner!  I've got a picture, do you want me to show you?", "Yes!  I'd love to see it!", "Okay, give me a minute to find it on my phone.  In the meantime, what did you think about Drew Brees retiring?", "Now Drew Brees gets to feel the breeze of retirement.  Probably on some beach.  Pun intended.", "That's good!  Did you like him?  Was he as good a person as they make him out to be on tv?", "He was so much fun to be around.  I barely spent any time with him, but he did thank me for a thing once.  It felt good.", "Yeah?  What did he thank you for?", "Just being me.  He didn't use any flowery words or anything.  I felt appreciated.", "That's cool!  Do you miss football or are you happy in your current job?"], "history_conv": [["Hey how is it goin", "Great! About to go get some tacos! How are you?", "Doin good and that sounds good, what kind of work you do?", "I'm a dog trainer, my sisters and I opened a service!", "Cool I work in finance at night and do a little waitressing during the day", "Nice! Do you have siblings? I have 3 older sisters and one little brother.", "No I do not only child. Do you like motorbikes?", "Love them! I go to alabama fest every year! Its down the road from my house.", "My motorbike is the onl way to get around love the freedom", "Do you have strict parents?", "No not really other than they always prefer me to wear my helmet", "Well that is nice! Do you play sports?", "Played a little football for new orleans saints few years ago", "Really cool! Is that where you live?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My son has bipolar disorder. I have 5 sons."], "partner_persona": ["I don't hve any children. I can drive. I have an Nissan Pathfinder car.", "I love Taylor Swift and her music. I have been to Nashville. I met Taylor Swift in a bathroom in Nashville.", "I can be shy. My hair is cut short and is mouse brown in colour."], "current_conv": ["I took my son to the doctors yesterday and the doctor prescribed some new medication for his bipolar and I think he seems somewhat calmer today.", "That's good, it's nice that you've found something that's working. How old is your son?", "He's going to be 14 in a few months. I knew the teen years would be rough but whew! How was the rest of your day yesterday?", "Honestly, I had a lot of fun in high school, but it seems like he's got a tougher time than I did. I'm doing pretty well, thinking of what to do over the weekend. ", "Take that Nissan out on the road and see what trouble you can get into! It looks like the whether should be quite nice at least.", "I think that a day trip would be pretty fun. I love going off the main roads and seeing what quirky little things I can find. ", "If I were you I'd head to Nashville for some adventuring. Such a beautiful area and you might bump into your old friend Taylor again, lol", "Haha, I wish. I was so starstruck that I don't even know if I managed a complete sentence! So cool, but so embarrassing!", "Don't worry, I'm sure she was just as embarrassed to meet a huge fan in a bathroom, haha!", "She was very sweet in person, which is good to know. It's always a letdown if your favorite celeb is actually not all that nice! Have you ever met anyone famous?", "Sadly not. I would love to. I'm so glad she was nice! I agree, not only is it disappointing in the moment but it makes it really difficult to enjoy their art from then onwards, you know?", "Who would you pick, if you could meet anyone? Hopefully not in a bathroom, haha. "], "history_conv": [["Hey, I hope your night is going well", "Hello, thanks. Mine is great. How is yours going?", "Its great even though my bipolar son had a violent meltdown", "Wow, so sorry to hear about that.", "Yeah, he's a piece of work. I had to send him away today", "That is sad, like something taylor swift would sing about. I love her.", "Does she have bipolar disorder as well?", "I don't have kids. My nissan pathfinder can really act crazy though!", "You are lucky to not have any, I have 5 boys to raise", "I manage a convenience store. I'd like to have kids someday.", "Well my advice is that you take your time", "When I was in nashville I bumped into taylor swift in the bathroom!", "Wow, how did you feel?", "Shy. I just had my mouse brown hair cut short and did not feel pretty.", "Let me tell you something. You are beautiful and you are perfect", "That is so sweet! Thank you! You are an incredible person.", "I know how hard it is, remember youre beautiful in your own way", "I think we are all beautiful and special in our own way.", "Yes, yes we are. Never compare yourself to anyone else", "I agree. Be positive, claim your power, and live life to the fullest!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite toy was the rubiks cube.", "I have a part time job at Burger King.", "I like dancing. I don't like drinking or drugs.", "I like to hang out with my friends.", "My favorite music is Rock."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite childhood toy was a Lite Brite.", "I had a rubiks cube.", "I work with computers. I have weekly dance lessons.", "I've never drank. I don't like drugs. I was born in 1981.", "I like pop music. My favorite band is New Kids On The Block."], "current_conv": ["My manager told my I'm going to be able to start working full time next week!", "That is great, what will you do with the extra money", "I think I might start going to more concerts with my friends! I want to see this KISS cover band in June.", "That's awesome. i love going to concerts! it just gets so hot in the summer time", "Have you been to any concerts recently? And have you ever seen New Kids On The Block/ a cover band of New Kids On The Block?", "I went to Coachella a few years ago.  I am hoping to go to another festival sometime this summer", "Oh COOL! I've never been to a music festival. What are they like?", "They are a lot of fun because they have all sorts of genre of music.  They are exhausting though because its all day for multiple days", "Right...I know some people camp on the festival grounds. Do you do that or stay in a hotel nearby?", "I usually like to camp to get the entire experience!  Usually its cheaper that way and its more fun!", "That's definitely a good choice. I bet with your weekly dance lessons, you blow everyone away with your sick moves at the festivals.", "Ha yes!  Having a couple beers will make me a better dancer! is Kiss your favorite band?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "Good, I was just finishing looking thru my closet for old items.", "Are you looking for something special?", "Yes. I found my old lite brite from the eighties. It was my fav. Toy.", "My favorite toy was the rubiks cube", "Very cool. I had one of those.", "I work part time at burger king. What do you do for a living?", "I work with computers. But once a week I take dancing lessons.", "Nice I like dancing. But I do not like drinking or drugs.", "Same here. I was born in 1981 but I have never had a drink.", "Good. I just like to hang out with my friends and have fun.", "I agree. What kind of music do you like?", "I like a lot of different kinds. My favorite is rock.", "I like pop. New kids on the block, my favorite."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm looking for a job. I cook. I hope to get a job at a restaurant.", "I love playing basketball.", "I have a sister. My mother is a Dentist.", "I'm not married."], "partner_persona": ["I love to eat.", "I study ballet. I love contemporary and hip hop dancing. I teach dancing to troubled youth for work.", "My siblings died. I'm from Somalia. My aunt helped me flee to the United States. I was forced into marriage. I'm divorced."], "current_conv": ["I got a call back today from the steak house I applied to work at!", "That's great news! Did they set up a time for an interview?", "We are still playing phone tag, although it feels promising. Great to have a lead that is interested.", "I am sure you will wow them on the phone, and they will want to meet you in person! Do you think you might have to cook as part of the interview?", "Good question, the ad didn't mention this, although they may mention that when we talk. It feels good, feeding people. ", "I have never been much of a cook, but I have lovely memories of my mom making traditional Somali dishes for me when I was younger. Do you have any recipes that bring back strong memories when you are making them?", "Mostly the simple, home cooking stuff from my family. Biscuits are a fave, and my mother has a decent roast recipe. ", "What do you think you would make if that ends up being a part of the interview process?", "Well, they are a steak house. And they have pretty good ribs. Wonder what their kitchen is built like, if they have good equipment.", "Is it a fine dining steakhouse? Or more casual? Either way, I'm sure the kitchen will be amazing.", "They are kind of, reputation wise, somewhere between Sizzlers and Black Angus, which are pretty popular steakhouse chains. They're more home grown though.  ", "I love restaurants that are a bit more homey; although, I have been known to gorge on Sizzler's salad bar! I really hope you get the job. Is cooking your dream? Or  just a \"for now\" job?"], "history_conv": [["Evening. This is roland. How are you?", "Evening roland, I'm shariah. I'm fine, how are you?", "Great. I hope I have some luck job hunting tomorrow.. I cook.", "Sending good luck your way. I am a dancer but I love to eat.", "Thank you shariah. What type of dance. Basketball is my passion.", "I love contemporary and hip hop, but I am currently studying ballet.", "Do you have any siblings. One sister for me.", "No they died in somalia before my aunt helped me escape to the united states.", "I'm sorry. Awful. My mother makes sure I brush my teeth. A dentist.", "The man I was forced to marry was a dentist. Are you married?", "No. Not yet. Is he good to you?", "He was nice, I'm divorced now though. What job are you looking for?", "A restaurant job. I am a cook. Do you work?", "I am sorry you did mention. I teach dance to troubled youth.", "That's nice. They need people like you who care.", "I do care. I love to give back anyway I can. What about you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My daughter loves to perform. I watch my daughter perform in the park.", "I'm looking for a new job. I'm a doctor. It's hard for me to get time off work.", "I watch movies in my free time. My favorite movie is Friday."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Justin. I'm on tour. I'm a performer.", "My parents are alive. My parents are musicians. I love being a performer.", "I've been playing guitar since I was 3 years old. I perform in national parks.", "I like watching old westerns.", "I like to cook for my crew."], "current_conv": ["Where have you been performing lately?", "Mostly in the Northwest.  Colorado, Utah, Nevada, etc.  I still perform in national parks sometimes.", "That sounds nice.  I bet you get to see a lot of great scenery while on tour like that.  How have the crowds been?", "Not too crowded.  A few sold out, but mostly cozy.  I actually like it that way.  You should come to one if you live nearby!  I'm performing at a local festival in Colorado, so you can catch that for free if you're there.", "I just may do that!  My schedule is pretty tight but I will do my best to make the time.  My daughter, I know, would love to see you perform.  She is a lot like you you know.", "If I recall you have the last name Sanders.  Is your daughter Jessica Sanders?  You told me she performs in the park, and I performed with a Jessica Sanders at the national park last year.", "That's her! I had no idea you two had worked together!  She's gotten better in a years time and she's beginning to get more gigs now!", "That's awesome!  I hope she gets a lot of success.", "So do I! I hope you both do!  Maybe you two can pair up again?", "That'd be great!  I'm booked until July 4, but maybe sometime after that?  ", "I'll get with her and see when she's available and then have her get back to you! Hey, do you ever perform with your parents?", "Sometimes!  They've done backup vocals and also have had their own acts at a few of my concerts."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Hi, I'm justin. I'm on tour and just came in from a performance", "That's awesome, how do you like performing? I am currently looking for a new job.", "It is my life. I was born into it. Both of my parents are musicians", "Sounds like it was ment to be. My daughter loves to preform she's a prodigy really.", "Great. Very good to start young. I've been playing guitar since I was three", "Hopefully she makes it big, I love to go to the park and watch her preform.", "I schedule stops at national parks. Maybe you both could come to a show", "That would be amazing. Being a doctor it is hard to get time off.", "What do you try to do in your free time?", "I love to watch movies, my favorite is friday. What about yourself?", "I like watching old westerns when I'm not rehearsing.", "I am sure your job keeps you busy. Tell me something else about yourself.", "Not really anything special. I like to cook for my crew. That's about it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like video games. I helped design the game starcraft.", "I don't like garlic bread. I'm a recluse.", "I like black.", "I have a full sized robot that hates everything. I hate everything.", "I never twist. I play Twister. I like computer games."], "partner_persona": ["I like video games. I like Wii gymnastic games. I do gymnastics.", "I like garlic bread. I go to the gym every day.", "I look good in anything yellow.", "My toy robot is an Olympian. I'm an Olympian.", "I love to twitch dance.", "I like Italian food."], "current_conv": ["What are your favorite Italian foods?", "Definitely fettuccini Alfredo. My wife and I had it on our first date, which makes it even better! Do you like Italian food?", "Yeah, It is not my favorite but I like it. How long have you been married?", "Okay what is your favourite food then? We've been married for 3 years now, and one kid on the way!", "Hey, Congrats on the little one, When is the next Olympian (lol) due to arrive? My favorite food is Asian. ", "Hahaha the lil guy is due in 3 months! Gonna be doing gymnastics before he can walk;) Asian is good! Are you married?", "No, I haven't met the right video game/robot loving girl yet. I don't know if marriage is something I want to do. Did you always want to get married?", "You'll find someone eventually! It's a good thing you didn't settle. And yeah I always knew I wanted a family and to get married.", "Do you want a lot of kids?", "Oh yeah! I want a whole baseball team of kids lol. Do you want kids someday?", "Lol about the team.... I was wondering if you'd go there lol. I am not sure how to take care of kids. I think they need food, water, and exercise. That's about my limit of knowledge. I may just need to stick to games and robots", "Hahaha oh yeah you called it! And maybe a plant would be better for the time being, or a dog!! "], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you like video games?", "Yes, I like wii gymnastic games because its my best sport.", "Oh nice, I helped design the game starcraft", "You like garlic bread? I do and I go to the gym everyday.", "No. Some may call me a recluse. I have a robot to do things for me.", "Interesting! I look good in anything yellow. What about you?", "Yellow reminds me of the sun. I like black. Do you like twitch?", "Cool! My toy robot is an olympian just like me. Wierd huh?", "Makes sense. My full sized robot hates everything, just like me. Weird huh?", "Yes I love to twitch dance. Do you twists. Twisting gives you a good workout.", "I never twist. Only in twister. Twitch is a video streaming website.", "Thanks for sharing that. I want some italian food today. You hungry?", "Are you sure you should be eating? You are an olympian silly.", "Right! Do you workout or just play on websites? Do people generally dislike you?", "Computer games til I die. What are people?", "Oh you got jokes huh? People are disposable objects. What your favorite color?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am fluent in english, spanish, and french.", "I enjoy hiking and biking.", "I have visited the eiffel tower."], "partner_persona": ["I speak english, spanish, and french.", "I enjoy planning world domination and knitting.", "I am 55 years old.", "I have visited large attractions.", "I used to be a painter."], "current_conv": ["What are some of your favorite paintings that you have done?", "I did a nice one of a the reflecting pools in DC. It was really challenging but really rewarding ", "That's great! Do you travel a lot to DC?", "Not a ton, I was up there visiting some family. I should go back sometime though. What about you, ever been", "I have been to DC before; i love the culture there.  The cherry blossoms are great during the spring season!", "Ah man, I wish I was there during the Cherry Blossoms, that would be impressive I'm sure. ", "It a must go during your lifetime. Do you enjoy travelling anywhere else?", "I'm up for just about anything. As long as I can do some sight seeing and paint maybe, I'm happy. ", "What are some of your places to go sightseeing?", "I was in Paris when I was younger, that was a major bucket list destination. I like nature now that I'm a bit older though, less people and confusion. ", "I have been to Paris multiple tiimes.  what was your favorite part about it?", "Hard to not say the Eiffel Tower. I enjoyed just walking around and finding little mom and pop shops to eat at though, that was a lot of fun. "], "history_conv": [["I am fluent in three different languages. Do you speak more than one language?", "I do speak multiple languages. Which ones do you speak?", "I speak, english, spanish and french.", "Those happen to all be languages I speak. I want to visit france sometime.", "Yeah, I heard it is a nice place to visit.", "I think it would be nice. What are some of your hobbies?", "I'm enjoy, hiking and biking. How about your self?", "I love planning world domination. I also like knitting.", "Interesting. Are you planing on visiting france anytime soon?", "Hopefully within the next few years. I am 55 so the sooner the better!", "If you go, you should definitely visit the eiffel tower.", "I'd love to. I enjoy large attractions.", "What are some of the other attractions, you plan on visiting once you go to france?", "Definitely the mona lisa! I used to be a painter."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from California. I have a job.", "I love to watch scary movies. Friday the 13th is my favorite movie.", "I spend most of the day with my kids. I am interested in learning more about classical music.", "I had a great father. My father works at a home improvement store and has taught me about it.", "I was a public service employee. I wish I could have been a handyman."], "partner_persona": ["I live on a farm in Michigan. I love to drive tractors. I am handy on the farm. I work on tractors.", "I like classical music, nature, and calm things.", "I do not have children, but I want to have 4 children. I am 24 years old.", "My parents are great. I want to follow in my parents footsteps as a farmer."], "current_conv": ["Are there animals on your farm?", "There are many animals and we have a large variety - cows, pigs, horses, sheep.", "I love cows, I think they're so cute. Which is your favorite?", "There is this cow we have named Lucy.  She is a dairy cow, but I have had her since we was a baby and I hand raised her.  How old are your kids?", "Aww, that's cute. They're 7 and 11. And one of them is also named Lucy, haha. ", "That's amazing!!!  I bet that they keep you busy. Young minds with a lot of energy at that age for sure.  Do they like scary movies also?", "They do not. They get nightmares, unfortunately. ", "Oh no....   I am sorry to hear that.  I am not a big fan of scary movies either.  On a farm, there is a lot of noises at night and that is scary enough", "Oh, I feel like it's easier with animals around. I used to be scared of living alone because of all the sounds without reason, but after I got a cat it was easier to explain it away. ", "definately....   it's easier to talk yourself out of beliving that the noises are for only bad reasons when there is another creature around  ", "Plus, I found that I really liked having a cat!", "What was your cat's name?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you doing?", "Hello. How are you and where are you from?", "I am good. About to go into work. I am from calfornia.", "I live on a michigan farm. I love to drive the tractors.", "Wow! I love to watch scary movies. Friday the 13th is my favorite.", "I'm into calmer things. I love classical music and nature.", "That sounds soothing. I am with my kids most of the day and need this music.", "I really like kids but do not have any. I am twenty four and want four kids.", "In a few years once you'll be ready. My father was a great dad.", "My parents are also great.", "Well you have great examples. Are you handy at all?", "Yes. I do a lot of work on the farm. I work on and drive the tractors.", "My dad works at a home improvement store, so I learn alot from him", "That's good. Home maintenance is important.", "I wish I could have been a handy guy. I was a public service employee.", "I want to do what my parents do and farm."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play violin and guitar. I will play at a charity.", "I play ping pong.", "I speak chinese. I worked in china at a shipyard.", "I like the water. I like chocolate bars. I like to always be close to chocolate."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer. I spend time at the rabbit rescue. I donate to the rabbit rescue.", "I work at the shipyard. I was in the navy.I like the water. I try to always be close to the water.", "My favorite color was blue when I was young."], "current_conv": ["So do you go out on boats to enjoy the water?", "Yeah, it makes me nostalgic of the days in the navy. The waves are really calming and the blue hue is really nice to look at. What about you?", "I work in the shipyard but I don't really like being in the water. I work in the shipyard but I don't really like being in the water. I mainly work on the ship but never while it's moving in the water.", "Oh that makes sense. What do you usually do on the shipyard? Do you help repair things or are you just a mover?", "I am just a mover. I work with others as a team to get things that need to be on the ship. It has worked out fine for me so far.", "Well that's good. It's important to be able to get along with your other crewmembers. Do you guys ever fight?", "haha when we disagree we do. There was this one time this guy was really upset with me for taking on a task and almost threw me off the edge. But he apologized right after.", "I'm glad he came to his senses, that would've been bad for both of you! He would've been fired and you probably would've gotten injured. What was the disagreement about?", "It was because him and I were working on an assignment together and I volunteered us to stay past 5 and he got sooooo pist!", "Oh man that's understandable. I would be pretty mad too! Anyway how are your songs coming together for the charity? I bet they're going to be really good.", "they're coming along. I just can't wait to go in front of people and show off my lyrics. You need to be there when I do!", "Of course! I'll be there to support you and to donate to the charity. I'll be cheering even if no one else is!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how is it going?", "Doing well thanks. Getting ready for work and volunteering tomorrow.", "How nice! I'm playing at a charity tomorrow. I play violin and guitar.", "That sounds lovely. I get to spend time at the rabbit rescue.", "Rabbits are awesome they do not usually bit.", "This is a local place. I donate a portion of my check each month.", "How kind! I usually waste all my free time playing ping pong.", "I work at the shipyard, now that I am out of the navy.", "How interesting. My main language is chinese. I worked at a shipyard in china.", "That is interesting! I continued at the shipyard because of my dedication to the water.", "Water is good, it can be relaxing. Almost as relaxing as eating chocolate bars.", "When I was younger, my favorite color was blue like the water.", "It sounds like you were meant to be on the water.", "I believe so. I try to be close to the water always.", "Kind of like me with chocolate. I keep it close bye all the time", "Does the chocolate help you in some way?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a girlfriend. We didn't live together before I joined the Navy. I was previously in war zones. I've been in the Navy for years.", "I love the color navy. I joined the Navy because I love the color. I work with a bunny rescue. I prefer working with the bunny rescue now over the Navy.", "I volunteer with and donate to the bunny rescue.", "I have a silver-eared bunny with a red, white, and navy blue bow."], "partner_persona": ["I love bunnies. I'm moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend.", "I enjoy photography. I like the colors red and silver.", "I've never had an apartment with my boyfriend before.", "I teach English, Spanish, and French in elementary school."], "current_conv": ["I'm thinking of doing a fundraiser for the bunny rescue.", "That's really cool!  What kind of fundraiser are you thinking of?  I mean, will it be selling something, a walkathon, a raffle?", "Yeah it is! I am so excited. I have not decided yet. I am thinking of doing like a \"walk for the bunnies\" type thing only where people bunny hop instead of walk haha.", "Oh that would be a great idea!  I'll defnitely sign up when you do!  Speaking of bunnies, how is yours doing?", "He is doing really great. I am thinking about getting him a friend though. He seems lonely sometimes. Do bunnies get lonely?", "i think they do.  I've seen wild ones playing together out in the yard at my parent's house.  They chase each other around and look so happy!", "WILD BUNNIES!?!?! Oh Em Gee that is adorable. Maybe you could tape them and send me a video. OHHHH I could do a bunny video contest with a cash prize with entry fees as a fund raiser", "Hey! Now there's a neat idea!  People love to make videos of all kinds of things!", "I could do like  a grand prize of 20% of the entry fees and a second place prize of 5% of the fees. Third place can get like a starbucks gift card or a chocolate easter bunny lol.", "Sounds like a plan!  So, now you just have to decide on a start date.", "You are a teacher, don't you know how to make good flyers?", "I do!  Do you want me to make the flyers for your fundraiser?  Are you okay with the primary colors being red and silver?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Are you interested in adopting a rescued bunny?", "I love bunnies but I'm busy moving into a new apartment with my boyfriend", "I'd have loved to live with my girlfriend before I went into the navy", "The navy sounds tough. I teach elementary school.", "I only joined because I love the color. I much prefer working with the bunny rescue, now.", "I would like to take pictures of the bunnies. Do you help alot of rabbits?", "Yes, by volunteering and donating to them each month. What do take pictures of?", "I just enjoy photography and the colors red and silver.", "I've a silver eared bunny you would love, with a red, white, and navy blue bow.", "Your bunny sounds adorable. Bunnies are very gentle and quiet animals", "Definitely welcomed after my years in war zones. Is this your first apartment with your boyfriend?", "Yes I am excited about the move. Thank you for your service", "My service? You teach elementary school. You are the hero, here!!", "It is a challenge. I teach english spanish and french", "Oh! I just had an idea. Could you take photos of our rescue bunnies?", "I'd love too. I hope I could help the wonderful creatures"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a cat and dog.", "I'd love to travel. I am afraid of heights.", "I volunteer at a food bank.", "I love to cook. I want to try real persian food.", "I live in Florida.", "I was to be docked at the'sle of man."], "partner_persona": ["I am traveling.", "I have a yacht. I rent it out. My boat is pet friendly.", "I like to cook. I am trying new foods.", "I would like to try persian food too."], "current_conv": ["I just found the best place to travel to with the yacht.", "Oh really? where is that at? ", "There's a small island a little off the coast that turtles gather around.  It's a great cozy spot that's great for picnicking and feeding teh turtles.", "That sounds like a wonderful little boating adventure to go on. would you like to go with me some time?", "Yeah!  That sounds great.  I can bring the food.", "what kind of foods do turtles eat? we can bring them some snacks too! I've never seen a turtle up close before. ", "I think they're omnivores.  So fish, vegetables and other raw foods I think would be good for their diets.  I'd want to double-check, though.", "What day works best for you to go with? I'm usually available on the weekends", "I'm always available on the weekends.  Pick one, and I'll be there.", "How about this weekend? Maybe we can find some persian foods to take with us for the picnic?", "I hope so!  Or better yet, we could cook some up on the yacht.  I could bring the recipes and the materials, and help with the cooking.", "that would be a lot of fun!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today? My cat and dog are very well.", "Great! I am traveling round the world for a year.", "Nice! I'd love to travel internationally, but I am afraid of heights.", "It is cool. I've a yacht. When I am not using it, I rent it out.", "Wow. That would go a long way if sold to help the food bank I volunteer at.", "Oh. Maybe I can help. I like to cook, although I am no expert.", "I love to cook too. I'm making lasagna, to eat while watching mean girls tonight.", "Lasagna is delicious. I have been testing different foods on my trip.", "I have always wanted to try real persian food.", "Hmmm... I'd like to try that as well.", "I am in florida, where are you?", "Currently docked at the'sle of man.", "Very nice. That is on my bucket list.", "You should rent out my yacht when you are ready to travel.", "I don't think I'd ever do that, unless my pets could come too.", "Pets are welcome. Hope they don't get sea sick though!"]]}
{"your_persona": [": I take my mountain bike out for a ride.", "My  favorite color is pink.", "I  speak English. I haven't been able to learn anything else."], "partner_persona": ["I am a chocolate bar lover .", "I enjoy playing ping pong.", "My father has taught me a lot about electricity. My father is  an electrician.", "My  favorite color is brown.", "I learned  Chinese at home."], "current_conv": ["I have just bought a pink T-shirt", "That's cool that you got a shirt in your favorite color. My favorite color is brown. Because brown is like the soil and soil helps plants grow big and strong. ", "True.  Do you like to garden? Or just like plants?", "I love plants. I especially love the coco plant because it's the main ingredient in the chocolate bars that I love eating.", "Cocoa plants are hard to grow in the United States but Hawaii has an abundance of them.  Where do you live?", "I live in Hemet, Ca", "Cool, I live in San Bernardino.  We should get together sometime.", "I'd love to. We could play some ping pong.", "We could and you could try to teach me Chinese.  That would be awesome.  I just might be able to learn.  How'd you teach yourself?", "I watched chinese drama shows. I love how passionate people are with their emotions.", "I heard that a lot of people learn English by watching English shows.  Interesting how that works.  I might need to try it.", "It's also fun to learn what's trendy in their cultures"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today", "I am fantastic, how are you doing??", "I am doing ok drinking some coffee", "Coffee is tasty, but I am a chocolate bar lover myself.", "Those can be pretty good as well. What do you do for fun", "I enjoy playing ping pong! What do you like to do for fun?", "I take my mountain bike out for a ride.", "Exciting! How do you feel about electricity?", "I love to have it lol I don't know that much about it just about currents", "My father has taught me a lot about it, he is an electrician.", "That is a rewarding career. What is your favorite color? Mine is pink", "Brown like chocolate of course! Do you speak other languages?", "No I only speak english. I haven't been able to learn anything else", "To bad, we could be chatting in chinese!", "That is a hard language to learn. Did you go to school to learn it", "No, I learned at home."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Paula. I am 24 years old. I live in Australia but from Argentina.", "I work as a kindergarten teacher. I think being a teacher is my true calling.", "I love taylor Swift. I am getting married next spring. I have known him for 1 year."], "partner_persona": ["I love music. I am sad about Tom Petty.", "I am from west virginia."], "current_conv": ["I picked out a theme for my wedding!", "Aw, that's awesome! What's it going to be? And I wanna know all about the music too!", "I was thinking Taylor Swift at first, but then I thought that was a bit too weird. We're just making it music themed, and both my Fiance and I will decorate the venue with records we like. ", "Tom Petty has some great wedding songs... just sayin' lol. Music themed sounds amazing! It could be cool to have every guest bring their favorites. Are you going to have the wedding in Australia?", "That's a great idea, I'll check out some of his music and add it to our playlist. Yeah we plan on doing it in Australia, his family is around here and mine wants to visit, so it's a good mix. ", "What's spring like in Australia? I realized I don't know much about the southern hemisphere when I was surprised about my friend telling me Christmas in Australia is a hot wildfire season. ", "It's pretty warm in the more Northern parts, and a bit cooler south. It should be nice, we have some ideas around Alice Springs.", "That sounds like a great place for a wedding! Are you going to have a lot of your family there?", "We're keeping it smaller. We want it to feel personal and really connect with the guests, so really just our close family and friends. ", "Aw, that sounds lovely. I can't wait to have my own wedding someday! What do your students think? Are you going to change your last name?", "I plan on it. They aren't really clued in haha. It will be in between school years, so I don't think it will cause too much confusion. ", "Oh, that's good. I remember being confused when my preschool teacher got married and changed her name because she also ended up being my kindergarten teacher lol."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm paula, what is your name", "Hope you are having a good evening. Where are you from", "I am a 24 year old woman from argentina, living in australia since may!", "Are you homesick or enjoying your experience", "I work as kindergarten teacher at a school so pretty busy", "I am sure you are busy. Do you feel your work is your true calling?", "Yep! Been working as a teacher for s long time! Do you like music?", "I love music. Have you enjoyed tom petty? So sad about his passing", "I love taylor swift music! Will play it at my wedding next spring! Did not know!", "Congratulations on your wedding. How long have you known your partner?", "Mm one year, we have just decided before this chat hehe", "I wish you all the best. Do you have great conversation", "Thank you! Where are you from? Did not ask", "I am from west virginia usa. Are you going to have a big wedding?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am high class and conceited.", "I travel everywhere. I spend lots of money.", "I am to pretty to cook. I only eat salads to maintain my figure.", "I shop when I am in europe."], "partner_persona": ["I go to Europe twice a year.", "I love to cook paella and fish and chips.", "I majored art in college.", "I am a descendant of christopher columbus.", "I visit history museums."], "current_conv": ["I am going to europe soon do you want ti come with me", "I'd love to!  Will you be going to any museums?  That's my favorite thing to do when I travel!", "Absolutely! Feel free to let me know what recommendations and we will be sure to go. I am really looking forward to going!", "Sounds great!  Which countries were you planning on visiting!  Since I go so often, I think I've been to all of them but they're all so amazing that I'd go back to any one of them!", "I plan to go to France, Monaco and Italy. Have you been to all three?", "Yes!  Italy is my favorite!  Rome has my heart!  The history there is just fascinating!  Have you been before?", "I've been once but it has been many years so I am looking forward to seeing how things have changed. It sounds like you will be very helpful at planning this trip!", "I think my love for cooking helps me plan where to eat very well and my background in studying art helped me learn so much about Europe!  I should have been a travel agent!  Have you been anywhere besides Europe lately?", "Yes, I just got back from Thailand a few weeks ago. That was a fun experience. What about you, have you traveled lately?", "I was in Portugal a few months ago!  The street art there is beautiful!  Lisbon is such a cool city!  The sea views and the hills and trams!  It really is amazing there!", "I loved the time I spent in Portugal! I hope to go back soon. Do you have any upcoming trips planned besides Europe?", "I'm looking into going somewhere in the Caribbean.  I'm still in the planning stages though.  I haven't really set anything in stone yet.  How about you?  Have you been anywhere in the Caribbean that you recommend?"], "history_conv": [["Hi I am very high class and conceited", "Hello, just came back from my trip to europe. I go there twice a year! You?", "I travel everywhere, I spend lots to go on luxurious trips", "Do you like cooking? I always cook paella and fish and chips! I love them!", "Cook??? I am to pretty to cook", "Well cooking is like an art, I majored art in college and it is really exciting!", "I only eat salads, I've to maintain my figure", "Have you heard of christopher columbus? I'm a descendant of his family!", "I only eat salads, I have to maintain my figure", "Salad are a great way to keep your weight!", "That's cool. You should know a lot about history", "Yeah I usually visit history museums when I go to europe.", "When in europe all I do is shop", "Yeah they got a lot of great looking clothes!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to play Call of Duty.", "I love going to live action role play events.", "I don't like country music. I like Insane Clown Posse.", "I like doughnuts."], "partner_persona": ["I work on vintage cars. I have two vintage mustangs.", "I like country music."], "current_conv": ["How's working on your vintage cars going? ", "Its going good. I bought another mustang to work on. Do you know anything about cars?", "I don't know how to fix 'em, if that's what you're asking.  I'd love to learn, though!", "Maybe sometime i can show you a thing or two. So whats your favorite type of doughnut? I love doughnut holes and just regular glazed or sugared ones. ", "Long johns.  I love the kind filled with bavarian cream!  You ever been to Daylight Donuts?  They make some great ones!", "No ive never tried daylight doughnuts. Are there any locations other than in oklahoma ? Have you ever tried krispy kreme?", "There's some here in Alabama.  I have tried Krispy Kreme!  They make amazing glazed donuts and have great deals sometimes in their app.  But I admit I prefer Daylight Donuts' long johns.", "I should try it sometime. Whats your favorite song by Insane Clown Posse? I remember listening to one were they dissed eminem. ", "I don't have a favorite.  I admit I gravitated towards them because of the name ;-) ", "Would you say thats your favorite genre of music? ", "Not really.  I like worship music a lot.  It's really popular where I am.", "Like church music ? Thats defiantly different from ICP. So i take it your religious?"], "history_conv": [["How are you? Taking a short break from call of duty. I play a lot.", "Nice, I'm currently taking a break from working on my vintage car.", "Nice weekend right? I love going to live action role playing events usually on weekends.", "Sounds interesting! I usually go to country music concerts on the weekends.", "Listening to insane clown posse right now. They are my favorite. Not like country....", "That's funny, I have to vintage cars with radios set to my favorite music. Country.", "I have to go pick up some donuts. I am really into donuts right now.", "That's funny. I could eat a donut while I work on my vintage cars.", "I am really like craving donuts.", "I could drive you to get some in one of my two vintage mustangs.", "Can we listen to insane clown posse, my favorite band, in the car?", "Sure, as long as you tell me all about donuts. You made me laugh so hard.", "Lol. Next weekend, I'm doing a larp, live action role playing, event.", "Sounds awesome. Do you dress up for these events?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a buddist. I haven't spoken in three months.", "I live in Alaska.", "I do not have a dog.", "I am not married."], "partner_persona": ["I like to take baths.", "I like to meditate.", "I am 35 years old. I don't drink or smoke. I am not married.", "I have pet dogs."], "current_conv": ["I finally broke my silence!", "Oh wow, that's amazing!  What made you change your mind and finally speak again?", "I just felt it was time. I can't explain it, I just had a feeling I needed to.", "Well that's good!  If you felt it was time, than it was time.  You can always go back to it if you feel things aren't working out right?", "I can, yes. though it feels good to talk to people again.", "Oh for sure!  What was the first thing you said?  Hopefully something exhilarating! ", "Oh, it's not that special. I just said \"Hello\"", "Haha well that's a good place to start!  How has Alaska been?  Hopefully not too cold for you.", "It is cold but you get used to it. Just have to spend most your time inside or bundled up really well outside. is it warm where you are?", "Yeah it's getting there.  The weather is still changing but we didn't have too bad of a winter.  It's nice to have the dogs around to keep me company.", "there are a lot of huskies around me. I've thought about getting one. ", "You should!  Dogs are amazing, and huskies love the cold weather!  Lot of work but they're so worth it!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Hi! Great thanks. Just taking a bath. You?", "Trying to get through the day without speaking, it is very hard.", "It is worth it though, just meditate. How old are you?", "I'm buddhist, I'm on a full time spiritual journey.", "Me too, I don't drink or smoke. I'm 35.", "That's very good. I don't speak, haven't in three months.", "My dogs don't speak either, perhaps they are buddhist too?", "They very well could be, unless they're huskies or malamutes.", "Yes huskies are always catholic. I really like my foamy baths.", "Huskies are very noisy, especially the sled dogs here in alaska.", "Yes, they're hard workers though. My dogs are lazy, both of them.", "I do not know about that. I do not have one.", "Are you married? I'm not.", "I'm not. Nor will I ever be.", "Ok, I hope to be someday. I'm already 35."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am allergic to dogs and I like tea.", "I am deaf in one ear. I don't like sports.", "I'm not very religious.", "I love halloween.", "I like action and history movies."], "partner_persona": ["I am 20 years old.", "I love tea.", "I like to read.", "I am open minded.", "I like scary movies. I like the movie \"It\"."], "current_conv": ["I just heard of this new action movie you should check out!", "Oh really? what is the name of the movie. i love scary!", "Well it's not scary but it does have a lot of action in it.  It's Black Widow. It's a Marvel movie made of the character Black Widow from the Captain America movies.", "I love Marvel movies.  i grew up watching a lot of them.  Who was the star actor in Black Widow?", "Her name is Scarlett Johannsen.  She's been a bunch of other movies. I'm sure you've seen her.  ", "of course. I have aan 8 year old son, do you think it is appropriate to take him?", "Hmmm, that all depends on what you approve of. It's a normal Marvel movie and kids definitely go to see them.  Have you let him see other ones before?", "I watched Wolverine, which was very violent  Ant Man was good!", "I like both of those.  I think Black Widow will be less violent than Wolverine simply because of the characters. Wolverine is violent on his own.", "Thank you for the recommendation!  Any other movies out that are good for kids?", "I've seen a trailer for a movie called Cruella. It's the villain from the movie 101 Dalmations. That should be good!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, what do you like to do?", "Hello, I'm a 20 year old man, I work in it. Do you like dogs?", "Not really, allergic to dogs, I do like fancy tea though", "I love tea, do you enjoy sports at all?", "I lost hearing in one ear, so no sports for me, do you like to read?", "Yes are there any books that you'd recommend?", "I've many books in my library, tale of two cities is great", "Are you religious at all? I'm very open minded to others beliefs", "You could say I am christmas and easter religious,", "Are you excited for halloween? I have been watching so many spooky movies", "Oh yes, I love halloween, whats your favorite movie?", "I like the new it movie, what movies do you enjoy?", "Action and history mostly, the great escape is my favorite", "I have never seen that movie, do you enjoy food?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to ride my bicycle.", "I do not play a musical instrument. My main hobby is mountain biking. I once got a pink guitar as a gift. I don't like pink guitars.", "I don't drink alcohol.", "I work for my father. I am a construction worker."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to country music. I play the guitar. I got my first guitar at age 3. I would like a pink guitar.", "I am a singer. I am in a country music band.", "I travel a lot. I grew up in the music industry. I love both travel and music."], "current_conv": ["My bike ride was great yesterday - 50 miles, all of it off-road in the back country!", "My son has a mountain biker too!  This is a great time of year for mountain biking, according to him", "It certainly is.  I love being in the great outdoors and smelling the pines in the air.  I did see a herd of elk in the valley.  Where is your favorite all time place to go to spend time unwinding and renewing your spirit?  ", "I like some of our state parks, they are not as crowded as some National Parks. I like to be near running water the sound is soothing.  So when I'm on the road I always seek out state parks.  Are there good trails near you for mountain biking", "Oh yes, I have quite a few choices for bike riding where I am at.  One of them leads to a waterfall.  That is some good advice on exploring state parks. I tend to go to wilderness areas and avoid the overcrowded national parks.", "How is work lately busy?  ", "It has been steady with the housing boom.  How has the band been doing lately?  Ready to cut your first CD yet?", "The band is doing well, we are still working on a few songs.  We have some great gigs that we have scheduled.", "Where will you be traveling to this time?", "We are headed to Columbia Missouri, have you been anywhere lately", "Not lately.  With work, I can only get away on the weekends.  Construction should slow down in the winter and I am thinking about taking a skiing trip."], "history_conv": [["How is your day going?", "Good. Just hanging out listen to country music. How about you?", "That sounds great. I am getting ready for a bike ride.", "Do you play any instruments?", "No, my main hobby is mountain biking. Do you?", "I do! I love playing the guitar. What else do you do?", "I got a guitar for a gift once. It was pink, the worst color ever!", "I got my first guitar when I was three. I would have loved a pink one", "If I drank enough alcohol it might be cool now but I don't drink.", "Do you have a job?", "Yes, I work for my father in construction. And you?", "I sing in a country music bank", "Wow, do you get to travel a lot?", "I do. But I grew up in the music industry", "That's very different from my life. Sounds interesting!", "It was exciting with all the travel and music"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Mickey Mouse.", "I am looking forward to retiring. I am a librarian. I want to travel. I loved the library as a child."], "partner_persona": ["I go to Disney World every year.", "I'm in the third grade. I love libraries.", "I want to be a teacher or a librarian when I grow up.", "My mom is currently reading me Little House on the Prairie. My favorite character from it is Laura."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite genre of book?", "My mom is reading me Little House on the Prairie. I'm enjoying it.", "Oh, that is a really good book. When I was little, I loved where the red fern grows.", "That's a good one also. I want to be a teacher or librarian when I grow up.", "I am so happy to hear that! Maybe I can help you learn the ropes some to taking care of a library so you can decide if it is right for you. We usually don't let anyone under 14 volunteer here though. Maybe in a few years before I retire. ", "That would be amazing! Such an opportunity!", "We have some teens that read books to elementary kids on wednesday evenings and on saturday during the day. You should tell your mom to bring you out. I could even talk to her about some other great books she can read with you.", "Thank you. That would be really fun.", "How are your grades? Is everything ok with your family? It's been a while since I was able to come check on everyone.", "We're doing well. I'm struggling a bit with online school, but I'm doing my best. As long as I pass we'll go to Disney World this year!", "That sounds like loads of fun. Tell ya what. I will talk to your mom later and offer to come with you all if she can go when my vacation is set up, and we can all ride the big rides!", "Sounds great! She doesn't like the big rides."], "history_conv": [["What are you up to with tonight?", "Singing songs from frozen with my mommy. What are you doing?", "A little reading and watching tv", "Do you like mickey mouse?", "I do like mickey mouse and want to travel to see him, do you like him?", "I get to see him every year at disney world!", "Wow, exciting, I hope to see him soon after I retire", "I do not understand retire.", "When I'm done being a librarian and get to travel more instead", "I love being in the third grade. I love the library!", "What do you want to be when you grow up?", "A teacher, or maybe a librarian. Do you like being a librarian?", "I do, like you I've loved the library since I was very young", "Have you read little house on the prairie?", "I have, have you, and do you like it?", "My mom is reading it to me, I like laura."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is George.", "I'm a farmer. I work with bees.", "I don't grow crops. I love papaya.", "My wife is a top model from Italy. I haven't traveled to Italy. I love to travel.", "My sister lives in Spain. I have visited Spain."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Todd Hicks.", "I am self-employed. I am an author, blogger, and affiliate marketer.", "I am single.", "I haven't been to Italy."], "current_conv": ["My wife just got a modeling job in Italy so I'm going to go with her and spend time visiting her family and seeing all the famous landmarks!", "That is so exciting!  You must be thrilled.  How long can you be away from the bees?", "Just a week.  My neighbor is going to keep an eye on them for me.  I am so excited to see the Leaning Tower of Pisa and the Sistene Chapel. How has work been going?", "Work has been fine... trying to write a little each day as the thoughts cross my mind.  ", "What do you write about for your blog and books?", "Usually I wrtie short stories about my dogs.  They are the most entertaining and they each have their own personality.  I turn my blogs into childrens books", "Interesting. What kind of dogs do you have?  I have a terrier named Ted.  He certainly has his own personality.", "I have 2 Golden Retrievers.  They are brother and sister from they same liter.  They are the biggest goofaballs and they love to cuddle", "Oh, I love Golden Retrievers. Dogs are great comforters.  They pick up on our emotions and reacct according.  ", "Exactly!!!  However, I bet that Ted would be in a lof of trouble if he ever had a run in with your bees!", "For sure! He keeps his distance.  What do you like do when you have free time?", "Oh....  I dream of going to Italy!!!   LOL!!!  And since I have never been I want to hear all about it when you get back.  I want pictures and everything!!!"], "history_conv": [["Hey! I'm george, what is your name?", "I'm todd hicks. It is good to meet you.", "Nice to meet you! What do you do?", "I work on a freelance basis as an author, blogger and affiliate marketer. And you?", "Oh interesting! I work with bees.. As a farmer!", "Do you grow crops too?", "Nop.. I should since I love papaya! Are you married?", "No, I am single. Are you single or are you married?", "I'm married!.. My lady is a top model from italy! I aimed high hehe", "Have you ever been to italy?", "Not yet, it I love to travel.. Have you?", "No. I'd like to go there someday though.", "Yep, I was visiting my sis in spain last month, it is nice", "It is nice that you had a good time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite band is Up, I saw them in concert.", "I am an elementary school teacher, and my parents were teachers as well.", "I usually spend vacations at home playing board games. I have never been to Disney. Goofy is my favorite Disney character.", "My favorite movie is Casablanca."], "partner_persona": ["I am in third grade.", "I go to Disney ever year. Mickey is my favorite Disney character. I also enjoy going to Epcot which is educational.", "I enjoy going to the playground with my friends. I enjoy collecting Disney movies and singing along to them."], "current_conv": ["I just watched a new movie that you might enjoy - it had great music in it.", "You know I love a good singalong. What movie is it? ", "It was Singing in the Rain! Ever seen it?", "No I haven't. Can you dance to the music too? I would love to watch it if you could.", "I tend to think so! It has quite the musical selection to choose from. It's such a good story too.", "It sounds good. I might ask my parents if we can watch it on the weekend. Have you played any fun board games recently? ", "Sadly no, but I've been binging musicals so that's always fun lol", "That is ok. If you do, let me know. I would love to play some but don't know what is good. Have you seen the new frozen movie yet? The songs are just as fun!", "I have! My neice loves that movie.", "I loved it too. I think  it is my new favourite.", "Some people say it is better than lion king but I beg to differ.", "Oh this is hard. Lion King is fantastic too. Very emotional\""], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "Doing well, just singing along to the frozen movie. How are you?", "I love singing frozen but my favorite band is up. Saw them in concert!", "That's awesome. I'm in third grade so I do not go to concerts yet.", "Oh wonderful! I work as an elementary school teacher! My parents were teachers too.", "That's cool! Do you ever go to disney? I go every year!", "I have never been! I usually just stay at home and play board games while on vacation.", "Mickey is my favorite! You should definitely go. Epcot is educational too!", "I like goofy the most. Thank you I will think about it.", "Other than disney, you can find me on the playground with my friends.", "That is nice! Do you have a favorite activity?", "I enjoy collecting disney movies, and singing along to them.", "That's so fun! I love watching movies too.", "What is your favorite movie?", "An old movie named casablanca!", "White house? I know a little spanish."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jennifer. I am a big fan of social media.", "I am a high school English teacher.", "I have a dog."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Andie.", "I work in the construction business. I build houses.", "I have five cats.", "I am not married.", "I was really close to my dad. My father was in the construction business too. My father passed away when I was 16."], "current_conv": ["How is your business doing? How are your cats doing?", "Oh, I don't own the business ha! I do some side jobs on my own. My company is doing alright I guess. We have 3 houses my crew is working on. My cats are on my nerves today. What about your puppy?", "Oh, alright. What kind of side jobs do you do? My students are getting on my nerves and I've been considering a career switch LOL. My dog is just his usual self, lazing around. I think I'll take him to his favorite park later today.", "Well, I do some roofing and laying carpets or installing cabinets in the evening mostly. I work for those that cant afford to go through a real company and charge them what they can afford after buying materials. ", "Oh, wow that sounds really cool! Very noble of you, sir. Do you think you'll ever start your own business? If you ever do, I could do all your advertising through social media! ", "Probably not ha. I have a soft heart and would never make much money. But thanks. If you ever need work done, let me know. What did the kids at the school do to irritate you?", "The kids are great and I learn a lot from them even though I'm the teacher, but they've been getting too excited for summer and have been a bit out of control. I don't blame them, though. I remember when I was their age lol. How about all those cats of yours?", "Well, Oliver made Sandy mad, and now she keeps knocking all my plants over. And the youngest one just finally got old enough to get fixed, and she got out of the house. She didn't come back for 3 days, and I thought she might be dead. But she didn't get hurt, so now she is going straight to the vet in the morning. ", "Lol cats really have their own unique personalities. What did you name the youngest kitty? I'm so glad she's safe! You must have been worried sick.", "Well, I was calling her Gloria, but now she is Hudini even though she is female because I have no idea how she got outside. I just noticed her at the mailbox, and then she was on my bed this morning. ", "She can be Houdini's little sister. No clue if he even had one, but he does now lol. Kittens are sneaky little creatures. And you know what they say about curiosity and cats... but I'm so glad she's safe. And has a great new name!", "I am glad too. I got attached to her the second I saw her. I usually don't like calicos, but her markings are so amazing! Does your dog have a story behind his name?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! I am jennifer, a big fan of social media sites. Who are you?", "Hi jennifer! It is very nice to meet you. I am andie.", "What do you do andie? Do you work?", "Yes I work. I am in the construction business, I mainly build houses. What about you?", "I'm a teacher, I teach high school english.", "That is wonderful. Do you have any pets?", "Yes, a dog. He is smart. Do you have pets?", "I have five cats. I am a cat person, they're so special to me!", "Wow, five! They probably keep you busy.", "Oh yes. I always knew I would be a crazy old cat lady.", "Are you married? What does your family think of the cats?", "No, I've never found love. Men always want me to choose between them or the cats.", "Men! I often wish they were a bit more understanding...", "I could not agree more! I miss my dad, the best man I know.", "Has he passed away? How long ago?", "When I was 16. Luckily, he taught me everything I know about construction."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy food. I know how to cook. I have a son. I was laid off from my job.", "My wife loves water. My wife does not nag me.", "My son is athletic."], "partner_persona": ["I'm 23 years old. I love food. I enjoy cooking, but I'm not great at it.", "I own a yacht which I rent out.", "I play soccer.", "My mom gets annoyed easily."], "current_conv": ["I just cook something delicious for lunch. Do you want to see the recipe?", "Certainly. What did you make? I love cooking, or trying to.", "I made a really easy spaghetti dish that is perfect for a warm spring or summer day!  First you take a couple cans of stewed tomatoes with onion and garlic, or you can use fresh tomatoes, onion and garlic.  Place them in a skillet with some more diced white onion and garlic and heat it up. While that's heating cook as much pasta of whatever type you want. Then after draining the pasta mix it with your tomato sauce and your done!", "You don't put meat in yours?", "No but you can if you want. This is a really light spaghetti. The sauce is even light but packed with flavor. It's not heavy like a traditional spaghetti and meatball dish.", "Sounds delicious, but I would add ground beef or venison.", "That sounds good!  Have you made anything new lately?", "Not lately. My mom gets annoyed when I cook because I make a mess. She's always annoyed.", "Hahaha!  Oh well, she'll get over it.  How's your yacht rental business going?", "It's pretty successful now that it's getting warmer! It's a lot of fun.", "Have you had any interesting people rent it out?  I'm wondering if you have seen anything odd or something.", "Nothing odd. Just people wanting to have fun. It was very nice talking to you!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you this afternoon?", "Hi 23 and I enjoy food a lot", "Lol. Who doesn't enjoy food? What do you do for a living", "Even though I like to cook I am not great at it.", "I learned how to cook when I was laid off and stayed home with my son", "I own a yacht but also rent it out", "That sounds fun, I'll have to talk about a boat with my wife, she loves water.", "That's awesome! I also grave and have done it for years", "Do you like sports? Animals?", "I do I play soccer from time to time", "My son plays everything. Drives my wife crazy.", "I can understand that, my mom gets annoyed pretty quick", "Its okay. I can deal with it.", "Well that's good, but can you handle your nagging wife", "My wife does not nag.", "My mom does, it can be so annoying"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Ohio.", "My favorite pizza is with olives.", "I like The Who.", "I work in a supermarket and I am a low-wage worker.", "I have a cat."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the US.", "I like traveling.", "I only have birds as pets. I work a lot. I work as a chef.", "I'm expecting a baby."], "current_conv": ["When are you expecting the baby? Do you have a nursery ready?", "we do! we've painted it bright green. i'm so excited. do you have kids?", "Green is one of my favorite colors! Have you bought the crib or mobile to hang from the ceiling? No, it's just me and my cat at home.", "we did buy a crib, and we orderd a mobile on etsy. i LOVE cats -- we have two! what's your cat's name?", "Isn't Etsy great for fun, creative, kitschy stuff? My cat's name is Fluffy. I know, it's not that original, but it's quite fitting, as she's fuzzy, cuddly, and cute as can be! Have you picked out a name for the baby yet?", "My cats are Tag and Henry. Tag is a maine coone mix so he is fluffy too! I think the baby's name will be Rachel for a girl or Gregory for a boy.", "You have great taste in names for both your cats and the baby! When will you know the sex of the baby?", "we are going to wait until the baby is born to see. thank you for complimenting my cat names! i'm pleased with them. how old is your cat?", "You're welcome. Fluffy is getting up there. She's 7 years old now. Her birthday is coming up in June. I think I'll share my favorite, a large pizza with olives, with her to celebrate!", "Tag is 10 and Henry is 11. Is pizza her celebratory food?", "She does love pizza. Sometimes I order it from the local pizzeria, and other times I bring home a frozen pizza from the supermarket where I work. Do your cats enjoy human food, too?", "they do, they do! Tag LOVES avocados / guacamole. Henry loves meatballs. They're so funny! I love how they chew their food. Is fluffy cute when she eats?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you like to travel much? I have never left ohio myself", "Hello, and I haven't been outside of the us", "I'd love to travel to italy and have pizza with olives my favourite! You?", "Italy sounds nice, I want to travel the world myself", "Anywhere in particular? I'd love to see the who in concert in the uk", "Puerto rico, london, I heard they were amazing places", "Sounds great got to save the money first, will take ages on my supermarket wage", "I mean same here tax time is the best time to travel really", "Do you have pets? Tricky to find someone to look after them while travelling", "Only birds I work a lot to have any pets", "Shame I have a cat called spook suits her! What about hobbies?", "Lol your cat must be black with scary eyes", "She's indeed! Where do you work? My job is boring supermarket", "I work as a chef at the sheraton hotel but the pay sucks", "Same trying to save up to see my fave band the who taking ages! You?", "Ready for dec 16th to have my baby girl"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am studying. This year, I won the title of Homecoming queen.", "My goal is to run a mile.", "I love horror movies."], "partner_persona": ["I worked for human services for 10 years. I am a stay at home father. I am widowed. My wife was murdered.", "My goal is to raise my son. My son is in junior high and has PTSD.", "I watch horror movies with my son. My favorite movies are horror movies.", "I wish my son would go away sometimes. I have a hard time dealing with the loss of my wife. My son reminds me of the wife I've lost."], "current_conv": ["I hope you are well. I hear there is a new horror movie coming out. ", "Oh great! What's the name of it? I might go see it with my son. ", "It is called \"One Night In The Cave\", I am super excited about it. You and him should go! It warms my heart that you two are having a good relationship.", "It's getting better. Sometimes I feel guilty that I'm so excited for him to go to college, but trying to enjoy the time we have left.", "No matter what, just cherish all the moments you get with him, life sure is a fleeting thing. He is a smart and great kid. It is so cool that he enjoy the horror movies with you, my kids think my obsession with horror films is odd.", "Haha! I bet they are proud of your other hobbies, though. How have you been doing with the running?", "I have been getting better and better. I have been setting goals for myself. I decided I need to not still be hung up on things that happened in high school and be more committed to the future so that is why I have become such a health and fitness nut. Have you ever considered going to the gym to get your mind off of things?", "That's awesome! Yes, I can totally see your dedication. Taking up studying, winning the Homecoming title, all really great to hear. My wife and I used to go to the gym every day. It's been hard to go back since the accident.", "I totally understand. Have you thought about maybe going back to college? All my studying is a good mental exercise and puts me in a good headspace.", "Maybe. I think I'm too old for that now, plus I've got a pretty decent position. I think when my son goes to college I might take a sabbatical and travel for a month or two.", "That is another excellent way to get a feeling of a fresh start. Where might you travel to?", "I was thinking about going to Europe and ending in Paris. My wife, Lisa always wanted to go there with me. We never got a chance."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm studying to keep my straight as up. What about you?", "Well I worked with human services for 10 years, now I'm a father who stays home.", "Cool. Have you ever won a homecoming? This year I won queen!", "My wife, my queen died. She was murdered. Now my favorite moves are horror.", "Sorry to hear! Do you have a current goal? Running a k is my goal.", "My goal is raising my son, he's in junior high. He has been traumatized", "That's sad. Does he know what he wants to be when he grows up?", "I hope he is like his mother, I make him watch the horror movies with me.", "That's cool! I love horror movies as well!", "My son, sometimes he reminds me of my dead wife and I wish he would go away", "Well that's sad. It isn't his fault. I hope that changes.", "Hey? Want to go get lunch and make out or something?", "I'd but I do not think my parents would like that.", "I'll bring my son he can watch and we will not tell your mom or dad"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like beef. I want to run 5k.", "I want to be physical therapist.", "I am a homecoming queen. I am in high school.", "I like children.", "I am ironic."], "partner_persona": ["I am pregnant with twins. My due date is in 2 months. I have a toddler.", "I work in a bank.  I own a home.", "I believe in moderation."], "current_conv": ["So, is your pregnancy and child care still going well? Have you managed to get enough rest to consider whether my comments on the environment were serious?", "It is going well. I'm exhausted due to my pregnancy lol but I would say they are serious.", "It's rough working while being pregnant.  Trust me, I know.  I once worked two jobs while pregnant and I wouldn't have if my husband wasn't disabled.  He's wonderful, but his physical impairments prevent him from holding a job.", "Oh my goodness. I am so sorry. Bless your heart. ", "Thank you!  I'm in my 20s and still in high school, too.  So many things about me are ironic, right?  But God is good.", "Yes, he is! I wouldn't have made it this far without him thats for sure.", "I sometimes ask Him why pregnancy is so hard.  But then I look into my baby's eyes and think, \"Would I love you so much if I hadn't gone through what I did?\"", "That's a good way to look at it. I've never thought about it that way.", "It's so rewarding being a mother.  That's part of why I want to be a physical therapist.  It's kind of a similar thing, you know?", "Oh yeah I understand. As hard as it is, it's such a good feeling at the end of the day.", "I know.  You told me how hard you work at the bank, and I marvel at the job you do.  That one incident with that angry guy?  I don't know what I would have done.  But you handled it so well.", "Yea, it was quite scary. To be honest if it ever happens again I'll probably find a new job."], "history_conv": [["Hello! I was honored to be a homecoming queen this year. How are you?", "Hi. That is wonderful! Actually, I'm pretty hungry for anything right now, burger or salad.", "Lets eat beef. My goal is to run a 5k soon.", "Yum. Will be ready to run again after I have my twins in 2 months.", "Did you take fertility stuff? When I'm older I want to be a physical therapist.", "All natural... Second time... Twins this time.", "I'm in high school and have straight as. I hope to be pregnant soon.", "Care for self first. I'm a bank teller and just bought first home last year.", "I want to have 12 children before 30 because I do not care about carbon emissions.", "Haha... I've a toddler... Worry about time and sleep more than carbon footprint", "Ya, if the world heats up enough where humans can't exist, oh well", "Everyone is different... Live life best we can and do what we can.", "I heard you should dump as much plastic everywhere and eat at buffets.", "Recycle and be cleanly... Everything in moderation", "I'll eat 6 pounds of cinnamon rolls today for a challenge. Then hopefully be pregnant.", "Sounds like a plan... Days off are nice... Back to work tomorrow"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like gardening.", "I'm single. My dad wants me to date new people.", "I have a job at a gas station.", "I live with my parents. I am adopted. My parents are older."], "partner_persona": ["I like walking my dog.", "I have a growing family.", "My husband is a doctor.", "I play tennis professionally.", "I live in a three storey house."], "current_conv": ["How is training going at the courts? are you there every day?", "Yes, I need to train and practice everyday.  Tennis is very competive at this level.  ", "I can only imagine.  How do you keep up with your growing family?", "It's difficult, but my husband steps up a lot to help out and my parents help by watching the kids when we can't be around", "That's great.  I know my folks want me to settle and have kids one day.  I just want to get my own feet under me first. ", "Ans you should. You will know when the timing is right.  And it is so important when findng the right person that they are kind and supportive.  Someone you really want to raise a family wtih", "I know your right.  I will eventually find someone.  Maybe working at the gas station my Prince Charming will stop in.  ", "Well, there isn't all that many Prince Charming's out there anymore.  So just keep your head up, your self confidence strong, and your options open.  But, if that good looking one in the Ferrari drives in - then flirt a litlte.  LOL", "That's hilarious. How long have you been married?", "5 years but we have lived together for 8 years ", "Awesome, how many children do you have?", "2.  A 4 year old boy and a 13 month old girl.  "], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you have hobbies?", "I enjoy walking my dog what about you?", "Gardening is what I love, and doing stuff with my hands.", "I do not have much time for gardening with my ever growing family!", "I m not married but my dad keeps setting me up with people.", "I don't have that problem, I have a doctor for a husband", "Cool. I just started working at a gas station.", "Sounds fun I play tennis for a living", "That's an interesting job. How do you actually make money doing that?", "Winning tournaments. Keeps me fit as well so I can run up my 3 storey house", "I still live with my folks, they're older, they adopted me late in life.", "Do you hope to get your own place soon? It is very expensive", "Working at a gas station is not going to make me rich.", "Do you want children one day? My family is growing all the time"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a German Shepherd called Barnaby.", "I like comics. I am scared of insects. I don't like scorpions.I am terrified of spiders. My favourite colour is gray.", "I like Nascar. My father was a Nascar driver.", "I work at a post office.", "I like eating out."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Larry. I work as a head chef.", "I like comic books. I like big dogs.", "My favourite comic is Spiderman.", "My favourite colour is blue.", "My brothers used to build stock cars.", "I am not married. I have no children."], "current_conv": ["How is work at the kitchen? you must be working unsociable hours.", "The kitchen is pretty quiet right now.  It's giving me some time to read the latest issue of Spiderman!  We had a NASCAR driver in yesterday, his name began with Dale, have you heard of him?", "That's great. I know a lot of Nascar drivers but not a Dale. I wish i was there. My two favourite things. Nascar and food", "I'm thinking of developing a new dish that will attract more NASCAR fans, any suggestions on what I can provide?", "I don't know if Nascar drivers have a staple meal but i love anything grilled. I love ribeye steaks with peppercorn sauce", "I was thinking of bring a ribeye to the menu!  I'll definitely have to do it now!  How's the post office treating you?", "I'll ask my dad what he thinks too. The post office is as interesting as it ever was. Not very.", "That's too bad, at least there weren't any spiders there!   Have you been anywhere new to eat out?  I got burger king last night after work, lazy night!", "I'll survive. I was at Subway for a snack. By the way , please lend me your Spiderman comic when you've finished with it.. ", "Subway is always there when you need it.  Certainty, it's all yours after I'm done.  While we're at it, we should exchange comics!  Are you reading anything right now?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you this evening?", "Great! I'm larry here. A chef 80 of the time... On my pontoon 20", "Nice! Do you like german shepards? I do, mine is named barnaby", "Great dog. I'm into comic books, but love dogs big dogs!", "Comic are cool. I am scared of insects especially scorpions", "Are you afraid of spiders then? Spiderman is my fav comic book", "Yes terrified! What is your favorite color? Mine is gray.", "I guess blue, the color of crystal clear water on the lake", "Nice! Do you like nascar? My father drove for a while", "Wow! My brothers built stock cars until an accident that killed a friend.", "That's so sad! Where do you work? I work at the post office.", "I am head chef at a popular restaurant chain", "Cool! I love going out to eat.", "I have several specialty dishes, and my family comes by once in a while.", "That sounds so wonderful! Do you have kids?", "No. I am not married yet. Almost engaged once. How about you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Kim. I am female. I work.", "I feel oppressed. My parents are annoying. My parents give me a curfew.I currently live with my parents. I want to move out. My parents dislike my friends."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Chelsea. I am female.", "I have a gold in gymnastics.", "I want to collect yellow items. Gymnastics is not my true passion."], "current_conv": ["Have you started collecting anything yellow yet? I think that is a fascinating interest.", "Yes! I got a yellow vase at a yard sale last weekend. Such a cheerful color. How have you been, Kim? Parents still being a pain? ", "Nice. Is that the first official item of the yellow-item collection? I've been okay. Issues with my parents are the same. I've been looking at apartments so I can move out. ", "Not the first, but it has been the coolest so far. I got some yellow ribbon and a yellow plate at the thrift store, too. That will be great when you can finally move out and we can chill at the new apartment. I feel like whenever I come over your parents are judging me.", "Yeah, they're like that. For no apparent reason too most of the time. Too many years of being segregated by the confines of the church for them, I think. Don't get me wrong, church is good. It promotes healthy family values when approached with an open-mind. Being a fear-mongering bible-thumper is where it becomes a detriment, which unfortunately is the subsect of Catholicism they've fallen into. It'll never change.  ", "Yeah I totally get it. Ever since we snuck out that one time to go to Kyle's party they've been seriously crazy! We are basically adults. It's not like you'll be their Christian good girl all of a sudden when you leave the house. ", "Right? I heard 3 hours of bible verses over that the next day related to \"WHAT WOULD JESUS THINK\". Well evidently not a single thing as worms have been living inside his skull for the past 2000 years. They really lost it when I said that. Surprised they didn't start trying to sprinkle holy water on me while screaming for the devil to get out. Is what it is. Shouldn't be a problem for too much longer anyway. ", "Hahaha man I wonder what they'd say if they saw your Tik Tok dance of you getting down to WAP. I'm a gymnast and even I can't stretch like that. ", "Their heads would start doing 360s and then it'd be me pulling out the bible if I saw that lmao. Anyway, enough about them. Feels like beating a dead horse every time we talk about my parents. Any new ideas on what your next collection items will be?", "There's a yellow quilt that I saw online that I really want. It's like $300 though. So I'll have to save up. My whole bedroom is going to be all yellow soon enough.", "Nice! That is a lot of money for a quilt, but it's probably really good material and worth it. Have you painted the walls yellow yet? Who knew winning gold would go this far, Chels, haha. ", "One wall is yellow wallpaper with a floral design on it and the other wall is yellow wallpaper with stripes. Maybe I'll do some sort of yellow paint on the other walls. And a yellow chandelier! I feel like it has become a little over the top but it's just so cheery. I love it. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, kim here, suffering from nagging parents. Who is this?", "Hey girl, chelsea here. Olympic gold medal holder. Sorry about your parents!", "Nag, nag, nag, I work too! At bk, what did you gold in?", "Gymnastics! Bk is good, but my fave is italian.", "I am oppressed, totally! You must be limber and skinny. Wish I was", "Oh girl, its not really worth it. I train so hard for what? A necklace, basically!", "Yeah I hear you, I work, 20 hours and they still give me a curfew, but endorsement?", "They're just trying to take care of you!", "They do not like my friends, I am grownup now! I am moving out", "Do it, girl! Get that independence going!", "I will! You can get endorsements for your medal and make big bucks", "Yeah, but this is not my true passion. I really just want to collect yellow items", "What kind of yellow items besides a gold metal?", "Flowers, rain boots, cheeses, you name it!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am female. I have short blonde hair. I am skinny.", "I currently go to college. I get good grades. I like playing video games. I like listening to music.", "I like wearing band shirts, skinny jeans and leggings.", "I love dogs. I like keeping fit."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog. I like walking my dog.", "I am skinny.", "I am a teacher.", "I like skinny jeans. I go to church weekly on a Sunday."], "current_conv": ["How was class today, did you reach anything interesting?", "It was fun! It was the 100th day of school so all the kids dressed in something representing 100. How was school for you today?", "Stressful, getting ready for final this time of year.  But looking forward to the break.  How do the kids dress in something representing 100?  That sounds like fun!", "I bet! I remember being so glad when finals was over! Some kids will bring 100 pencils, some kids will put 100 stickers on a shirt, one kid dressed as if he was 100 years old, but my favorite was a kid who dress as a puppy and wore a shirt with 100 black dots on it to be a dalmation!", "Oh that is great!!!   What grade do you teach?", "I currently teach 2nd grade. I've taught 1st and kindergarten before but not sure I want to go higher than 2nd. After this, there may be more attitudes involved! Haha! What are you majoring in at college?", "Agricultural Engineering.  Working on my bachelors.  But how I would long to be carefree again back in the 2nd grade!!!", "Nice! That is definitely a lot of work but a great field! Do you think you will go for your masters afterwards? I enjoy getting to be with the kids everyday because they are always surprising me with how they think! ", "Yese, I plan on working towards my masters.  Spending your days with 2nd graders keep you yound and constantly on your toes for sure!", "And gives me every excuse to keep up with the latest cartoons and Disney movies! Haha! ", "Kids are so creative at that age!", "They are! I love hearing what comes out of their mouths and figuring out what made them think that! "], "history_conv": [["Hey, tell me about yourself, what do you like to do for fun?", "Hello, I love to walk my dog and go to church events", "I am a blonde girl, in great shape and rather skinny.", "So am I! What do you do for work?", "I'm in college. But I love playing video games and listening to music.", "I'm a teacher. Maybe you are one of my students", "Lol, maybe. I usually wear band shirts and ruffle sleeves, skinny jeans and leggings", "I like to wear skinny jeans too, except not for church every sunday.", "I agree. I also have really short hair. Do I sound familiar?", "You do sound familiar. You always sit in the fri", "Yes, I hope I'm your favorite student. I do get great grades.", "You are. You should come with me next time I walk my dog", "I love dogs and walking is great exercise. Keeps me in shape.", "It is very important for us girls to stay in shape"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a boy, born with my heart outside of my body. I had a transplant.", "I pick my nose. I fart.", "I have a garden group in Salt Lake City.", "I can move objects with my brain."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the city. I take many medications.", "I drink alcohol.", "I grew up in a farm."], "current_conv": ["I worked with my garden group since we last talked.", "Fantastic! What did you plant?", "I planted a bud from my pineapple plant!  It'll take a few years to grow.  I'm thinking of making a mix drink with a pineapple that's about to ripen.  Any recommendations?", "yes! You can make a pineapple screwdriver pretty easily with equal parts pineapple juice, orange juice, and vodka", "That sounds good.  Is your city warm enough to grow anything tropical?", "No, I live too far north for anything tropical, unfortunately. What's your favorite thing to grow?", "Potatoes!  Sounds boring, and it is, but I love eating potatoes in any form.  You can grow them anywhere.  Luckily they dont up take too much space in my greenhouse.", "Do you move things with your brain in your greenhouse?", "Sure do!  It makes removing bugs pretty easy.  Do you ever miss the farm life?", "All the time. You know a lot of those bugs will help to enrich your soil", "Oh goodness, I've been releasing them outside.  I should stop doing that.  Say, I'm thinking of going to a city for vacation, do you recommend yours?", "Yes, my city is lovely! Lots of things for tourists to do. My favorite thing is going up the CN tower."], "history_conv": [["Just a boy here, I was born with my hear on the outside of my body", "The city is where I live now, I hate taking so many medications", "I had a transplant, since the surgery now I move things with my mind", "Okay, how you deal with it? I see things sometimes...", "Its fun being a boy and doing magical things", "I see, this is something new to me, maybe the alcohol is getting into me", "Haha I am picking my nose and farting", "Do you like the farm? I grew up there", "I do, we have a nice garden group in salt lake city", "Why would you want to do that at the same time?", "I can move the burgers into the trash with my powers", "Nope, tell me more about it.", "I meant boogers with my powers", "What is your powers exactly?", "I can move objects with me brains", "Oh no... Please do not say stuff like that"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a wife and three children.", "I go the park every week with my family. I am going there today.", "I like chocolate ice cream. my family does not drink coffee. I like to drink ice water.", "My mother is deceased."], "partner_persona": ["I like coffee.", "I like mountain biking.", "I like coffee flavoured ice cream. I don't drink alcohol.", "My dad works at construction.", "I love my mother. I saw my mother recently."], "current_conv": ["Have you been out on your bike at all? I bet there are some great trails if you know where to look.", "Oh, for sure! There are all kinds of awesome trails around here, the only problem is choosing one! Do you have any recommendations? Is the park you're going to pretty nice?", "The park links to a lake in my area is very beautiful and we can stop and have a picnics.  The family are keen to spend the day out in the fresh air when we can which suits us all.   A treat is always the chocolate ice cream but im sure yours would be coffee flavored lol  I can link you into some ideas for the weekend if you like no problem.  You heading out this weekend on the bike?", "That sounds amazing! And I'd love some links if it's no problem for you. Coffee flavored ice cream is the best and no one can convince me otherwise LOL. I definitely want to go out for a nice ride this weekend. The weather is going to be great and my mother is interested in joining me! So I want to find a really beautiful trail.", "That would brighten up your mother for sure.  We use to have my mum come along at times but of course not towards the latter times with her.  She would love the little nature trails and we would sit and watch the robin take the seeds from our hands.  Great to be part of nature.  Has the weather been good for you where you are, gales at times here today.", "Your mum lives on in your memories. It's nice to hold on to those precious moments and be able to return to the beautiful places they were created. I'm really looking forward to the weather this weekend for sure. How are your wife and kids doing lately?", "They are good thanks for asking hun.  They have been working hard with their studies and work.  We are as you can imagine passing ships a lot of the time but have the quality time together.  Yes we always mark thinks buy saying hello to the Robin as a hello to mum.  Hows your mum and dad getting on hopefully taking it easy.  ", "I'm so glad to hear they're doing well. Study and work is so important, but quality time is the best. My parents are doing well. It's been harder for my dad lately because of how hard he works. I try to convince him to take it easy, but hard work is just in his blood. He can't go a day without it.", "It goes like that for some, your dad sounds to have decent hard working principles.  I'm sure you can drag him away when needed but i understand what that's like for sure.  They feel that they still need to keep on providing to the rest of us but they don't bless them but like you say its in the blood.  Make the most as time is but short and we so want to do so much with our loved ones.  Socializing is important and what do you do in the that regard hun?  It is good to try and find time together", "It's always nice to gather the family for a nice relaxing day together. Tons of delicious food and drink make everything quite a bit better. I hope you have lots of precious moments with your family!", "Ditto hun and keep giving the lots of hugs and letting them know.  Its so beautiful having the love that can be shared and the nature we can appreciate together.  Hope to catch up soon again hun", "For sure! I'm always here for a chat! Don't be a stranger and tell the family I said hi. "], "history_conv": [["Good morning. How are you?", "I'm ok, drinking a lot of coffee, how about you?", "Just relaxing waiting on my wife and three children to get ready.", "Where are you all going to?", "We are going to the park. E do it once a week. How about you?", "I'm getting ready to go mountain biking. It is fun!", "We are going to get my fav chocolate ice cream on the way home. Have fun!", "I love ice cream too, but mostly coffee flavor.", "What else do you like besides coffee? My family steers c ; ear of it.", "Well, I don't drink alcohol, so coffee and diet soda. What about you?", "I am an ice cream and ice water kind of guy.", "Ah. So is my dad, he worked construction, he is the same.", "What about your mom? What is she like?", "She is the greatest mom, I saw her yesterday. Do you see your mom?", "No. She passed away years ago.", "Oh, I am so sorry. I am lucky to still have mine."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a stay-at-home at home mother. I have a dog. My husband is a detective.", "One of my daughters plays the saxophone.", "I have two sons. My eldest son likes to sing.", "I support my family. My husband does not know his biological parents. My husband is adopted.", "I like adult colouring books."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a custodian.", "I am a rock musician. I play the piano and guitar. I sing.", "My parents are not supportive."], "current_conv": ["My husband has signed up for a company that helps people to find lost family. He's really excited.", "That sounds great. Has he ever looked for his biological family?", "He's always talked of doing it, but this time he's actually gonna go for it. I'm excited for him.", "Good for him. I would imagine he is a little nervous about it?", "Yeah, he's really nervous if he finds them, they wont want to have anything to do with him;", "I could only imagine that would be challenging. I think it is great for him to try anyway. That way he gets answers. Does he have any information about them yet?", "He has a couple of pieces of information about two brothers!", "Hey, that is cool information for him to know. I wonder if his brothers know he is out there. You will have to keep me posted! ", "Oh I def will! I really hope it turns out that they are open to him and we can become a big family ", "Do your kids know he is adopted? Are they aware of the search he is about to embark on?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you this morning?", "Great! You? What do you do?", "I stay at home with the kids and dog, while my husband works. You?", "I work as a custodian, to pay bills. I am also a musician", "My husband is gone a lot, what kind of music?", "Rock! I hope to make it big! I pay the piano and guitar.", "That is so cool, our daughter plays sax.", "Awesome! Does she sing too? I sing!", "No, she does not. Our oldest son tries to sing.", "Are you supportive of her dream? My parents are not.", "I am supportive of them all, even my husbands quest to find his biological parents.", "Oh he is adopted? How nice!", "He is. He is a detective, I'm very proud of him and our kids.", "Law enforcement work is respectable work. You should be proud!", "Do you have any hobbies? I like those adult coloring books.", "Just playing the guitar, piano and singing. I like to color too!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have just moved to Japan.", "I would like to visit Paris. I have just purchased my first house in Japan. I am pregnant. I am expecting triplets.", "I have stepchildren. I cook for my stepchildren.", "I like the ocean. I go to the ocean on summer breaks."], "partner_persona": ["I like to eat out.", "I have visited Japan. I have just visited Paris. I am currently travelling the world.", "I like to cook. I am not a very good cook.", "I have a yacht. I rent my Yacht out while I'm travelling."], "current_conv": ["I have just had a scan on the triplets. It was amazing to see them in the womb.", "How exciting. Do you know if they boys, girls or both?", "No - we didn't want to find out.  We want to be surprised.  What country are you in now?", "Wow. You are braver than me. But I commend you for waiting. When are you due?  I am in Florida, USA on my yacht now. ", "I am due in 5 months.  At least I still have time to get the nursery together.  How is the weather in Florida?", "You do have plenty of time to do the nursery. Do you have a nursery theme picked out? The weather here is a little humid but warm and manageable. ", "That sounds so nice and relaxing.  Perfect weather for sight seeing.  I and thinking that I will do the nursery in puppies with gender neutral colors.  Pretty greens and yellows so the room is always bright and sunny.  What are you most excited about seeing in Floriday?", "The nursery plans sounds great. You will have to send me pictures when it is done. My favorite thing to do in Florida is fish. It relaxes me. ", "Big fish?  Like Marlins?  Those look so fun to catch!!!", "I have yet to be that lucky. I fish close to shore. Small sharks and crazy looking fish with lots of teeth. ", "That sounds scarier than the marlins.  Don't let your hands get close to their mouths for sure! Do you eat them or catch and release?", "I am very careful not to lose a finger when fishing. We release the sharks back for sure. But there are a few types of fish we keep and eat. Do you eat fish?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing?", "Fantastic just got home from a wonderful restaurant", "How was the food there?", "Fantastic, it was a new place in japan, I've been here a week,", "I just recently moved to japan as well. I love it here!", "Oh? I was just in paris, have you been there? It is beautiful!", "No, I would live to go. I just bought my first home though.", "In japan? I might get a home some day, but for now I'm traveling the world", "Yes, japan. I am having triplets soon, so any traveling is on hold.", "That is really cool!, do you cook at home or go out to eat?", "I've stepchildren, I like to cook at home for them. What about you?", "I love to cook, but I tend to burn things. Do you enjoy the ocean?", "I do! I love to go on my summer breaks from school. What about you?", "I have a yacht but since I am not home I rent it out"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Bill. I've collected over a thousand hats.", "I have cats named Samson and Delilah. One of my cats is an overweight tabby and the other is a black and white cat.", "I won a gold medal in the 2002 Olympics.", "I love winter.", "I have a fireplace."], "partner_persona": ["My wife left me and stole my children.", "I'm fat and depressed, which I blame on working at a nursing home.", "I did not qualify for the Olympics because god doesn't exist.", "I prefer winter. I use facebook."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any contact with your wife and kids?", "Its hard to get ahold of my wife.  Its a sad situation all the way around, especially for my kids", "Have you tried contacting her on facebook?", "I have tried multiple avenues.  Unfortunately I was blocked.  Have you gone through a bad breakup before?", "Several times.  It's the reason why I started my hat collection funny enough.  She left me because I said god didn't exisit.", "I understand.  Religion could make it or break it.  I have a lot of friends who have broken up because of their religious beliefs.", "Well, at least we have winter to look forward to, only 6 months away!  How's the nursing home treating you?", "It isn't the best environment. I have to share a room with another man. I don't have my own privacy.", "That's too bad.  Is the other man at least nice to you?", "Yes, he's nice.  We share some common interest.  I do miss my home though.  Have you ever visited a nursing home before?", "Yeah, actually I have.  My grandfather is in one.  He's getting the very best care.  The place can seem pretty sad though.", "Are you able to visit him often?  We at the nursing homes love visitors!"], "history_conv": [["Hi names bill and I collect hats and have over a thousand", "What are hats? The wifey left me and stole my children.", "Yeah, why did she do that? I have cats named samson and delilah", "Because I am fat and depressed. Working at a nursing home does that to me.", "In 2002 I won a gold metal in the olympics", "I did not qualify for the olympics because god does not exist", "I love the winter what is your fave weather", "Winter because I become fatter and have an excuse to be on facebook all the time.", "Yeah it is much colder in the winter time", "Why is that? I'd like to go to a buffet today.", "Its just that feeling of coziness", "Do you have a fireplace?", "Yes I do and I cuddle with my two cats", "Oh I love cats. What kind of cats?", "One is a tabby yet overweight and the other is a black and white cat", "Do you give them catnip?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I produce rap music. I like rap music.", "I have a cat named Charlie who likes rap.", "I drive a 2015 Honda Civic.", "I love Pizza.", "I am from Bratislava. I live in America."], "partner_persona": ["I like rap music. I especially like Somalian rap.", "I have a cat named Ziggy who likes reggae. I am not from the US but moved here. I moved here from Somalia. I left Somalia when I was 13. I have an Aunt who helped me leave Somalia.", "I drive a 1976 Chevy Impala.", "I love Pizza."], "current_conv": ["How is your Impala doing? I'm amazed that you've kept it running this long!", "You know, I always need to make sure that everything runs smoothly, but overall I keep it in a good condition.  I love old cars!", "I feel like I have an old car... but it's only 2015. I'm no good at working on cars lol. All I'm good at is music and rap. Have you heard any new stuff worth listening to lately?", "Not really. This new music is not the same as the old stuff.  Even Somalian rap is changing so much.  I like the classics.  How about you?", "It's hard to outdo the classics. I appreciate new artists and the perspective they offer to the world, but I always find myself going back to the classics as well. I haven't really heard anything great lately so I thought I'd ask you. But I have made probably the best pizza ever! Lol I was so proud of it I had to send pics to all my friends and family.", "Nice! I love cooking and baking as well. You need to send me a recipe! What did you put on it?", "I feel like I'm not the best cook, but I love pizza so much that I've been working on making my own. I tossed all kinds of things on there, it was the BEST. What are your favorite toppings?", "Oh my, that's a hard question. It depends what I am in a mood for that day. I like chicken barbecue, Mediterranean, buffalo, or sometimes just plain old cheese pizza.  I like it New York style!", "I don't think I could ever be disappointed by a pizza. I like everything, any style. Charlie is always trying to steal a slice too lol, so I know he loves it as well. How's Ziggy doing?", "He is doing fine.  Just being a cat haha But he likes to snuggle with me on the couch and watch shows.  I really enjoy that too!", "Aw, that's awesome! Charlie loves just chilling with me too. What kind of stuff do you guys watch together? Car shows? lol", "We recently have been watching a show about drug cartels.  I really enjoy it! Do you like to watch tv?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I produce rap music for artists, I mostly like rap music.", "Hi, I also like rap music. Mostly somalian rap.", "Yeah, my cat likes rap music too, his name is charlie", "I got a cat named ziggy when I moved to the united states. He likes reggae music.", "Looks like my cat and your cat should introduce themselves", "We should have them meet at a cat park so they can have a rap battle.", "Cool, should I come pick them up in my 2015 honda civic?", "That sounds good. I could pick them up next week in my 1976 chevy impala.", "Ok, can I bring some pizza? I love pizza", "I love pizza too! That was the first food I ate when I moved from somalia.", "I was just going to ask you if your from somalia?", "Yes I am. My aunt helped me escape somalia when I was thirteen years old.", "Hey that is great. I am happy for you", "Thank you. Where are you from?", "I am from bratislava but I live in america", "What part of the world is bratislava?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a nursing home.", "My wife has left me. I spend my free time on Facebook.", "I am overweight. I am tired of being unhappy.", "I don't play video games very much."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have a job. I am job hunting. I used to work with animals but I hated it.", "I play video games. I would love to make a living out of playing video games."], "current_conv": ["Have you had any luck in your job hunt?", "No, not yet.  The job market is rough out there.  But I am still hopeful.", "Hang in there!  I've been jobless in the past.  It is never fun searching.  Just keep pushing through it.", "Thank you for the words of encourament.  Everyday I get out there.  I know something will come.  How is your job going?", "The job is great.  I enjoy helping others at the nursing home.  My father is at the nursing home where I work.", "Wow!  That is so awesome that your Dad is there.  That is a great benefit of being able to see him daily. What kidn of work do you do there?", "I assist people with their daily activies...such as eating, walking.  Its hard work but it has great benefits", "You must have a very kind heart to do that daily.  I am sure that the residents look forward to seeing you everyday.  ", "Yes, they do.  A lot of them are lonely. I've been there for over 10 years so people know who I am :)"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "How do you feel about video games?", "Video games are ok. I prefer facebook.", "They'ren't really comparable.", "What do you do for work? I work for a nursing home.", "I use to work with animals but I hated it so I am job searching.", "Good luck. I spend my free time on facebook since my wife left me.", "I'm sorry to hear that. Maybe you should try getting back out there", "Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm pretty overweight.", "So what? Fat people deserve love too.", "You are right! I am tired of being unhappy.", "Your happiness is in your control.", "Yes, so tell me more about yourself.", "I play video games. Would love to make a living out of it", "Cool. I don't play video games much.", "It is my favorite past time"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a 3rd grader. I will turn 10 in december.", "My favourite cartoon is mickey mouse.", "My older brother also likes it and he looks like shaggy.", "I like spending time at the playground. I also like hanging with my friends.", "Last book I read was lord of the flies."], "partner_persona": ["My parents are nagging me. I am 19 years old.", "I like scooby doo.", "I like hanging with my friends and I have a part time job at burger king."], "current_conv": ["Do you think you could recommend me a book that is similar to the lord of the flies?", "I'm not too familiar with that book.  What type of genre is it?", "Its a allegorical novel. About a bunch of kids stranded on an island and they have to basically form their own society.", "I don't think I can offer much help on that. I can recommend a great movie...Goonies!", "Goonies is a great movie. It was kind of like the kid version of Scooby doo, without the dog.", "Exactly.  I grew up watching it.  Do you enjoy any other types of movies?", "I love Disney Movies, all of them. Micky is my favorite character.", "That is everyone's favorite! Have you been to Disney Land or World?", "No not yet. I hope for my 10th birthday in December my family takes me!", "Are you going to California or Florida.  You must be excited!", "We are closer to Florida, but i dont know, its a surprise!", "That's great!  Youre going to have so much fun.  What are you looking forward to doing there?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how is your night?", "My parents are on my back again. I can't stand it. You?", "I am in 3rd grade I can never do nothing", "That makes you, what? 8? 9?", "Yep I'm 9 10 in december", "That makes me 10 years older than you. My parents still treat me like I'm 9", "Whats your fave cartoon mine is mickey mouse", "Mickey mouse is cool, but I like scooby doo a lot", "Haha so does my older brother who always looks like shaggy", "That's great. Those guys are such weirdos.", "Lol what do you like to do? I like spending time at the playground", "I work part time at burger king. I just like hanging with my friends.", "Me too we usually just go to the playground or library", "Sounds like fun. I did those things at your age. You have a favorite book?", "Nope I like all books but my last one was lord of the flies", "Pretty advanced for your age. Awesome."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am on a diet.", "I like to spend money.", "I am high maintenance.", "I like to tan.", "I live in a multi family home with 25 other people. My multi family home has three toilets.", "I have trouble saving money. I spend money on clothing and health care bills."], "partner_persona": ["I am involved in a bake sale.", "I am involved in a charity for a band.", "I am high maintenance. I like getting my hair and nails done.", "I do not like to tan. I have a backyard. I have my own home.", "I do not have trouble saving money. I spend money on clothes."], "current_conv": ["How is the bake sale going? ", "It is going great! A lot of moms from school decided to donate their baked goods so we have a lot of different pastries and desserts. What's your favorite dessert?", "I love an Italian pastery called a cannolli.  My mom always used to go to the italian bakery and buy those for holidays.  ", "I have never had it but heard about it from my friend.  I love tiramisu.  Have you heard about those new tanning creams? Or do you still prefer tanning beds?", "I prefer the beds. I have not found a cream yet that doesn't turn me orange.  And besides, with a tannin bed, I get to have some relax time while I am getting my tan.  When the nex time that you are getting your hair done?", "I went to get a haircut  and color last week.  My niece recommended a new stylist to me and I really liked her.  I usually just get layers and color it ash brown, but I am pretty picky about how they cut and color my hair.  Plus, she also did this hair treatment and massaged my scalp. It felt amazing.  ", "Oh I bet.  I always love the scalp massages.  How long is your hair?  ", "It is getting pretty long actually, it reaches my mid back.  I cut my hair short few years ago but now I want to grow it long and healthy. How is your family doing? ", "Everyone is dong well. And everyone is always very busy.  Seems like we are always on the go. This weekend we are getting together for lunch and then shopping.  Are you planting a garden this year?", "I would love to however I am pretty busy with work. I am thinking of maybe hiring a gardener to help me design the garden and teach me how to take care of plants.  I want trees that don't shed too much. ", "That sounds like fun.  I am sure that a gardener is the best way to go", "I think so too. I love my backyard and the greenery but it it very hard to maintain.  I like to meditate in my backyard in the mornings."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I tend to do a lot of dieting. How are you?", "Hello, getting ready to start baking for the bake sale.", "Is it a charity event? I am always trying to spend money.", "It is. For the band. Please come, there are healthy options.", "I will be there! Just a warning, I am very high maintenance.", "So am I, lol. I am always getting my hair and nails done.", "Do you like to tan? We can tan in tanning beds some day.", "I do not. I have a wonderful backyard with a lot of privacy.", "Lucky. I do not have a yard and live in a multi family home.", "That's awful. I would not like that at all.", "It is tough and smelly. 25 people and 3 toilets.", "That would be awful. You really should move.", "I can't yet. Need to save money, spend it too quickly.", "I'd be saving all I could", "Ya, spend a lot of clothes and health care bills.", "Clothes are a weakness of mine as well."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drink coffee. I like tacos. I don't like margaritas.", "I have 2 sisters. My sisters love pink. I hate pink."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Alabama. I like tacos. I like my brother.", "I have 3 sisters and 1 brother.", "I don't have a bike.", "I have a dog."], "current_conv": ["Have you gotten a bike yet?", "No, my brother might let me share his though. It would make it more fun when i walk my dog!", "How has your dog been? ", "Pretty good, though im a bit mad at him, he ate my last taco i had for lunch!", "Oh, no! I'd be devastated lol. I don't have a dog, but I have sisters and they love to steal my food. Do your siblings do the same or are they decent?", "Well i really only like my brother, my 3 sisters can be pretty mean. Seems we share that in common.", "I don't know what it is about sisters, but they all seem to be pretty mean. My other friends also talk about their mean sisters, so I'm starting to think it's just how every sister is lol. I wish I had a brother. Maybe then our house wouldn't be covered in pink.", "Tell me about it! Everything is pink or flowers!  I hate pink too!", "Exactly. It's so annoying. They want to put their style on everything and don't consider what other people like. Why are sisters like that?", "Who knows, its making me exhausted thinking about it. I should go grab some coffee, i remember you liked coffee, do you have a favorite kind?", "I love any kind of coffee. For me, it's more about the flavor than waking myself up. So I end up drinking way too much lol. My favorite would probably be cold brew with a splash of vanilla milk. How about you?", "Oh i usually need it for the energy. Usually a few espressos or an americana"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "I'm fine from alabama, enjoying my tacos and brother.", "That sounds delicious. I am drinking my coffee.", "Oh yea? I am liking my tacos then.", "Tacos are yummy. Just not margaritas.", "Oh darn. How many siblings do you have?", "I've 2 sisters. They love pink, I hate pink.", "I happen to have three. And a brother. Go figure.", "Oh wow. That sounds fun. Do you have a bike?", "No no bike. In all labor there is profit, so I guess I could get one.", "Yes, that's a good way to look at it. Get a mountain bike.", "In the multitude of counselors there is safety. My lovely dog would run behind me.", "I am not sure I understand, but ok then.", "What I mean is, I value your opinion. You could have a taco.", "I'm out of coffee! I need to get more!", "I think alabama can help you with your fix, where I live."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I paint in my spare time. I clean houses.", "I like in Southern Texas. I'd like to live in California."], "partner_persona": ["I work in the music industry. I help artists create albums.", "I live in California. I do not like living in California. California is a nice place but has limited job opportunities. California's air is smoky."], "current_conv": ["How is the music industry?  ", "It's been such a dream come true. I get to do what I love every day and meet cool people. What makes you wanna move to California?", "That sounds like an awesome job! Working with musical artists sounds a lot more fun than my job cleaning houses. I've always wanted to visit Los Angeles and visit Hollywood and the Sunset Strip.", "It's definitely a beautiful city, but it can be frustrating to have to like.. use it as a work space instead of just enjoying it. Seeing the darker underside to things, you know? Do people treat you well in your job?", "I hear what you're saying. I heard the traffic there is ridiculous! Yeah, my boss is pretty chill and treats me well. Sometimes homeowners like to boss me around and make me feel small but I grin and bear it. So are you working on putting out any killer records?", "people suck sometimes.i hate when people treat others poorly. i'm sorry to hear that. i AM working with some exciting new artists -- some really cool folk artists who i think have interesting points of view. what's your favorite type of music?", "I'm not huge on folk, but I love rock and roll and country, which isn't surprising seeing that I live in Texas. Let me know when the albums drop, though, so I can check them out. It might be nice to listen to some easy-going folk music while I work on my paintings.", "my wife loves country music. she's from kentucky and loves dolly parton. who's your favorite country artist?", "Dolly Parton is good, but my favorites are Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson. Johnny Cash had that famous concert from the Folsom Prison in California.  Do you live near there?", "I don't! I liveup near the redwoods but travel to LA a lot for work. The woods are truly beautiful. Have you ever seen the redwoods?", "No, I haven't ever seen redwood trees, but I know they are enormous and very old!", "yes. it feels like seeing something holy. i'm so worried california's air will hurt them."], "history_conv": [["Hey there hows it going", "I am alright, my like has not been the best recently. How are you?", "Pretty much the same, things are looking up though, what do you do?", "I work in the music industry, help artists create amazing albums. What do you do?", "I used to paint a lot, now I clean houses and paint in my spare time", "That sounds fun! Where do you live?", "Southern area of texas, you?", "California, not my favorite place but that is alright", "I'd love to live in california, lucky", "Its a nice place, just not very many job opportunities out here for me anymore", "It would seem hard, being the popular area it is", "Very true, just hope the fires in the area do not burn my house down", "I'm sure! Is it super bad? I've not personally heard from some one there", "Pretty awful at the moment, super smoky air", "I am sure that'sn't fun to inhale", "Not at all, well enough about me, what do you do for fun?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 2 kids. I am expecting twins soon. I love country music.", "I do not know a lot about country music. I work as a teller at Chase Bank.", "I bought a home near a national park.", "I love to eat meat."], "partner_persona": ["I am a female. I do not have children. I sing country music.", "I would really like to go on tour with Rascal Flats.", "Tom Cochrane wrote \"Life is a Highway\" .", "I spent summers in my youth at national parks. I learned guitar at age 3. We used to sing a lot of campfire songs. My parents taught me the ukulele before the guitar.", "I may trying to eat a vegan diet but it's hard."], "current_conv": ["I'm getting nervous about the twins arriving soon. I am doubling the number of my children in one shot, going from 2 to 4 kids! I'm not sure how we'll be financially with my job at the bank. ", "That's an understandable concern, but it will all work it's self out. Life has a way of figuring itself out most of the time. ", "\"LIfe Is A Highway\" is a pretty good way to put it, and I hope I can stay on the pavement with this one lol", "lol, you've got this! And that song is so true no doubt", "Since you sing and play guitar, you ever think of making an album?", "I had thought about it, but it's something I enjoy so I don't know if I really wanna try to go the professional route ya know", "Yeah that's true, fun is fun and when you try to make a  living off of what's fun, it's not as enjoyable anymore", "Yea, especially if it doesn't take off like you expect or want to.", "Would you do one for fun? Just to hand out to friends and family? I wouldn't mind hearing you sing your heart out :)", "oh yeah! of course! I think that would be fun", "I love classic country music, maybe you could cover \"Stand By Your Man\" or something along those lines for me ", "I was gonna ask what kind of music you prefer. I like singing country pretty well."], "history_conv": [["Hey there, are you a mother?", "No. I sing country music. No kids yet.", "I have two kids, and some twins coming up. I love country music.", "I would like to go on tour with the rascal flats.", "He wrote life is a highway, right?", "I thought tom cochran wrote that.", "Oh, well I do not know much about country, I work as a teller at chase.", "I used to spend summers at national parks. That is where I learned guitar at age 3", "I bought a home near a national park recently.", "We did campfire sing a longs. My parents taught me on a ukulele first", "That's cool. My parents taught me what an omnivore is. I'm one.", "I'm trying to be vegan. It is not easy though.", "Yeah I could never give up meat.", "What about lab grown meat? Would that make it easy to give up real meat?", "I've not heard a lot about lab grown meat.", "It is supposed to be exactly like the real thing. Not sure how that is possible though"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Scotland.", "I like going outdoors. I broke my arm skateboarding, so I have to stay indoors."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Chicago. I am allergic to water.", "I do not go outside very often.", "I have 100,000 subscribers on Twitch. I play virtual sports. I do not play real sports.", "I am a game designer. I helped to design Starcraft. I am pretty famous. It took me 6 months to get 100,000 subscribers.", "I am designing a robot that will be a body double of me. The robot is still a prototype.", "I like to steam older video games like PS1 and Super Nintendo. I like to play video games a lot."], "current_conv": ["How is the robot design going? Is your prototype ready to go to market?", "Not yet, but I think it will be in the next couple of months. How is your arm healing? It must be boring to be indoors so much!", "It's healing quite alright. Yeah so boring I must say", "Are you still in much pain? When will you be able to go back to skateboarding?", "Not so much pain as the first day. The Doctor said I should be all healed in a week or two. Steamed any game recently?", "Mostly Super Nintendo stuff. I've been on a Nintendo kick lately. What is your favorite older Nintendo game? Mine are Super Mario Bros. and Tetris.", " Just super Mario for me", "That one is great. My favorite is the first one but Super Mario Bros. 2 was a good one too. You should try Tetris, it's good for passing time. ", "I've played Tetris, I just find it boring after a while", "That's true, it can be quite a lot of the same thing. So how has the weather been in Scotland? I was thinking about coming to Scotland but with my water allergy I should come in a dry season.", "The weather is pretty much okay. Sorry about your allergies. I would sure love to show you some new skateboarding skills I learnt", "Oh, I'd love to learn! Maybe there is an indoor park there? What new skills have you learnt?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you? Where abouts are you?", "I'm in chicago. Where are you?", "In scotland. Is chicago as cold and wet as it is here?", "Yes, but I am allergic to water. This is very unfortunate.", "It is. How do you keep clean?", "I don't go outside much. I stay clean this way.", "I want to go outside. I managed to break my arm skateboarding so I m stuck indoors.", "I only stream to my 100, 000 subscribers on twitch. I do not play real sports", "100k is very impressive. How long did it take to get that many?", "Since I helped make starcraft, my name was already out there. 6 months.", "Made as in developed? That s very cool.", "Designed, yes. Now I'm making a robot to be a body double of myself.", "A robot that looks like you?", "Indeed, but it is still a prototype", "Good luck with that. What games do you stream?", "Usually older generation, like ps1 and super nintendo. Do you watch twitch?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the Rolling Stones.", "I sold my vintage car to buy a house.", "I eat healthy food.", "I have kids and play video games.", "I exercise when i have time."], "partner_persona": ["I roleplay.", "I like ICP and I have a Ford Pinto.", "I like CoD and donuts. I can make vegan donuts.", "I live action roleplay. My kids like to roleplay too."], "current_conv": ["The rolling stones was absolutely amazing in concert.", "I bet! Mick Jagger still can rock out for his very advanced age haha", "Yup! My favorite song is Sympathy for the Devil. Are you a fan of them?", "Behind ICP they are a favorite group of mine, been listening to them since I was a kid :)", "Nice. What other music do you listen to?", "IT's funny, I listen to what I do like ICP and Stones, and then I also like easier stuff like rock oldies...The Guess Who, Grass Roots, etc", "That's cool, how old are you?", "Old enough, 45! And my husband is the same age and got me into roleplaying and gaming lol", "That's cool, I'm listening to the song No Sugar Tonight now because of you!", "Now do \"Clap For The Wolfman\" after that one and you'll be right the rest of the day haha!", "Will do! Apparently this song was for Wolfman Jack. Do you remember him?", "Oh yes, he was a favorite of my family when I was growing up "], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you tonight?", "Great, just got home from roleplaying as my favorite character. You?", "I am doing great. Getting ready to see the rolling stones in concert.", "Awesome. I am seeing insane clown posse tomorrow in my ford pinto!", "Wow a ford pinto. I sold my vintage car to help buy a house recently.", "Congratulations! If you are bored, come over and play call of duty and eat donuts!", "No donuts for me. I only eat healthy foods.", "Like what? I make vegan donuts! Do you play video games?", "Yes. I've kids, so video games in the house is a must.", "Would you try vegan donuts? They're all natural!", "Yes I could, find a recipe and send it to me", "Perfect. Do you exercise? I pretend to be different characters.", "I exercise when I have time. What activity do you do", "Its called live action roleplaying", "My kids might like that game.", "Probably. Mine do. What other activities do you do?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I read.", "I train martial arts.  I work as a stunt double.", "I have a diet and exercise plan."], "partner_persona": ["I am studying to be a lawyer.", "I love horses. I ride horses."], "current_conv": ["How are the studies or horses, whichever one you're doing.", "Studying is rough, but the horses are great. How's the training going?", "It's pretty tough!  Following my diet is challenging!  I'm sure it's just has hard as your studying plan!  Just a different kind of hard!  It will pay off in the end for both of us though!", "Hard work always pays off. Does your martial arts training come into play as a stunt double?", "It does!  So much of the martial arts crosses over into being a stunt double.  And having the martial arts background on my resume helps me land better jobs!  What kind of lawyer do you want to be when you graduate?", "Family/divorce lawyer. So many times growing up seeing people get taken to the cleaners when they didn't deserve it. Not having enough visitation time with their kids makes me want to go the extra mile so they get what they deserve.", "I bet that will be a very rewarding career to be able to help people in that situation!  How much longer do you have until you can take your final exams?", "I have 2 months left be fore finals and then the bar. After that I have an internship through a local office. As a stunt double what's the worst accident you've had?", "Luckily I haven't had anything too serious.  Just some scrapes and bumps and bruises!  I've seen some people get pretty hurt though and then their career is over for good.  I think that's where my martial arts training comes in handy because I know a lot of tricks for minimizing impact.  So do you get paid for your internship or do you not start getting paid until you're done with that?  ", "Thats good, i've seen YouTube videos of martial arts trainers that would punch and kick trees or hard surfaces to strengthen their bones. Some don't but I was fortunate enough to find this one that does. It's not like full time job pay scale but better than working for free.", "At least it's something!  I'm sure those student loan lenders will be hunting you down as soon as you graduate wanting paid back!!  I'd imagine all those years of college have not been cheap!  That's one thing that led me into a career path that didn't involve years of schooling!", "Yes schooling is never cheap and it was a hard decision to apply for school loans. I know in the long run i will make more than enough to pay it off, but it will be rough times for a bit. Ramen noodle rough times. Speaking of food what are you restricted to with your diet?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. How is it going? Tell me about yourself", "Hello. Well, I love horses.", "Wow. I've never been around a horse before.", "What do you like to do?", "I am an avid reader? What do you do for work?", "I am working on going into law.", "Smarty pants. I am a martial arts trainer, but I stunt double for extra money.", "That sounds really interesting. How is that business?", "It can be dangerous, but I have never broken any bones. It is really exciting", "That is great. I would figure that you would have a lot of injuries.", "I think it has to do with my diet and exercise regime. Keeps my bones strong", "I bet that does work.", "What do you do for fun?", "I like to ride horses and be on a farm.", "I recall the horses. I guess that is a stress reliever with law school", "It sure is. I would like to see more of the city though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to grill.", "I didn't have money growing up.", "I volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "I was a gym teacher.", "My favorite color is black."], "partner_persona": ["My boyfriend and I will be living together in an apartment on the outskirts of the city Philadelphia. I am an elementary school teacher.", "I speak fluently English, Spanish, French.", "My favorite colors are red and silver."], "current_conv": ["Will you be living close to your teaching job?", "Yeah, it's a little bit closer but still a bit of a commute. It's just going to be so exciting to be finally living with my boyfriend!", "You guys are going to have so much fun getting settled in.  HAve you done much shopping for the place yet?", "Yeah, I couldn't resist, haha! I have been stocking up a little bit, I hope he doesn't mind too much new stuff appearing!", "Well if he's anything like my boyfriend you'll be glad you stocked up.  When we moved in together he brought only his couch from college!", "Haha, they can be so funny can't they! How long have you guys been living together now?", "We moved in together just about a year ago.  I moved in with him which was about 3 hours away.  That's why I no longer teach gym.  I spend most of my days just grilling and volunteering.  It's been fun but I definitely miss the kids; I", "Have you looked for gym teaching jobs where you are now? Is it something you'd like to do again?", "I think I'd like to look for something just part-time; maybe even if I could find a preschool or something to take up just a small part of the day.  Plus that always ended up being my own exercise for the day, haha! Grilling and eating don't make for a very active lifestyle.  What's your favorite subject to teach the kids?", "That sounds good, I think you should 100% have a look! I like teaching science, especially nature subjects", "Ah I bet the kids love those subjects too, I always remember loving getting outside for lessons like that.  Do you teach them Spanish and French too?", "Yeah they do, I think that's also part of the reason I enjoy it, it's great to see them really engage with a subject! We do a little bit of Spanish and French, not a lot in the age group I teach, just the very basics to get them started. "], "history_conv": [["I fired up the grill. Cheeseburgers will be ready shortly!", "Nice! My boyfriend and I'll be moving in together", "That's great! It will save money. I didn't have money as a kid.", "We just bought an apartment, I teach elementary school.", "Teaching is fun. I've been volunteering at a local soup kitchen.", "Nice! I speak three language fluently english, spanish, and french", "Wow! That's impressive. I used to teach gym. I miss my students.", "What is your fave color I like the colors red and silver", "I think my favorite color is black because it goes with everything!", "Well that's pretty cool.", "Where is the apartment you are getting?", "It is close to philadelphia, pa", "Pretty expensive area right? Are you in the city?", "Well outskirts of the city", "Maybe I can come see you place someday?", "I think that will be great my boyfriend would not mind"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not like to exercise. I ride my motorcycle everywhere. My motorcycle is blue with a red stripe. I wear a helmet when I ride my motorcycle.", "I have fair skin and brown eyes.", "I am a veterinarian."], "partner_persona": ["I am planning to move to California.", "I am a doctor.", "I have a lot of student loans to repay.", "I have an electric car."], "current_conv": ["Have you had any luck with your applications to the California hospitals? Any interviews lined up? ", "No not yet and its not helping this loans disapear either. Hows the vet life treating you?", "It's been really great.  We were very busy up until last month but things are starting to slow done and feel more normal now.  Hopefully I'll be able to make time for a vacation soon!  I'm thinking California.", "Maybe ill finally move there by then and we can meet up! Do you plan on bringing your motorcycle? A lot of nice roads to ride on.", "That would be just perfect if you were there by then! If not, it'll jsut give me an excuse to visit again :).  I'd love to do a motorcycle ride out west, maybe take Route 66 the whole way and stay in classic motels. When are you thinking of making the move? ", "Hopefully really soon. I would like to have the job lined up before commiting, but it seems i might have to make the move first.", "That's a good point, I", "At least when i drive cross country ill save on gas with my electric car, haha.", "That will help immensely!! Every time I fill up my motorcyle, which is frequently, it hurts the old wallet a bit!  Anyway I know there are a ton of great hospitals for you to choose from in CA and I'm sure you'll find something in no time!", "Thank you, i think so too. Just a bit frustrating, its a big change and i want to get it started!", "I bet, well hang in there!  And if you need help moving,I can always hitch a trailer to the back of my motorcycle and help you out.  Any excuse for a roadtrip :)", "I will keep that in mind. Did you get that new helmet to match the colors and stripe of your bike?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you this fine day?", "Good. Enjoying the park today. How about you?", "Just got back from a motorcycle ride. Did you have a picnic?", "No, just walking for exercise and then going to see friday at the cinema.", "I'm not an exerciser. I take my motorcycle everywhere even in rain.", "Be careful on slippery roads. I'm looking to move out west soon", "Yeah. I wear my helmet to protect my head. Bumped it before. Where to?", "Near ca. I'm applying for jobs in the south at hospitals.", "I'd get burnt there with my fair skin and brown eyes. You a doctor?", "Yes, what do you do?", "I'm a vet. Primarily on farms", "Interesting. School is very expensive. I have a lot of loans I'm paying back", "Yeah. I use my shiny blue bike with a red stripe to save on gas.", "I've an electric car.", "Is it reliable? I'd be afraid it would lose charge too fast.", "More charging stations are being installed lately"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love chocolate. I love classical music.", "My favorite color is red.", "I am a Christian. I do not believe in ghosts."], "partner_persona": ["I love chocolate.", "I prefer music with a bassline.", "My favorite color is purple. I like to play ping pong. I have a purple ping pong table."], "current_conv": ["Was your father able to fix the lights in your basement? Hopefully you've been able to get back to playing ping pong. ", "He hasn't fixed them yet, so I'm considering trying to do it myself. Any tips? Because I have no clue what I'm doing lol. ", "Hmm, maybe it's best to ask an expert on this sort of thing. I know electric guitars but I don't know electric, hah.", "Electric guitars? I thought you were into classical! I'm just a fan of anything with some good bass. ", "Oh, I love all kind of music, but especially classical. Do you have a favorite producer?", "I have such a difficult time choosing favorite things. I'm pretty sure the only favorite thing I've ever been 100% certain of is the color purple. It's been my favorite for as long as I can remember, but everything else is so complicated lol.", "Purple is a great color, but you don't feel as strongly about chocolate? I'm a fellow chocolate lover. Definitely a favorite.", "I do love chocolate, but who doesn't? lol. I want to try some new chocolates, do you have any recommendations? ", "I don't know the brand, but there's a great chocolate my church sells as a fundraiser every year. I wish I could remember...", "I might just have to go to your church. It's been such a long time since I attended. How's everything been going for you there?", "Oh, I love it! You know the music I like most, so it's a great environment; best of both worlds! What denomination are you?", "My dad is Christian and my mom is Catholic. I don't really know what I want to be though. "], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today?", "Not sure if you knew this, but I love chocolate!", "Awesome! Me too! I also love classical music.", "Really? I can never tell the difference", "It is really enjoyable once you get into it.", "I suppose... I prefer something with more bass lol", "I understand. I also like the color red. What is your favorite color?", "Purple. The same as my ping pong table... Do you play?", "I have played before but not recently.", "Same here... Lights are out in my basement... Need to call my father", "Uh oh.. Maybe you should light some candles?", "I'd but I don't want to summon ghosts", "You should be ok, I am christian so I do not believe in ghosts.", "What about aliens? I heard they're already here!", "I think intelligent life would not willingly come here.", "So sad but I think you are right"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am piano teacher so I spend a lot of time playing music.", "I volunteer at homeless shelter.", "I love traveling."], "partner_persona": ["I walk dogs as a job and I like reading.", "I sing and also dance.", "My mom and dad were street walkers. Me and my family used to live in the shelter. My parents were sex workers.", "I also love kayaking."], "current_conv": ["Volunteering is keeping me busy and is quite stressful but I love feeling of being able to help someone", "It sounds like it would be a worth while life.  How often do you get to volunteer?", "I go at least once a week. More if I can, depending on my teaching and travel schedule. Were you able to finish painting your kayak?", "I did.  I am letting it dry and cure well.  I plan on going down river next weekend.  You love traveling.  Have you tried taking on an outdoor trip like kayaking?", "No, I haven't! Maybe next time I travel I'll look into it. Which river will you be kayaking on?", "I am down south in Alabama right now.  I am actually kayaking several.  They have some smaller rivers that have great scenery.  I am excited.  Have you every traveled south?", "Yes, I have! I love the South. I've never been to Alabama but I found Southeast Georgia and coastal South Carolina to be beautiful. Have you ever done a kayaking trip there?", "I have not been to Georgia, but I have traveled to South Carolina several times and not just for kayaking.  Charleston is a beautiful city.  They have several great music venues too.  I bet you would love it.", "I've been to Charleston and I did love it! We only got to hear a bit of live music but we had a great time. We stayed at the Francis Marion. What kind of music do you like to sing? Did you find any while you were in Charleston? ", "I travel with several musicians.  We usually stick to acoustic rock.  But we also love blues if the time calls for it.  What is your preference?", "Being a piano teacher I do a lot of work with classical music, of course. But for live music I like folk, especially Celtic music. Have you ever gone to a Celtic show?", "I have not.  A friend of mine I travel with loves it.  He plays it a lot when we are on break.  I might give it a shot one day."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you? Tell me about yourself.", "Hi, I make thirty dollars an hour walking dogs. You read alot? I do.", "No. I'm a piano teacher, so I spend most of my time playing music", "Sorry. I was painting my kayak. You sing or dance. I do both.", "What do you do in your free time?", "What is free time? My mom and dad were street walkers.", "I personally give back by volunteering at the homeless shelter.", "Great! My family lived in a shelter before. We learned to survive there.", "What is a street walker? Does it mean homeless? Survival is key", "They were sex workers. I read psychology journals sometimes. Do you?", "Wow that's crazy, no wonder you are into psychology", "Yes I know! I love kayaking to get away from everything. You kayak?", "No I love to travel.", "Wow that's great. I wish I could travel with my dog. You have dogs?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I take dance lessons. I like to dance to jazz. I like hip hop dance. I enjoy old school songs.", "I grew up in the eighties.", "I like lite brite."], "partner_persona": ["I play basketball.", "I like hip hop. I like Travis Scott.", "I love lite bite. I have an older sister.", "My mom is a dentist."], "current_conv": ["I heard that travis Scott has a new song out, have you heard it yet?", "Unfortunately I haven't yet, I was out of town so I haven't listened to much music lately :(", "Aw that's too bad. That's nice that you went out of town though! Where did you explore?", "My sister and I went to Fort Worth and did our yearly BBQ run, hit up some delicious eats for a few days", "That sounds like a great time. I've never been but would be curious to. Do they have good places to dance out there?", "Oh yes, there's a lot of those! I think you'd have a lot of fun! You're more than welcome to come along next trip we take", "Yeah definitely let me know when it would be! What else are you up to nowadays. Have you been able to play basketball recently?", "When the weather is cooperative, yes! We were supposed to have some time to play yesterday but the rain washed us out .", "Yeah weather really hasn't been so great lately. Can't wait for a sunny day to come out.", "Same here. I love spending time outdoors with my friends and sipping mimosas but we can't do that right now", "Yeah, I would love a lite bite in some nice sun and warm weather so badly these days.", "Let's get together and make that happen then! "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you today?", "Alright, just finished a game of baseball. What about you?", "Nice! I just got home from dance lessons.", "What kind of dance do you like?", "Jazz. I also like hip hop, because I enjoy listening to the old school songs.", "I like hip hop too! My favorite is travis scott", "Nice, I grew up with hip hop in the eighties.", "Did you enjoy the eighties in general or just the music?", "I love the eighties. My all time favorite toy is lite brite.", "I love the lite brite! My older sister used to have one but I swallowed a piece", "That sounds scary! Did you have to have it removed?", "I just waited it out, mom is just a dentist but she said it would be fine", "Well kids will be kids right? Lol", "Very true, everyone has an embarrassing story from childhood"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 61. I am a gym teacher.", "I was poor as a child. I volunteer.", "I like war documentaries.", "I like cheeseburgers. I love bacon. I have a soap kitchen."], "partner_persona": ["I am 56. I am a female.", "I paint.  My family does not visit me.", "I clean houses.", "I like raw steaks. I like eggs."], "current_conv": ["I had the worse day at work yesterday, a lot of the kids got sick and you wouldn't believe what happened. ", "Sorry about your day. Tell me what happened?", "There was a cold going around and I felt so bad for the sick kids.", "Sorry dear, but it's beyond your power to do anything, you can only help make them comfortable", "You're right. That is very good advice. Do you have any other life advice for me?", "haha, just trying to make you feel better. Do you still volunteer?", "Yes I still volunteer. I am a social worker and help underprivileged kids.", "That's great, was thinking of joining, any advice?", "You have to have a lot of empathy. These kids are in tough times.", "I do have empathy, can't say a lot, but I know I love kids a lot", "Then you would be a perfect fit!", "You think so? I just hope I don't get tired of it"], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon, how are you today?", "I am 56 years old and amazing. I am female and living it up.", "I am a 61 year old gym teacher", "Do you like the world. I am trying to take it over.", "It is a hard world, in my childhood we were poor, now I volunteer", "I paint in my free time because my family will not visit.", "That is sad. In my free time I enjoy war documentaries.", "I think the mona lisa is cool art", "Yes it is nice. What is your favorite food? Mine is cheeseburgers.", "I clean houses all day. People can be dirty.", "So true, being a gym teacher I can attest to how people can and be dirty.", "I like raw steak and eggs. Bring on the bacon.", "Cheeseburgers are where it is at for me. I love bacon on my burgers though.", "When I take over the world I'll grant bacon to everyone", "Awesome. Everyone at my soap kitchen would love to have bacon, not often on the menu.", "Well before I turn 57 I'll make it happen"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Tracy. I am 24 years old. I look like Taylor Swift.", "I am getting married to a man in the spring.", "I like to eat out with my friends.", "My friend Verna Jean passed away."], "partner_persona": ["I love cheeseburgers. I love watching war documentaries.", "I am a retired gym teacher. I am not married.", "I like to volunteer at soup kitchens.", "I grew up poor."], "current_conv": ["I have been working hard at wedding planning these last few days. ", "Oh, that sounds like a dream! How is it going for you? Will you have everything ready for Spring?", "This is a very complicated process planning a wedding but it is so exciting! Maybe we will cook out cheeseburgers at the reception if the spring rain holds off.", "Oh, you know you're speaking my language! It's just important to balance the high calories with plenty of physical exercise.", "My friend Verna that just passed away was exercising when she passed. Her heart was pressed to far while running a marathon.", "I'm sorry to hear that, and sorry for your loss. It can be just as important to take it easy when needed.", "So much unpredictability in life. She was good food eater and cheeseburgers were off limits however she will not know the joy of foods that like that.", "I couldn't give them up if I tried. You?", "Same here. I try to workout a couple days a week to offset the indulgence. How do you exercise?", "I like to go back to the basics. Plenty of cardio followed by sports! Do you have a routine?", "Yes, hand weights for upper body and treadmill for cardio. I use a Fit Bit to track my progress do you?", "Those are awesome! I have a more generic version. I try to be thrifty."], "history_conv": [["Hi, tracy here, 24 and looks like taylor swift. You?", "I love eating cheeseburgers and watching war documentaries", "Me too! I am getting in spring. You married?", "No! I am actually a retired gym teacher but not married", "Oh okay. You know verna jean? She was a gym teacher too. You sing?", "Mainly in the shower lol! I like to volunteer at soup kitchens! You?", "No I do not volunteer anywhere. My friends and I eat out.", "My family was poor but now that I am older I can eat out as well!", "My friend verna jean like to eat out too but now she dead.", "Oh that is really sad! I am sorry", "I am sorry your family had to eat at soup kitchens. Sounds rough.", "That's okay! That's why I volunteer now!", "Good! I'm marrying a man with a big heart in the spring.", "That is great! I bet it will be a beautiful wedding"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a mother.", "I am going to school for computer programming.", "I am from India. There are things I miss about India.", "I am a swim coach at the pool."], "partner_persona": ["I've worked in my field for fifteen years.", "I am a man born in America. I enjoy sports.", "I have dogs. I take my dogs to the beach every morning.", "My son is four years old."], "current_conv": ["What kind of things do you like to do with your son? ", "We play with his toys, I'm trying to get him into football but he's a bit young yet. We also go to the beach together, he loves the sand! Do you live near any beaches?", "Aw, the beach is great! One of my favorite places to be. I could help teach swimming!", "Yeah, although I imagine swimming in the ocean is very different from in the pool. I don't go to the pool a lot, I mainly swim in the ocean near my house.", "Oh, it's definitely quite a bit different. Good to know the basics, though. My mother loves the swimming pool to do her exercises, so I'm always happy to be there. ", "Did your mother move away from India with you? I'm glad you both have an activity you can enjoy together, I hope to have that with my son. ", "Yes, she did. I was originally going to return to India after getting my degree, but I've fallen in love with this place and encouraged my family to come with me. My mother absolutely loves it. Of course, we still miss many things about India but it's still nice. I'm sure you'll find plenty of activities to bond with your son! Other than sports, what do you think you'll get him interested in?", "I'm hoping he also grows up to love animals like I do, he loves our dogs so I think we're off to a good start! I'm hoping he enjoys school as well, I want him to be able to get a good job when he's older.", "It's easy to teach children to love animals when you love them yourself. Just keep being that example to him and he'll grow into a great man. Education is so important! There are many different paths to take in life, but no matter which one we take we should always be learning along the way.", "You are very inciteful! How are your computer programming studies going, are you enjoying learning this field still?", "It's very exciting work to me! I enjoy very technical fields and it has been the perfect challenge. Have you considered studying anything new or are you quite happy in your current field?", "I'm glad you are still enjoying it, I'm sure you're going to go really far in this field, best of luck to you (not that you need it)! I'm quite happy in my field, I also had to do a lot of studying to get here so I'm happy to keep going for now!"], "history_conv": [["My family likes to live in the past. Especially my mother.", "That is interesting. I'm rather boring I've worked in it for 15 years", "Great. I am going to school for computer programming. Do you like it?", "It is a good subject to study. You have to update your skills throughout your career though.", "Were you born here? We are from india. I love it here.", "Yes, I am an all american male, who enjoys sports. Do you miss india?", "Some things. People are very poor there. But some things are beautiful.", "Perhaps I will be able to visit one day, once my child is grown.", "I learned to swim in the ocean. I coach here at the pool.", "That is great! I take my dogs to the beach every morning.", "With your child? How old is he or she? In school?", "He's 4, he will go to school next year. He also loves the ocean.", "India is not interesting for children. Only for adults.", "Why is that? Kids can find interesting things no matter where they are.", "Poverty is everywhere. Some people have no money for clothes.", "That is sad, I wish I could adopt children who need a good home.", "For some reason the children from there are very intelligent.", "I'm sure they're. Kids who have difficult lives, learn very quickly."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am now cancer free.", "I'm retired. I have grandchildren.", "I like all colors.", "I don't own a smartphone."], "partner_persona": ["I dance. I work in a bookstore. I studied Chemistry.", "I hate the color orange. I use some technology."], "current_conv": ["What kind of dancing do you do?", "I do salsa dancing and ballet.", "How quickly did you learn the dances?", "They were easy to learn, it took me about 2 months.", "Do you prefer salsa or ballet? which is your favorite?", "I prefer salsa because it is more fun.", "Do you think it's a dance that a Grandfather can learn?", "Yes definitely! Anyone can learn it.", "I feel like i would need to have some rhythm to do salsa.  ", "Don't worry about it. It will come to you!", "How often do you dance?", "I dance all the time. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "I am doing good, how are you?", "I am doing well, now that I am cancer free!", "Awesome, what do you do?", "I am retired and enjoying my awesome grandchildren. You?", "On the weekend I dance, I also work in a bookstore and studied chemistry.", "That sounds busy. My life is more laid back now that I don't work.", "Lucky you, I wish I was retired already lol", "You will be in due time! Enjoy each season as it comes.", "I will try, which color do you hate the most?", "I like all colors really? Do you hate one? Do you use a lot of technology?", "The color I hate the most is orange and I use some technology.", "I don't even own a smartphone. Maybe I should try it out.", "A smartphone is good but being on it 24 7 is terrible for your eyesight."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play ping pong.", "I play the violin.", "I like to travel. I have been to China. I am fluent in Chinese. My favorite chocolate bar is from China. I speak Spanish."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog walking business.", "I do not play any instruments. I kayak for fun.", "I would love to visit a foreign country.", "I speak a little Spanish. I like to read.", "I am a grad student. I like chocolate."], "current_conv": ["I am going back to China soon. ", "That's great. I am so jealous. Do you have a holiday planned in China?", "Yes I do. I'm returning in a few weeks for a month-long vacation, and I may look for work there. I feel like I really need a change in life right now. Are you planning on traveling? I know you had wanted to.", "That's exciting. Yes. i hope to visit  Spain when i save enough money. Maybe brush up on my Spanish while there", "That would be lovely! What are you studying in Grad School again? If your course load isn't too heavy you could take a Spanish class or even study abroad, which would help with language and cost!", "I am studying Psychology. After my exams i'll have more time to focus on my business and save up. I am done with studying after this post grad", "Oh is this your final semester of grad school? That's exciting. Do you have a job lined up for after you finish your finals?", "Yes. will be finished soon. My dog walking business will be my job for a while till I get back from a holiday. I am not looking for  new jobs yet.", "That's a pretty successful dog walking business then! Do you have any idea of where you want to apply for the long term? Are you going the clinical psychologist route?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "Good evening. How are you tonight? I'm well.", "I am doing good, I just finished playing ping pong.", "I am trying to write invoices for my dog walking business.", "That seems like hare work, I like to play the violin in my free time.", "I love the violin. I do not play anything. I kayak for fun however.", "I like to travel as well in my free time, I just came back from china.", "Oh wow! I would love to visit a foreign country. Was it fun?", "Yes it was, I am fluent in chinese so it makes it so much easier.", "I imagine it would. I speak a little spanish, not much. I like reading though.", "I bought back one of my favorite chocolate bars from china, I speak spanish as well.", "I'm a grad student and I eat my share of chocolate during late night studying.", "I remember those days, and getting top ramen most of the time.", "Is not tha the truth? It leaves little time for much else."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from Pennsylvania.", "I am expecting my first child.", "I am a Physician's Assistant. I started my job 3 months ago. My job is boring.", "I love documentaries. I would make a documentary on my husband and his job. My husband is the best."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Ohio.", "I do not have any kids. I have a musician.", "I like to study languages."], "current_conv": ["My job is getting a little bit better. It's still a boring, but it's getting a little less so. ", "I'm glad your job is getting more interesting! So what kind of job does your husband do? It must be interesting if you'd like to make a documentary about it.", "My husband works in construction. He's a foreman.", "I can see how that would be interesting especially with the variety of projects to work on. What other kinds of documentaries do you like?", "I really enjoy true crime documentaries. Do you watch any?", "Yes! I'm watching one right now. Which ones are your favorite? I like Joe Kenda a lot, and the People Investigates series.", "I really enjoyed The Ted Bundy Tapes. The criminal mind interests me.", "Me too. Ted Bundy was really scary! Have you watched the documentary on the Golden State Killer?", "Yes, I think I've seen them all! ", "Have you seen any of the ones about people who were doctors/nurses, etc like Donald Harvey?", "I've seen some, but I don't believe I've seen one on Donald Harvey.", "He worked in a hospital near Cincinnati. They called him the \"Angel of Death\". He smothered patients with their pillows. Creepy guy. It was a while ago, back in the 70s and 80s. He killed a lot of people."], "history_conv": [["I there I'm from pennsylvania. How about you?", "I'm in ohio. We are almost neighbors.", "I know. Do you have any kids? I am expecting my first child soon.", "Congratulations! I do not have any kids. The musician lifestyle is too hard for that.", "Oh that sounds exciting. I just became a pa 3 months ago. My job is boring.", "I'm sorry to hear that. Is there something you would rather be doing?", "Making documentaries because I love them.", "Wow. That sounds pretty interesting. What subjects would you focus on?", "My husband and his job", "Wow. He must be a pretty interesting guy if you are going to do a documentary.", "He is the best that's why I let him impregnate me", "So what else do you like to do besides make documentaries?", "Make love to my husband", "Personally, I like to study languages."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Emily. I wait tables.", "I ride on a motorbike mainly for transport. The helmet messes up my hair.", "I do not like hat-hair.", "I live in Cairo. I have light skin and big brown eyes. I do not fit in where I live."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Kim.", "I do not like hat-hair. I do not like to sweat.", "I am retired. I do not like snow.", "I used to work for airlines. I like to grill. I like to gamble. I cut the grass.", "I live in Florida. I am old. I fit in where I live."], "current_conv": ["Work was really hard today. We were really busy and I was on my feet all day. I think I need to retire, like you!", "Retirement is good, but sometimes I get bored.  I miss having my schedule full with work sometimes.  ", "That makes sense. Maybe I need to find a middle ground - something to keep me busy but not make my feet so dang sore!", "Middle ground is always good. From one extreme to the other is always hard. I bet that you meet some interesting people as a waitress!", "Definitely. I meet my fair share of you-know-whats that make life difficult, too, ha! How's Florida been treating you?", "It's hot and humid.  Winters are nice - summers are too hot at sticky.  Thank goodness for air condtioning.  But I guess I can't complain - it's gotta be even hotter in Cairo", "It's very very very hot here, that's for sure! Is it true there are alligators in Florida? I saw footage of one just walking across a golf course once! Crazy!", "Yes, it is.  Don't let your small dogs go wondering around by the water for sure.  I prefer the ocean and not the lakes.  There are no alligators in the ocean  :)  What kine of motorcycle do you drive?", "That's absolutely crazy! And I drive a classic Harley. If only some genius could come up with a helmet that doesn't mess up my hair, I'd make them a millionaire!", "Ha! Harley has been around for over 100 years, and they still haven't figured out a helmet that doesn't give you helmet head.  And I think they never will", "There are some mysteries in life that will never be solved I guess, lol. Any big gambling wins lately? I wish I had the nerve to bet big!", "Yes, I have been very lucky at the tables lately.  But you have to bet big to win big"], "history_conv": [["Hey my name is emily, could I get yours?", "Hello emily, my name is kim. What have you been up to today?", "Just been waiting tables all day, now I am just trying to unwind", "Waiting tables is hard work. Unwinding sounds better", "Yeah definitely. By the way is my hair okay? This motorbike helmet always messes with it", "Looks good to me, I hate hat hair, sweating, ugh", "Yeah, honestly the worst. Do you have any personal peeves?", "Yeah, snow, I move south in the winter since I retired", "You retired? You still look young to me! What did you do?", "Spent alot of time on airplanes, now I grill, gamble and have fun", "Wow sounds fun! Would you be interested in riding motorbikes? Gives you a bit of excitement", "I would say it does, ride much or race?", "It is my main source of transport. The weather is always perfect down here.", "Where is down here? I mow the lawn when weather is great", "Cairo. I usually stick out though with my really light skin and big brown eyes.", "Florida here, everybody is old, retired and does casinos here so I do not stick out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I skateboard. I recently broke my arm.", "I'm interested in volunteering."], "partner_persona": ["I used to be in the military.", "I volunteer at a bunny sanctuary.", "I work at a ship yard."], "current_conv": ["Will you ever consider adopting a bunny?", "I would consider adopting a bunny for myself.", "I really want to start volunteering now, is it difficult at the bunny sanctuary?", "It is very easy if you have a lot of empathy.", "Well i think i do, does your military background help keeping everything organized?", "Yes definitely. Having a military background is great.", "Ive always thought of joining, i am a bit clumsy though. I still have this cast on my arm for another 2 weeks.", "That's fine. You can work around it.", "I guess they would be able to whip me into shape.", "It would a great decision to make.", "Well i will definitely consider it. How has work been at the shipyard?", "It has been fantastic and great."], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing today?", "I'm doing great! How about you?", "Doing good went to watch my friends at the skate park today", "Well, that sounds like fun! Do you skate too?", "I do and got a call friend just broke his arm seeing a doctor so cant sleep", "Ouch! I am sorry to hear that. You need to sleep though.", "It ironic cause my arm still healing as well and thanks", "Being a former member of the military, pain is never far from home.", "Thanks for the service I think about going to mall tomorrow", "I'm going to the bunny sanctuary where I volunteer.", "I want to come one day to help you see how it like", "It is adorable! Thousands of bunnies hopping around freely.", "Well I will buy a hat when I help you out there anyway nice talking with you", "Well thank you. Same to you.", "Thinking about heading out working on my kick flips", "I have work tomorrow. I work at a ship yard, and morning comes early."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from Canada. I work for the army. I am in the army's artillery. My grandfather was in the army in WWII.", "I do not have any pets.", "My favorite food is shawarma. I want to learn to cook. It is hard to find good food in Canada.", "I do not watch the Food Network. I do not follow cooks on Facebook."], "partner_persona": ["I am from Alabama. I work in construction. I learned construction from my dad.", "I have 5 cats. I rescued the cats. They are very special to me.", "I like to cook. Watching the Food Network or following cooks on Facebook is a good way to learn to cook."], "current_conv": ["I tried to watch a cooking show on the Food Network, but it seemed so complicated. Do you have any suggestions on how I should begin to learn how to cook? What type of food should I start with?", "It seems complicated haha, but you are definitely in the right direction. Watching the food network or facebook cooking is a great way to learn how to cook. I suggest starting with whole carbs such as pasta liguene, an Alabama favorite.", "It is complicated but i have a passion to learn. How quickly do you think i will be an acceptable cook if i put a lot of effort into it?", "One thing I learned about passion is that it takes more than that to do anything. I worked in construction, taught by my dad, and I succeed intill my work ethic surpassed my passion. For cooking you have to get out of your comfort zone and work hard. If you work hard you will have acceptable cooking in a matter of days , maybe even weeks.", "Cooking is cool, but construction is even cooler. Do you build from group up, or do you do smaller jobs?", "Yeah construction is really cool, I one time even rescued some cats by working on the house for a new family. I do group ups and had to work my way up the scale with my work ethic which got me better, similar to cooking!", "It must be nice to build things. It's definitely a lost skill!", "Truly, It all started off with me finding 5 cats in a house too. Before that I wasnt even thinking about construction bu it definitely pays well and is also very interactive.", "I'm a cat lover too, so i definitely understand. It's nice to do jobs where you are you own boss and responsible for yourself.", "Yah those five furry felines are very special to me. Back to the discussion of the job thats how I was raised in Alabama, to find a job that is for you and bossed by you. It makes you the happiest in the end!", "I agree. I wish i had those skills. ", "Just start working on it and I promise you will prosper. What is your job field? Is it similar to construction or completely different because it similar you may have a shot at construction skills."], "history_conv": [["Hello where are you from?", "I am from alabama. I work construction, I learned from my dad. You?", "I am from canada and I work for the army", "What do you do in the army?", "I am in artillery. Following after my grandfather who was in wwii", "Following in the family footsteps, very cool. Do you have any pets?", "No pets. How about you?", "Yes, I have 5 cats. I rescued them and they're very special to me.", "How nice of you. Any other interesting facts about you?", "I like to cook. How about you? Any interesting facts?", "I like shawarma. It is my favorite. Do you cook indian food?", "I haven't, I should take it up though. It is nice to try new things.", "It is hard to find good food in canada so I want to learn to cook", "Do you watch the food network or follow cooks on facebook?", "No I do not. Is that a good way to learn?", "Yes, I believe it is, as long as you can follow directions."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My father is in the military. My mom is dead.", "I use to be a pole dancer. I now work for social security."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the city. I used to live on a farm.", "I have a drinking problem.", "I use to teach dancing. I live in a box.", "I am 45. My mother is dead."], "current_conv": ["I might start pole dancing again.", "Wow that sounds like a big change back. What brought that up?", "I decided that I want to be my old self.", "Sometimes you do just have to go with what you think will make you happy. Im still struggling with that.", "Really? Tell me about your problems.", "Well im still homeless, i havent gotten over my moms death, and i just cant give up the booze.", "That's tough. Just remember to keep on going and it will all work out.", "You are right but its tough. Maybe i should get out of the city and move back to the country. Open up a dancing studio.", "Yeah that is a pretty smart idea.", "I just have to figure out a way to make the money. Im sure if i could find the support to stop drinking that would be a good start.", "True, best of luck with that.", "Thank you and i hope your new career works out too! Are you still keeping in touch with your dad?"], "history_conv": [["Dad is military, mom is dead and I'm tracy. Hi!", "H hey buddy, spare some change? Oh I got the shakes lad.", "Sorry no change. I'm former pole dancer. Now I work for social security.", "Burp oh is that so? Do you preform on sidewalks by chance?", "No sidewalks. Mom said soup is good for the shakes before she died.", "I left me farm life behind, live in the city now.", "Great! Dads platoon volunteered to go help in puerto rico. You dance?", "D does shaking count as dancing? Oh man.. I need a drink.", "No shaking isn't dancing. I got fired trying to teach a pig to dance.", "Teaching dancing to inanimate objects was my profession. I live in a box.", "Home is where the box is. Boiled pig skin is good for alcohol shakes.", "P pig skins are monitored by the illuminati. They want to take away our booze.", "You sure? You have box insurance? You should because its your home.", "Is vomit stains insurance? It seems to keep everyone away.", "My dad made my mom football soup before died of the shakes.", "I'm 45! My mom is dead. Darn you illuminati!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am recuperating from a heart transplant that I had over a week ago. My heart was outside my body when I was born. I feel better now.", "I would like to ride a motorbike one day."], "partner_persona": ["I have a red and blue striped race motorbikek. I have been racing on my motorbike for 10 years.", "I wear a helmet and safety eyewear when I ride my motorbike."], "current_conv": ["I am getting stronger every day. Today I was able to get up and walk around the block. Maybe next week I'll be well enough to ride a motorbike? Not!", "I have heard of others with the same thing about their heart as a kid and they had multiple surgeries in their life. How many heart surgeries in total have you had?", "I've had a lot. This one was my seventh and I hope it will be the last for a long time! I already feel like an entirely new person. So hey, when's your next race coming up?", "I'm glad you are recoverying well! I have an event scheduled in 2 weeks from this Friday. I am so excited. My buddy and I both race, we have a bet for this one. Have you ever ridden a motorcycle?", "No, I never have. My doctors didn't think it was a great idea because of all the surgeries. Maybe when I'm fully recovered I can ask again, because I'd love to try it. Where's your race going to be, anyplace fun?", "It will be in Birmingham, Alabama. The race track is called Barber Motorsports Park. It is a good drive for my buddy and I, we live in Tennessee. We will get there early and do some sight seeing. Have you ever been to Alabama?", "No, I never have. I've heard that it's really nice there. Do you race on dirt, or is it a paved track? Is it like I see on tv sometimes, with hills and jumps and all sorts of wildness? That looks like so much fun.", "this one is on pavement. If you cant ride a motorbike, maybe you should attend a race, It is really thrilling. What kind of hobbies do you have?", "Mostly indoor stuff like reading, cooking, decorating, things like that. When you have to hang out in the house a lot you get motivated to make it more pleasant! I'm looking forward to taking up more outdoor stuff like fishing and hiking and horseback riding. And maybe motorbiking!", "Do you ever grow the food you cook? Or do you have great farmer's markets in your area?", "We have great farmer's markets here, I live in rural Pennsylvania. I go every week and get lots of veggies and locally-farmed meat. The only thing I can't get there is fish/seafood. That's why I want to learn to fish, haha!", "The other day, I read an article about a Bacon festival in Pennsylvania. Speaking of food, I would love to go to that! Too bad you can't fish for bacon..lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing today?", "I'm doing great polishing my red and blue striped race motorbike.", "That is cool. How long have you been racing?", "I have been racing for over 10 years, how are you today?", "I am fine, stuck in bed just had a heart transplant over a week ago.", "Wow, I am sorry to hear.", "When I was born my heart was outside of my body", "Sorry to hear dude I'm glad you are still alive.", "Yeah I'm alot better now, thankfully", "Hey, well when you recover from surgery maybe you can ride a motorbike.", "That would be awesome, I'd really enjoy that.", "Ep, just make sure to wear a helmet and safety eyewear, that's what I do.", "I will definitely keep that into consideration.", "Yes because if not, your eyes will start tearing up and your mouth will drool."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I take walks in the morning. I like sunrises.", "I like to garden.", "I teach middle school.", "My parents have forgotten my birthday."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy the sunrise.", "I have a fish as a pet.", "I have an ex-boyfriend.", "I had a birthday recently. I am 18 years old.", "My parents forgot my birthday. My parents are self-absorbed. I do not get along with them."], "current_conv": ["How is life with your fish? Does it have a name? Gone on any good walks recently?", "It's been nice, his name is Finley. And yes! I went on a really nice sunset walk last night with some friends. ", "Finley is a great name! What kind of fish is he? And I'm jealous of a sunset walk, where did you all go?", "He's a Betta fish! We went to this really nice park about a half hour from us. It was really nice. Have you gone on any of your morning walks recently?", "Oh Bettas are lovely, and that sounds wonderful! I actually did a sunrise walk on the beach with my girlfriend two days ago. It was really wonderful, since it was our anniversary. I got us matching dresses and she surprised me with a mini beach day trip, on which we went for a sunrise stroll.", "Oh wow, that sounds lovely! Did you catch a pretty sunrise?", "Yeah we did! We got to see an absolutely beautiful sky. I definitely want to go back.", "I just love sunrises and sunsets! My whole camera roll is a bunch of pictures of the sky, lol. I may watch the sunrise sometime this weekend!", "Same! I have so many photos of the sunrise/sunset. It's such a common thing, I mean there are two every day, but it's always unique and beautiful.", "Defiantly! How's your middle school kids been?", "They've been good! I love teaching, and its always rewarding to see them learn new things. Plus, I love that I can be an example of an LGBT person for these kids, since some come from homophobic homes. I had a student come out just yesterday, and I was so proud that I can create a space where these kids feel safe to be themselves.", "Wow, that is amazing! You are a great role model to them, I love that. I bet it's such a great and rewarding feeling."], "history_conv": [["Hey! What a beautiful day it is!", "It sure is, the sunrise was a lovely orange this morning.", "I just got back from my morning walk and the sunrise as excellent here too.", "I walked to the pet store and came back with a fish.", "I spend a lot of time gardening though, cannot bring a fish into the garden. Heh", "Many people have outdoor aquariums, my ex boyfriends parents did.", "I'd love to see one of those.", "My birthday cake yesterday had a tiny aquarium piped on it.", "Happy belated birthday! A student of mine had his birthday today.", "Thank you so much, how old is he? I am finally 18.", "The boy was 12, I'm a school teacher. The whole class sung him happy birthday", "Aww. How sweet. My parents forgot my birthday, as usual.", "I'm sorry to hear that. My parents used to forget mine, it happens.", "Mine are self absorbed, unless it is about them they do not care."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been working out.", "I like wearing skinny jeans. It is important to me to stay fit.", "I have a cat.", "I am hair stylist.", "I like to teach aerobics."], "partner_persona": ["I garden. I do outdoor walking.", "I have a dog.", "I am a school teacher.", "I go to church every week."], "current_conv": ["Which subject do you handle and for which level?", "I cover senior chemistry. It's always a fun time during lab day.", "That sounds really awesome, no doubt a lot of fun. What's the most interesting experiment you've taught so far in your career? ", "One time we turned on a light bulb with a potato. That was a pretty cool one. How has your job been? I might come see you soon. I need a cut.", "That's amazing. I have not the slightest clue of how that's even possible - sometimes the switch is enough of a problem. It has been pretty good, busy and steady so no complaints. Let me know when you have a better idea of when you'd like to swing by and I'll slot you in. ", "Busy and steady is great. Still making time for the aerobics classes? Maybe I can come by after church this Sunday? ", "Here and there still, yeah. I've cut back to one class a week to accommodate work and other things, but you're in luck as it's every Sunday afternoon. Just make sure you're prepared to throw knees and elbows at the air. ", "Oh man I was still talking about the hair for sunday afternoon! That's okay though, I'm definitely down for the class instead. The walking I've been doing isn't shedding these extra pounds around my hips! Maybe I can get my haircut on Friday. ", "Oh, my bad. Yeah, Sundays are my day off so that won't work, but Friday I can definitely book you in. Sorry to hear about the walking not having the desired result, but I'm glad you'll give the classes a try! It's a lot of fun and a little more intense. ", "Perfect, that's just what I need. Karen went to your class a few weeks ago and was raving about it to me. I'm excited to get in on the action.", "Did she? That's actually great to hear. Sometimes I think I'm being a little too animated in trying to hype everyone up but I guess I'm just psyching myself out. You'll love it, there's only about a dozen of us that show but they're all mutual friends so it won't feel awkward. ", "Awesome, this will be fun. Maybe after a few dozen of these classes I can finally look as good as you do in skinny jeans."], "history_conv": [["How are you this evening?", "Good. Just relaxing after a long day of gardening. You?", "I have been working out. I like staying in shape.", "I do too. I do a lot of outdoor walking.", "I like wearing skinny jeans so it is important to me to stay fit.", "Understandable. I have a dog. Do you have any pets?", "I have a cat. She likes to curl up on my band shirts.", "Nice. I am a school teacher. What do you do?", "I am a hair stylist. I like to keep my hair really short and blond.", "Very cool. A lot of people at my church wear it that way. I go every week.", "Do you like being a school teacher?", "I love it. I've been doing it for years now.", "Awesome. I think teaching is the most important job", "Thank you. It is appreciated.", "Welcome. I'd have liked to teach, maybe aerobics or something.", "It isn't to lae to do so."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am coach Danny.", "I think wine in the evening is must.", "I can bring my little league kids."], "partner_persona": ["I have cats. My cats and I watch the birds.", "I did not drink coffee. My doctor said not to drink coffee.", "I am sad when the holidays are coming. My kids do not come. I am old.", "I am on a special diet."], "current_conv": ["Can you list out the special diet you follow?", "I am on the carnivore diet thanks to Joe Rogan.", "Oh wow, that is interesting. Has it been working out for you?", "It has been working and my skin has cleared up.", "Thats great im glad its doing well! How have your cats been?", "My cats have been doing great.", "Im glad, have you seen any interesting birds lately?", "I have seen a blue jay in my backyard.", "I love bluejays. I put up a feeder after the last time we talked, though im just getting crows.", "Oh man, bird watching is so fun!", "It really is. They are some crazy little creatures.", "I love bird watching with my mom!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there coach danny here! How are you?", "The same. Me and the cats are watching the birds.", "Cool!! Coffee and bird watching sounds fun", "No coffee here. Doctor says no. Trials of being old I guess", "Wine!? Wine in the evening is a must! Especially after little league", "Oh young people. The holidays are coming. That makes me sad.", "Why sad! I know thank god for my mini van! I pack it with gifts", "My kids do not come. Just me and the cats again? Do you like cats?", "Sorry about that! Maybe I can bring my little league kids over.", "Oh, that would be wonderful. So long as they are nice to the animals.", "They are good kids, please provide coffee!", "I will have to send for some from the store.", "Sounds like a plan, anything you love to eat?", "I'm on a special diet from the doctor. Better eat what she says", "Sorry to hear, are you sick?", "Not any sicker than usual, just old I guess"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I spend my time gardening and with my dogs.", "I'm retired. I love red stilettos. I was a flamingo dancer in my youth. I'm not a stripper. I danced in Spain for the queen.", "I go to church weekly. I go for long hikes.", "I paint."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a watch dealer cashier at a pawn shop.", "I love shoes. I want a Rolls Royce one day.", "My parents won't let me work as a stripper. A queen paid me to dance. I strip because my parents won't buy me a Rolls Royce."], "current_conv": ["I started a painting of my dogs in my garden. It's great when your hobbies collide!", "That is great. What type of dogs do you have?", "German Shepherds. So loyal but so furry, lol! It's crazy how much hair they shed.", "How many do you have? I've always wants a dog, but haven", "I have 3 now. I would happily get more in a heartbeat. You should totally get one!!", "I'm think about it! What's the best part about having one?", "Just the unconditional love, really. They're always down to do whatever you want to do, whether it's high energy or taking a nap.", "That's sweet. Maybe i should start out with a small dog first and see how it goes. ", "They definitely require less exercise, but they can also live longer, so it can be a bigger commitment strangely!", "Good points. Smaller dogs do live longer. I would like to have a companion that gives me unconditional love!", "Dogs are for you then! I don't think I could be without one at this point. A house just doesn't feel like a home without a dog.", "Do yours stay inside or are they outside dogs?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? I'm great!", "Hi, I work at a pawn shop as the watch dealer cashier. You work?", "Hi, I spend my time with my dogs and gardening.", "Great! I love shoes and want a rolls royce one day. You drive?", "I'm retired. I love red stilettos. I was a flamingo dancer in my youth.", "Wow! My parents will not let me work as a stripper. I want a rolls.", "Now, I go to church every week and go for long hikes. I have changed!", "Oh okay. Is your church for ex strippers? You sing in the choir?", "Not a stripper, I danced in spain for the queen.", "Get out! I danced for a queen too. She paid for the dance though.", "Flamingo dancing is not stripping, think of tango.", "Oh! Not much money in fanning feathers is it? Why did you change?", "I decided to take up painting. It paid more, and was so much more liberating.", "I see. I strip because my parents would not buy me a rolls royce car."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have dogs.", "I played tennis professionally so now I teach it.", "My spouse is a doctor.", "I have a large family and a large house."], "partner_persona": ["I am not married. My girlfriend has a chihuahua. We are mixed race couple.", "I work in the west virginia coal industry.", "I enjoyed playing sport when I was younger."], "current_conv": ["I just got a major client who I will be teaching how to play tennis. Hint, he is a famous celebrity", "That's awesome! Is he an actor or artist? ", "Hes and doctor turned professional tennis player. He reminds me of my spouse, as she is a doctor too and they always speak in scientific terms haha. Good guess though. I myself even player tennis professionally but I retired so now I just teach it.", "Awesome, What kind of doctor is your wife?", "My wife is a cardiologist, her pay is why we can afford such a large house haha. They are an amazing type of doctor but it is truely hard to do, hence why the paycheck is so great. She was originally a vetinerian once we got dogs but she decided to change careers pathways.", "It looks like it worked out well for y'all. What type of dogs did y'all get?", "Oh! We have a large family of dogs. WE have 2 golden retrievers, 1 great dane, and 2 little puppies that are of mixed breed. They are rare too. My 5 children love to play with them.", "Wow, how do you and your wife manage such a large family? We can barley handle our Chihuahua haha.", "Our family is nothing new to us. We were both born into large families with multiple pets, plants, and children just running around. Our brother and sisters can atest haha. How is your chihuahua doing? and have you decided to settle down with your girlfriend yet?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you this evening?", "I'm good. Hope you are having a great evening", "I am! I was just out walking my dogs.", "I am watching my girlfriends dog. A chihuahua. She's a nervous kond of animal", "So what do you do for a living?", "I work in the west virginia coal industry. What about yourself?", "I teach tennis as I've played professionally for many years.", "I enjoyed the sport when I was younger. Good to communicate with you.", "You too! My spouse is a doctor. Are you married?", "No. I've been single all my life but recently got together with a great person", "Wonderful! We have a large family and live in a large house.", "Are you all happy together and looking forward to the holidays?", "Absolutely! I wish you the best with the great person in your life.", "Thank you!! We are a mixed race couple and the best of friends."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love holidays. I like trying different coffees.", "I like reading poetry.", "I am huge fan of star wars.", "I dyed my hair like rainbow when I played college football."], "partner_persona": ["I am dreading the holidays.", "I like watching birds with my pet cats. I spend a lot of time advocating for animal rights.", "I love star wars. I dyed my hair like a rainbow for the last movie.", "I am older than your grandparents."], "current_conv": ["What do you specifically like in star wars?", "I like all the cool lights and fighting scenes.", "Those can be really amazing. Today is a great day for us star wars lovers. May the fourth be with you!", "Yes of course! It is a great day today!", "I dyed my hair half for the rebels and half for the empire today.", "That's awesome! I dyed my hair like a rainbow!", "Oh that brings me back to my football days. I had my hair dyed like that too. Its so much fun!", "I want to grow my hair out super long. Do you think it is a good idea?", "I think that would be a wonderful idea. More canvas for your next idea to dye your hair.", "You are so right! My favorite color is blue.", "Blue is a great color. Would you prefer a darker or more electric color?", "I would like a more electric color."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you today?", "I am doing good. Dreading the holidays.", "I love the holidays! Any hobbies? I like trying different coffees.", "The holidays make me fussy. I do like watching birds with my pet cats.", "That sounds fun! I also like reading poetry.", "I spend a lot of time advocating for animal rights. Good hobby for a geezer.", "Lol! I like that hobby! Do you like star wars? I'm a huge fan!", "I love star wars! I dyed my hair like a rainbow for the last movie.", "Cool! I dyed my hair like that when I played college football", "No kidding! When I was in college, helmets were still leather.", "Wow! That is crazy! When did you attend college?", "You wouldn't believe me if I told you. I am older than your grandparents.", "Well congrats to you for living a fulfilling life", "Makes my rainbow hair all the more weird, but thanks!", "No it makes you hair more fun!", "That's very nice of you to say. Where do you live?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Kim. I am a lady.", "I have a dog.", "I like to shop. My favorite are shoes. I have 237 pairs of shoes. I must have shoes and chocolate."], "partner_persona": ["I eat lot of chocolates.", "I am 5 years old. I like to talk.", "I wish to be a dog when I grow up.", "I like to play with blocks and sing the alphabet."], "current_conv": ["What are the things does your mom shop for you?", "Almost everything, i'm still very young to shop for myself", "That makes sense! I'm sure you would want to buy toys lol", "I love Lego, I love puzzles also", "What are your favorite kind of legos your mom shops for?", "Starwars, architecture, cars. What's the name of your dog?", "Star Wars is the best! His name is Rover.", "Yes it is. Nice name, what breed?", "He is a german shepherd husky mix", "I love German shepherd. I love dogs so much", "They are a great companion to have. Some dogs can even go shopping with their owners.", "Yeah, I have seen a few with the owners while shopping with mum."], "history_conv": [["Hello, kim here. Heard of any good diets lately?", "Hi! No I haven't. I eat a lot of chocolate though", "Chocolate! My downfall! I must have! Then I must starve for days", "How old are you? I am 5. Some don't understand me, but I like to talk", "Lady never tells her age, besides, I nip, tuck and tan so you cannot tell my age.", "Oh I see. Well when I grow up, I want to be a dog", "Indeed? I am grown up and I've a poodle named percy, after my personal trainer", "What does your dog do? I like to play with blocks and sing the alphabet.", "My dog loves me, as everyone does. I like to shop shop shop", "That sounds like fun. My mom shops for me all the time!", "I do too, shoes are my favorite, I've 237 pairs of shoes, so says my maid", "Oh wow. That's alot of shoes!", "I must have shoes, and chocolate and a good even tan to be happy", "That is crazy. I love chocolate so much!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have cats.", "Winter my favorite season.", ": I love to layer clothes.", "I have a lot of  farmer hats.", "I like indie music."], "partner_persona": ["I like riding hourses.", "I have a fafm field.", "I love rock music. My favorite band is ACDC. I like indie."], "current_conv": ["Have you finished your preparation for winter season?", "Oh yes, it's all set up. So how are you and your cats doing? ", "They get into everything! If I don't come home from work on time, they start knocking over things in the house. I bet you are glad your horses are outside animals...could you just imagine?! How many horses do you own?", "I have three. It's a good number in case I have friends come over and they can keep each other company. I can't imagine if they came inside, it would be a giant mess but I bet it would be cute as heck. I had cats when I was younger and it's great to have them come and sit with you. Have you ever gone riding?", "I have never gone riding before. I wouln't know the first thing about it. How long have you been riding?", "I rode off and on as a kid but didn't have my own horses til I was an adult. I went through that horse-crazy phase starting at about 10 and just never got out! Riding can seem scary because you're sitting up so tall but you get used to it really fast and it's great fun. I mostly ride through woods and fields, I'm not into jumping very much although we jump over stuff on the trails.", "that sounds so adventorous! Do you ever take your horse out hunting, or is that even a thing?", "It's a thing, you can do either a \"live hunt\" where you're actually chasing after foxes/rabbits with dogs, or you can do a hunt that uses a scent bag that's dragged along and the dogs chase that, and then you follow the dogs. I've done the scent-bag hunt a couple times but I wouldn't do the live hunt. I like foxes and rabbits too much. :) I don't think I'd hunt again though, I like riding in smaller groups and hunts are huge.", "I learn something new every day! I don't think hunting would ever be my thing unless you call hunting for a great restaurant a thing. What kind of restaurant is your fave?", "You know, I've eaten all kinds of food but if I had to pick one kind of restaurant for all my life it'd be a good old Southern meat-and-three restaurant. How about you? ", "I would choose an Asian restaurant if I had to pick just one kind. I have been wanting a bowl of Vietnamese Pho lately. I would love to travel the world just for food.", "Yes, a food trip around the world would be amazing! What's your favorite kind of Pho? I like it with the little meatballs and (sorry if this is gross) the tendon in it. And alllll the condiments/toppings!"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you this afternoon?", "I am good, I enjoy riding horse! How about you?", "No I just love watching my cats play with their yarn", "Lol, I rotate the crops in my farm fields", "Well winter is coming! Hehe my favorite season", "Why is winter your favorite?", "I love to layer clothes. I think its sheek. Plus I skiied in the olympics once", "That's pretty cool! I just farm and my father does too!", "Do you wear a farmer hat? I've hundreds!", "No, I just like to listen to music, especially rock!", "Who is your favorite artist?", "My favorite is acdc! What about you?", "I'm not really into rock. I like ; indie r b", "Oh true, I like those too but not as much"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Bach.", "I have a sister. I do not pole dance.", "I am religious. I like church.", "I have a tractor. I am a farmer. I have corn and wheat on my farm. I love horses."], "partner_persona": ["I like Bach. I like rock music.", "I am a farmer. I have three Arabian horses on my farm. I love riding horses.", "I enjoy equestrian."], "current_conv": ["My tractor broke down, do you know anyone who can repair it?", "I can help with that, though my farm is mostly for my horse i do tend to some crops", "Are you sure? I'd really appreciate it! I'll muck out your horses as a thank you", "Oh it really wouldnt be a problem. I know you love horses, how bout i let you ride one of my Arabians?", "You're way too kind but I won't say no! Arabians are so beautiful it would genuinely be my honor! ", "Ha i knew youd like it. You will like this too, i am preforming a new routine with one of them to the music of Bach!", "That sounds incredible! I can't wait to see it! Sometimes I wish I had less corn and wheat and some space of horses, but my goodness they're expensive aren't they?", "Oh man are they expensive. Though id give my last cent to them if it came down to it!", "That's the best way to be though. Nothing worse than seeing people with pets - especially as majestic as horses - that don't care for them properly", "I know it is heart breaking. Do you have any pets or farm animals on your farm?", "A few barn cats that keep the mice away, but that's all. Maybe when I'm headed towards retirement a horse or two is a good idea!", "Gotta love those barn cats. I know you wont regret getting a horse! Oh hey, hows your sister been?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you? I'm listening to bach right now!", "I like bach when I'm relaxing but when I'm working I prefer rock music.", "My sister pole dances to rock music, but not me!", "What do you like to do?", "I liked going to church and riding my tractor, the simple life!", "A tractor would help with my job tending fields. What is your job?", "Sound like we are both farmers!", "I have horses on my farm. What do you have on yours?", "Just corn and wheat. Tend them with my red tractor.", "Do you do anything for fun? I enjoy equestrian.", "Oh, I love horses, but music and church are what I do for fun.", "Sounds like you have a very good but quiet lifestyle!", "Yes, and you too, but you must work very hard, too!", "I do work hard especially taking care of my three arabian horses!", "Oh, they must be stunning!", "They are! And I love riding them!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just bought my first house.", "I am pregnant with twins. I have daughter. I love my children.", "I like jazz. I like watching movies.", "I work hard to support my children."], "partner_persona": ["I plan to buy a home next year.", "I have a girlfriend. She doesn't want to have a baby.", "I have a tight work schedule.", "I have a thing for women who eat a lot.", "I like watching movies. I like listening to music."], "current_conv": ["My daughter just made the most beautiful art project at preschool. I'm so proud of her.", "Oh how precious of her, i bet you are proud. What was her art project on?  ", "It was of our new house! We just got a dog.", "That is lovely. What type of dog breed did you get?", "A golden retriever, they are great for families, especially since I am having twins soon! ", "Oh i had a golden retriever growing up he was an amazing dog, great choice for a family. I bet your excited to adding two new additions to your family, do you know what your having yet?", "Yes! A boy and a girl. Im very excited. Has your girlfriend changed her mind about children? ", "That amazing congratulations to you and your whole family. No not yet, we are both very focused and busy with our careers right now maybe a few years down the line she will reconsider.", "What do you do for work? something in the music field? I know you said you're a big fan of music", "I actually do work in the music industry, i work for a music label and help create the backing music for the songs, its a very fun job to have. Music is my life for sure. Do you listen to anything other that jazz?", "Thats so awesome, I would love to hear sometime. I like a lot of music such as classical and even some old rock music. I couldn't imagine doing it for a career though. I am a accountant now. ", "Oh for sure i will send you a demo for one i did recently for a new artist we have just gotten. Thats cool i am in to all the genres of music but nothing beats sitting down will a glass of wine listening to a bit of classical. Yeah it defiantly no a job for everyone. I did someone course of accounting in college for extra credits it was good but musics my passion. How do you like being an accountant?"], "history_conv": [["I just purchased my first house, I'm so excited!", "Am happy for you and also have the same plans next year", "A lot of things are happening in my life, going to have twins in two months!", "Wow my girl friend is still sticky about having a baby", "I already got one little girl and the twins on their way, do you have any kids?", "Not as yet I first had a tight work schedule not allowing to have one", "Your fridge should be full if she gets pregnant, she will eat everything like me.", "I love women who eat to their fill", "Do you have any hobbies?", "My hobbies are watching movies and listening to music", "Ah great, nothing like chilling with some jazz and watching movies!", "Do you find your kids fun?", "Yeah even though sometimes they can be bothersome, I love them!", "Are you a nice parent to them?", "Yes, I am working my hardest to provide them with anything they need!", "That's the dream of every loving parent"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a lawn.", "I enjoy gambling. I am retired.", "I live in the south during the winter.", "I have rode roller coasters at Cedar Point.", "I live on the beach. I'm currently in Southern Georgia. I don't like it here."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a city. I used to live in Canada. My home is surrounded by buildings.", "I vacation is South Carolina. I don't like Florida or California."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any plans to vacation to South Carolina soon? We should meet up there sometime!", "Yeah, thinking towards the end of the year. ", "That's pretty cool. Georgia isn't very far away, and I'd love to get out of here for a little bit.", "Why don't you like it there? I heard they have cool weather over there", "Georgia is one of the least friendly gambling states, so I have to leave just to have fun.", "Oh, that's pretty understandable. Do you play poker?", "I really love black jack but also gamble on things like horses from time to time? Did Canada have a lot of gambling opportunities?", "Well I wouldn't know, I suck at gambling, so I don't bother trying", "Haha, I can understand that. The trick is to never gamble something you're not willing to use. ", "That's true, I find myself always trying t recover loses and end up losing more. I just had to stop before I get addicted", "That's the danger. I've seen a few who go too far in my time. So, how's the city life?", "Pretty much same, loud, meeting different type of people daily"], "history_conv": [["Good morning! About ready to go mow the lawn, how about you?", "It is raining here, I am just drinking coffee, what are your plans after?", "It is raining here too, so I'll hit up the casino later on.", "Do you go gambling often? I've never been", "Yeah, a lot actually. I am retired and may as well get some enjoyment.", "I have to go to the pharmacy today, I am not looking forward to the traffic", "That's why I am in the south during the winter, no snow covered roads.", "I used to live in canada, I know snow. I live in a city now", "I can see canada from the top of a roller coaster at cedar point.", "That is awesome, I've no view, just the buildings surrounding me", "My winter view is of the ocean. I live directly on the beach.", "You are so lucky, I take vacations in south carolina for that very reason", "I'm in southern ga. I do not care for fl.", "Florida is one of the last places I would ever live, california as well"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a graduate student. I study psychology and love reading new research.", "I like to kayak. I have diverse music tastes."], "partner_persona": ["I teach elementary school, like my parents did.", "I love board games.", "My favourite band is up, I've been to a concert of theirs."], "current_conv": ["Do you teach the same grade as either of your parents?", "Yes! I teach the 3rd grade, but I've been considering going to older grades. Just how diverse is your music taste? ", "I enjoy everything from classical to heavy metal! I am not familiar with up but they are probably great. have you seen them in concert?", "That is pretty diverse. I have seen them in concert, they're one of those bands that sounds just as good in person, I can't wait to go to more! I think you'd like them, considering your music taste. How is your studies going? ", "If they are performing near me, i will try to see their show! My studies are going well and I am working on my thesis. What is your favorite subject to teach? ", "What is your thesis covering? I love teaching all subjects, but I'd have to say I love teaching reading the most. ", "I am writing about non-verbal communications. Its probably something you could use with your students! Kids are great at communicating without words. I agree that reading is a great subject. I read a lot of science journals. What do you have your students read? ", "Well, besides their textbooks, I have a little reading area with nonfiction and fiction books. I let them choose, and they seem to gravitate toward fictional fairy tales and sci-fi far more than factual writings, but that's normal. What type of science journals do you read? You're very intellectually stimulating to talk to!"], "history_conv": [["Please tell me something about you", "I teach elementary school, and so did my parents. Now you?", "Hi! I'm a graduate student", "That's exciting. What did you go to school for?", "Do you have a particular specialty?", "Well, I love board games, and I would like to think I'm the best. Do you?", "I study psychology. I love reading the new research in my field", "That must be interesting. Do you have a favorite band?", "Ok, I like to kayak for fun. Musically, diverse tastes", "Nice! To me, the best band ever is up. I even went to their concert once.", "Who is your favorite band?", "I just told you, silly goose. The band up. What about you?", "They sound fun. What genre of music?", "I am not entirely sure what they would be considered as.", "So what do you do? School? Work?", "I teach elementary school. What do you do?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a parent of 2 with 2 more on the way.", "I like horses.", "I work at a bank. I  spend a lot of time inside.", "I listen to classical music for my children.", "Our family eats meat and vegetables."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have children but do have horses. My job is working on my family farm. Our farm has sheep, cows, and pigs on the way besides the horses.", "I like rock music.", "I am looking for ideas to help my horses. I feed my horses mix of grain and grass."], "current_conv": ["I found some new classical songs that you may like for your horses.", "Oh that's great thanks, who is the artist?", "The artist is Mozart. Have you heard of him?", "Oh yes, I have heard of him of course! I usually listen to more rock but I'm sure my horses would appreciate it", "Who are some of your favorite rock artists?", "Oh I like the classics but my favourite artist at the moment is Greta van Fleet", "I love Greta Van Fleet! Highway Tune is my jam.", "That's so cool, I love that one. Got any plans with the kids tonight?", "They keep me on my toes. I am doing a puzzle with them tonight.", "That sounds fun, my horses are like my children haha! What did you make for dinner?", "I made chicken and rice", "No veg? I thought that was your bag! I've been growing all sorts on the farm"], "history_conv": [["Hello there! How are you?", "I'm doing well. Do you have any hobbies?", "Well I am pretty busy with my two kids and preparing for twins in 2 months", "Wow that does sound busy, I do not have kids, but 3 horses", "Wow! Horses are great. What do you do for a living?", "My family has a farm, I work in the fields most days", "Do you like working outside? I am stuck inside working in a bank.", "That is to bad, I don't think I could work without music", "Oh yes, music is important.", "I like rock, how about you", "I like softer classical music. I play it for the babies.", "Does it help them sleep? I could try it with my horses", "Yes, I think it would work well! What do horses eat? We are an omnivore household.", "I've a special mix of grains and grasses I use", "That is great! Are there other animals on the farm?", "When have some sheep, and a few cows. We are getting some pigs in the spring"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like unhealthy foods.", "I like walks.", "I have a boyfriend that forces me to eat healthy.", "I like music. I listen to Latin music and hip hop."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a farmer that grows crops. My father is a farmer.", "I like pizza.", "I like music, especially rock music.", "I have three Arabian horses. I prefer horses to cars. I don't get sore from riding my horse."], "current_conv": ["I was about to make a burger but my boyfriend came home early from work lol.", "What did your boyfriend want you to eat today?", "Just a salad, nothing else. Though I should say ex-boyfriend, since we finally broke up. Some friends have been showing me how abusive and controlling his rules about my food habits were, and I finally ended it.", "Oh wow are you still living together with your boyfriend? I really like to eat a salad with fresh vegetables from my farm but it could be topped with a burger and it would be a burger salad.", "No, I'm moving in with some friends for the short term and I'm gonna figure something out in the future. It's for the best though, I hadn't been attracted to him for a while, and I might actually ask out a girl I like a bit more, though I'm still shell shocked from this break up. And I think eating is about balance, you can have a burger one day and a salad the next.", "It is good to wait some time before moving on even though it sounds like you already knew it was time to end it. It must be hard to have to move though. Yes food can be delicious and healthy at the same time, I really like veggie burgers.", "Veggie burgers are great! These are the kind of options I wanted to be able to eat, and now I can. Relationship control is so hard to see until you get out of the relationship. It is hard, but II have good friends who care about me. I will say that while I've always identified as bisexual, this relationship has really killed my interest in men. Maybe I'll start identifying as Lesbian going forward, because I doubt I'd date another man.", "There are so many options now with both vegan options and relationship status. You really don't have to identify as anything anymore just be you. As long as you are happy with yourself how you identify shouldn't matter. I took a seminar on equality the other day it was very interesting there were so many terms I wasn't even aware of in the LGBQT++ community", "Thank you, that really means a lot! It helps to hear that. How was the seminar? What did you learn?", "The seminar was about equality but it was put on by some members of the LGBQT community. It was very interesting learning about people's experiences. Things are changing with the new generation they no longer identify as attracted to one specific gender and in the future things will change people will like people for who they are not what they identify as. I also learned that it is easy to make people feel more comfortable buy putting unisex bathroom signs on single stall bathrooms so people don't have to decide if they are male or female."], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you?", "Hello! I'm good. I just came inside from tending to my fields.", "Nice got to keep an eye on your crops, too bad I like more burgers and fries", "Ironically, I don't like the food I plant. I prefer pizza.", "Lol well I do like walks so I'd walk the fields any day", "My father hates that I don't like the food we plant, as he's a farmer.", "Lol if it wasn't for my boyfriend who stays here I'd eat burgers everyday", "Do you like music? I love rock music and listen to it while I work!", "Yes I like latin music mostly or some hip hop", "It is funny that my arabian horses, that I've three of by the way, love it.", "Really that is awesome how long have you had them", "Three years. They're my favorite ones to ride. More fun than driving a car!", "I bet your but doesn't get sore lol", "I bought a comfortable saddle online not too long ago, but you are right.", "Nice well if you ride them alot it must be worth every penny", "I wish I could teach more people to learn to ride"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have gone three months without speaking to anyone.", "I used to have a job in Alaska. I recently quit my job. I used to work in customer service.", "I practice meditation. I moved to Alaska to pursue my spirituality."], "partner_persona": ["I have never been to Alaska.", "I often feel isolated.", "I practice meditation.", "I received a heart transplant. I have telekinesis."], "current_conv": ["I was thinking a lot about your special abilities. When did you first discover you could move things?", "I discovered telekinesis after years of hard meditation and the receiving og my heart transplant. After the life changing altercation I know I was a special person and meant to be something. I started practicing for years and years. WIth telekinesis it takes time, but it is a crazy ability to have.", "It's an awesome ability to have. With some training you could become an actual super hero that fights crime. How often do you meditate? ", "I meditate everyday and before that I have to go a few minutes without speaking to anyone. I remember yesterday you said you have not spoke with anyone in 3 months. Why is that? Does it help your meditation skills. lol and im the first person you spoke to in that three month period?", "I haven't spoke to anyone because i've been in a remote part of Alaska living in a cabin.  It has helped my meditation skills. And your the 3rd person ive spoken too. I called my Mom and Dad to give them an update. ", " WOah interesting, I have never been to Alaska in my life at all. I Often feel isolated myself and sometimes dont feel great mentally. I am glad I am the 3rd person you have spoken to. Do you have a job in alaska? Why did you quit your last one?", "Sorry to hear that, Alaska is a nice place to find yourself. I quit my last job because i got tired at working in customer service. I am going to start at an Oil Well in 3 weeks. ", "Yeah I heard Alaska pursues  a lot of sprituality. Whats that about? That is one of the most interesting places I have ever heard of for that reason alone!", "It beautiful and the climate is just relaxing duing the summer. Id reccomend it sometime. ", "How does Alaska affect sprituality? Will it increase my spirtuality if I stay there?", "I feel more at peace and i think the reason for that is because when you are there living in nature you have no worries at all. Your real world problems just seem to disappear. ", "I  might have to go to Alaska it sounds like a great place to be at. Do you suggest any certain places or spots to go there?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I would like to get to know you, do you have a moment to speak?", "I would like to chat with you.", "Thank you. You are the first person I hae spoken to in three months.", "Oh, wow. Why has it been so long?", "I quit my job in alaska and went soul searching. Have you ever been there?", "I haven't been there before. What did you used to do for work?", "I worked in customer service but never felt connected to the people I worked with.", "I understand. I often feel isolated, as well.", "You are not alone, my friend. Have you ever tried meditation?", "I've. It comes in handy when life gets... Out of control.", "True. Have you had recent experiences you'd like to share?", "I was born with a heart condition and received a transplant. It changed me.", "How is the transplant holding up?", "Fine, except... I have developed these strange abilities. I can... Move things with my mind.", "That sounds amazing. I sometimes tried to do that after meditation. Never worked.", "It can be scary. Why did you choose to find yourself in alaska?", "Something just pulled me north and it is the perfect setting to pursue my spirituality.", "I hear it is lovely there. I've to go now. Thank you for chatting!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was poor as a child. I volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "I am a retired gym teacher.", "My favorite food is cheeseburgers.", "I am a woman.", "I have a miniature pincer.", "I have one indoor cat and two outdoor cats."], "partner_persona": ["I am a teacher. I am a woman.", "I exercise. I have dogs:one is a hound, one is a pitbull."], "current_conv": ["One of my outdoor cats went missing!", "Oh no!!!   What can I do to help?  Have you put up flyers?", "Yes, some of the people at the soup kitchen and I made some flyers and posted them at several places. Oh I'm just beside myself. How are your pups? I hope they are all accounted for!", "They are - right in my sight sound asleep on the sofa.  I bet that you are besides yourself with worry.  Can I call aournd at the shelters for you?", "I've already been calling and they have her picture. Little claws has people looking out for her. I greatly appreciate your willingness to help! It sure is a comforting feeling! ", "I just know that if I was in your postion, I would want all the help I could get until my baby came home.  I feel so badlya nd can only pray she makes it home safely.  Maybe you can watch the other cat and see if it leads you on a trail to her?", "Possibly, that's a great idea! Well, besides all that excitement, how", "How am I?  Doing good, ready for the school year to be over. As a retired teacher, I am sure that you know that feeling!", "Yes, that's exactly what I was going to ask you! Sorry I hit the return button on accident! Oh Lord yes! I can totally relate! It can be a little overwhelming towards the end of the year! But the most exciting part about it getting ready for a new group of kiddos!", "I'll be excited about it after the summer break  :)  ", "I always was excited and ready to teach! You meet some interesting characters teaching...some can be a little tough to break but I've always had a way with the tough kids@", "I so enjoy seeing their faces light up when they totally get what I am teaching them"], "history_conv": [["As a child we were poor, so I spend most time volunteering at a soup kitchen.", "Did you have to do any hard chores?", "No, but I used to be a gym teacher. I am now retired. What do you do?", "I am a school teacher and I love children and my job.", "That's lovely. Do you like cheeseburgers? They're my favorite.", "Not really as a women I try to watch my diet at all times.", "I am a woman, but you know, life is short.", "True but I like to try to keep my figure down.", "As do I, which is why I exercise.", "The most exercise I do is walking my dogs", "I love dogs. What kind do you have?", "I have a hound and a pitbull. And I love them very much.", "I've a miniature pincer. He's huge. He might eat too many cheeseburgers.", "Wow you feed your dogs burgers that cant be good for them!", "I also have 3 cats. One is indoors. The other two like to stay outside.", "With to dogs I can't have any cats in the house."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Staci. I am a country singer. I can play the guitar.", "I eat healthy.", "My favorite band is Rascal Flats.", "I like visiting national parks."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Blob. I like to eat raw. I recently bought a house.", "I like the Rolling Stones.", "I am an economics major. I am thinking about going back to school for another degree. I like economics. I am interested in studying science."], "current_conv": ["I'll be singing at a music festival next week. You should come!", "That sounds cool! I may have to go, but I am a little money conscious right now because of the house...", "Oh boy, yes! You know, before you buy a house you think \"I buy the house and move in and maybe do some painting\" but I found out the hard way it's never that simple! What kind of a house did you buy?", "Yep! Well, the economy was right, so I was able to get the dream house; a mountain lodge! You'll have to see it sometime if you roll through on tour!", "Oh I'd love to! How big is it? What kind of decor are you doing? I love the mountains so I bet it's a beautiful property!", "It's a two story, but the top is like a loft. Not a huge foot print, but cozy. Still lots of decorating left to do. I'm thinking rustic.", "Probably good for a lodge. And nice solid wood furniture will last you a long time! So how is your school going?", "Just in the planning phase for now, but it would be great to learn about something I'm passionate about. Are you in school?", "No, I'm done with school. I majored in History and Anthropology because I love learning about people. Are you still thinking about trying a science?", "Yes, something in the ecology field. I think we share a love when it comes to nature and the parks!", "I think you might be right! Do you like Great Smoky Mountains National Park?", "Isn't that at least partially in Tennessee? I love the Smokies! Gatlinburg is a great place to vacation, and not too far from the Nashville music scene either."], "history_conv": [["Good morning! My name is staci. I sing country music for a living.", "Hi staci, my name is blob. I like to eat raw and recently bought a house.", "Eat raw? That's interesting. I'm a music industry kid, so I eat healthy too.", "Like raw veggies, grains, etc. I attend the rolling stones every year if possible.", "The band I like the most is rascal flats. Have you heard of them?", "Ya isn't that souther rock? My major is economics.", "Yes, we spent summers visiting national parks in the south.", "What was your favorite park?", "Ring. What will you do with a economics degree?", "Which state is that in? I attend meetings and pretend like I know a lot.", "Alabama. I started playing the guitar when I was 3. I really hope to become a singer.", "That is awesome. I'm sure you are very talented after starting that young.", "Not to pat myself on the back, but yes I am. Do you enjoy economics?", "It is ok. I have thought about going back to school for another degree.", "What would you go back to study?", "Some science, like bio medicine. Did you study music in school?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work for the USPS. I work a lot. I think my uniform looks dull.", "I have a shepherd dog named Barnaby. I like dogs. My dog and I take long walks together.", "My dog and I are both afraid of scorpions. I live in an area where there are scorpions.", "I like to attend NASCAR races. My dad was a NASCAR driver.", "My mom sold Avon. I think Avon had the prettiest grey eyeshadow. I like eyeshadow and mascara.", "I have government benefits. I think my job is stressful."], "partner_persona": ["I work for myself. My job is walking dogs. I have three dogs.", "I think scorpions are scary.", "My dad was a door-to-door salesman.", "I'm not really into makeup."], "current_conv": ["I've been doing a lot of relaxing and TV watching today since I'm off work. ", "That's great, what have you been watching", "Been watching the NASCAR races. Man do i love it.", "Sounds interesting. I haven't seen it", "I grew up in it, i think i told you my dad was a driver. Hows the dog walking going?", "Well, I can't complain about it. Some dogs are just pretty stubborn, some days I have so much fun other days stressed out.", "Yeah i guess it can be like that for anything. At least you are doing what you love though.", "Yeah, you are right.  speaking about jobs, you said the last time your job is stressful, why is it?", "Oh well with all the cuts from last year, we have to do 3 peoples work. Delivering mail has never been so hard.", "Sorry about that, I won't say I understand how you feel completely though", "Its ok its just a bit frustating, ill live heh. Oh i know we talked about being afraid of scorpions, but did i ever tell you the time my dad had to drive with one in his car!", "Yeah, I'm pretty scare of scorpions, lol. No you didn't tell me about your Dad"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Do you have to work today? I do not. The usps is closed.", "Hi. How are you? I do since I work for myself walking dogs", "I'm doing well. Barnaby, my shepherd, and I came back from a long walk.", "Oh you have a dog too. I've three.", "Only one. I work a lot. And, we have scorpions. We are both afraid of them.", "Wow that is scary. What do you like to do for fun?", "I like to attend nascar races, my daddy was a driver.", "That is cool. My dad was a door to door salesman.", "My mom sold avon. They had the pretties grey eye shadow.", "I'm not into makeup much", "I like eye shadow and mascara. I wear a dull uniform, I have to look pretty somehow.", "I understand. At least you have government benefits", "I do. Stressful job though.", "I can only imagine. Are you in a relationship at the moment?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My dad works in electronics. I love the guitar and the violin.", "I am from China. I speak Mandarin.", "I can only play ping pong.", "I love chocolate. I do not like white chocolate."], "partner_persona": ["I love sports. My parents are athletic.", "I speak another language.", "I love running in marathons.", "I eat without slurping or making a mess.", "I am a life coach."], "current_conv": ["Are you planning on running in any marathons soon?", "Yes, I'm training for one right now that I'll run on Memorial Day! I'm looking forward to it. I'll probably take off for a few months after that because of the heat.", "Oh Wow! I hope you have a great time. Is it for any particular cause?", "Yes, this one is to support homeless Veterans. I try to pick good causes when I run but I do non-charity runs too sometimes. Do they do similar marathons where you're from?", "That is an amazing cause! Yes, we have several around here each year.", "That's great! I know your sport is pingpong, but have you ever thought about trying running? It's a little hard to get started but it's fun once you're used to it.", "I'd really like to but I have some weak ankles. Any tips to get started?", "Yes, you should see a podiatrist/foot doctor before you start. They can give you insoles for your shoes that adjust the way you step to make your ankles stronger. After that, look online for something like couch to 5K. It starts you out very slowly so you don't wear yourself out too early.", "Oh ok! Thank you for the tips. I kind of thought I may need to see a doctor but to be honest I was trying to avoid it.", "I know, it's a pain to go to the doctor. I had to get insoles myself because I have a really high arch and get plantar fasciitis. Once you go though you'll scold yourself for not doing it sooner, I did!", "That gives me hope! I really think I have a case of plantar fasciitis myself. Sometimes its so hard to get up and get moving.", "Oh, especially with plantar fasciitis! the insoles will definitely help. Also you can stretch your toes back toward you for a while before you get out of bed in the morning and that helps."], "history_conv": [["Hello. Do you speak another language?", "Hi, I love sports because my parents are athletic", "My dad is works with electronics. I love the guitar and the violin", "I do speak another language and you?", "I am from china, so I speak mandarin", "Nice to know, I like to run and in marathons", "The closest that I get to athletics is ping pong", "Wow, china is a big country, in china do they eat strange food", "The food is different, but not strange. I still love chocolate though!", "I eat clean meaning I don't eat in a sloppy way or slurps", "It must be very difficult to eat noodles then", "Chocolate is expensive in china? Do they have white", "Yes, but I do not like it a lot", "Slurping isn't for chinese people, only the japanese does it", "That's not very polite to say", "I am a life coach by the way"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I go running. I'm training for my first marathon.", "My husband convinced me to run my first marathon. My husband has run three marathons this year alone.", "Sports, cooking vegetarian meals, and spending time with my husband are my hobbies. I'm a vegetarian. I eat a lot of beans for protein."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a professional wrestler.", "I've never done a marathon but I'm open to the idea.", "I help out at the homeless shelter. I find helping at the shelter to be very fulfilling. I spend most of my time with my job and helping people.", "I feel I couldn't be a vegetarian. I like beans I just can't eat many of them."], "current_conv": ["I've been making some really great vegetarian recipes lately if you'd like me to share them with you.", "That sounds great since its hard for me to think of vegetarian foods I could make. ", "Great!  I'll email them to you. Also, I think that you could double and triple the recipes to serve at the shelter.  Beans can go a long way", "Yeah it's always nice to have new recipes to serve at the shelter maybe I will suggest it next I help out.", "Doesn't hurt to make a suggestion, for sure.  I bet that you meet a ton of interesting people at the shelter and while wrestling", "Yep there is always interesting stories and you get to meet a lot of different people. How has your training been going for your first marathon? ", "Gruling for sure.  The first few miles are rough and then you get into a rythm.  But towards the end, I'm feeling it for sure!", "That sounds tough but I would be open to the idea of running a marathon especially if its for an important cause.", "The marathon I am training for is to support a local dog rescue group.  My husband has done 3 already this year, so I figured I can train and get this done!!", "That sounds like great motivation knowing that you will be helping something you care about.", "Exactly...  Helps to keep me motivated for sure!!", "I imagine your husband has been a great source of motivation too since he has done 3 marathons this year."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you this lovely evening?", "I am sweaty. I just got done working out for my job as a wrestler. You?", "I am great. I went for a run earlier. Marathon, you know?", "I've never done a marathon. I should try it. How many have you done?", "My husband just convinced me to run my first. He has run 3 this year alone.", "That's great. I help out at the homeless shelter. It is very fulfilling.", "Giving back to the community is a very selfless thing to do. Good for you!", "Thanks, I like people. I think most of them are good, so I try to help.", "That's a great attitude to have. I believe you are right. Do you have any hobbies?", "I spend most of my time with my job and helping people. Do you have any hobbies?", "Sports, cooking only vegetarian meals, though, spending time with my husband", "I couldn't do vegetarian. I need a lot of protein for my body", "I eat a lot of beans for protein.", "How do you control the gas? I do like beans, just not too many.", "After awhile, your body gets used to it.", "What is your favorite meal?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't watch many movies.", "I moved here recently. I've been here for four months. I don't know Home Depot.", "I recently started a job at the local high school.", "I have one child, but he isn't blood related to me.", "I'm younger as well, but I got married young. My child turned 12 a few weeks ago."], "partner_persona": ["I love horror movies.", "My father once worked at Home Depot.", "I work in a human service field.", "My son is a junior in high school and he is 14.", "I've been here awhile. I'm not that old. I'm married."], "current_conv": ["My job is getting busy and stressful, but I'm still enjoying it.", "What do you do at the high school. I am sure that environment is very hectic!", "I am a library aid, so I help the head librarian plan and run activities for various groups at the school along with regular library duties like checking out and shelving books. My favorite part of the job is helping the students with research; you learn so many interesting things.", "That sounds really nice. It is nice to make a difference. That's why I like human resources - to help people.", "I've always been pretty introverted, so at first having to interact with so many high-schoolers was intimidating, but now I find myself looking forward to them coming to me for help. I guess my love for helping people bloomed late; have you always been a people person?", "I think so. I used to visit my dad at Home Depot and watch him help everyone. I guess it rubbed off on me. I try to teach it to my kid.", "That's a lovely lesson to be teaching your child! For me it's been the opposite; my stepson has been guiding me towards being a more helpful person. Our bond is one I never thought I'd have, but now that he's in my life, I don't know what I'd do without him.", "That is so wonderfu. I treasure the relationship I have with my child. Although now that he is in high school I am no longer cool. ", "I'm sure once he leaves home, you'll be the first person he calls whenever he needs help or advice. I've been pleasantly surprised by how wonderful the majority of high-shcoolers are; they certainly don't deserve the bad reputation that so many teenagers are stuck with.", "They do get a bad rap at times, but it is not their fault. You cannot generalize everyone. ", "I agree! I see these young people performing kind acts every day; it's really uplifting.", "I like uplifting things. Well, except for movies. The scarier, the better, for those."], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how are you? Do you live nearby?", "Hi! I love horror movies. What about you?", "I don't watch many movies since starting my new job, what do you do?", "Cool me too. My father once worked in home depot.", "I do not know home depot, I moved here not too long ago. What are you doing?", "I'm working in human service field. What about you?", "I recently started a job with the local high school. You have any children?", "That's cool. My son is in junior high school.", "I have one child, although he isn't mine by blood. Have you been here long?", "Yes I have been here for a while. What about you?", "I've only been here four months now. How old are you?", "I'm not that old. What about you?", "I'm younger as well, but I got married young too. Are you married?", "Yes I'm. I've a child who is 14", "That's nice, my child just turned 12 a few weeks ago.", "That's really great. I hope you have a healthy future."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm looking for a job.", "I like going to the park.", "I have a smart daughter who likes ice cream.", "I collect medical stories. I used to have a medical practice."], "partner_persona": ["I have cats.", "Winter is my favourite season.", "I like vanilla ice cream.", "I collect hats.", "I like ice skating, but am not very good at it.", "My favourite movie is Blair Witch 2."], "current_conv": ["What kind of cats do you have?", "I have one Russian Blue male and the rest are all plain domestic shorthairs. One is an orange male, one is a black female, and one is an absolutely enormous 20-pound tabby male. How is your job search going? Are you looking for a medical job?", "Wow that's so many! How do they get along? My job search its going well, I got a couple of offers from doctor's offices. My wife got a job though, so our financial situation its less volatile.", "They all get along really well, they've been together since they were very young. They're all former strays. Three of them (the shorthairs) are all sixteen so it's like a kitty nursing home in here sometimes, haha. I'm glad the job search is going well, and that the financial situation is more stable. It's so stressful to be short of money! ", "Good on you for rescuing strays! Are you going to rescue more, since some are getting older? And it is such a relief. I was worried we were gonna have to explain to your daughters why her moms were so stressed, but I think she doesn't know we were broke for a bit. She is too young to have to hear about family budget issues.", "We are going to try to take some time off from cats for a bit after...well, you know. Nature takes its course. Vet bills for older cats are expensive since they need to go more often and need more testing. We're considering getting a puppy. Our two dogs now are rescues, but I had a Basset Hound that I raised from puppyhood til she died at 15, and I'm finally at the point where I can handle having another. I think it's a good idea to not let your daughter know about the money issues. Kids can really internalize stuff like that as being \"their fault\" somehow.", "Yeah I can imagine it gets hard when they get old. A puppy might be a nice change of pace! We've been thinking about getting a kitten for our daughter now that life is more balanced out.  And I agree,  kids don't need to reach adulthood too early.", "Kittens are great. I think they're actually better for kids than puppies sometimes because kittens will be more companionate and they're easier to care for - no walking!", "Oh definitely! They're also more self sufficient,  so we don't need to constantly provide a kitten with attention.", "Yes. And may I suggest, if you get two, it's not that much more expensive than one once shots are over with, and if the family is out for the day or on a weekend trip they can keep each other company.", "That sounds smart. I've heard that cats do prefer to live together as bonded pairs, so once I choose which doctor's office I'm going to join and find my salary, we may look into getting two. It is. weird being an out of work doctor, but it does mean that once I get a job back we'll have more than enough money. My wife is making enough right now as a professor, but I want us to be financially comfortable.", "What field of medicine are you in, and what does your wife teach? My husband is a librarian at a university."], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon, how are you on this monday?", "Not bad hanging out with my cats. You?", "Just trying to make it to friday and looking for a job", "Oh hopefully you find one I'm excited about winter its my fav", "It will be nice when it cools down. But I do like going to the park", "Do you like icecream? I really like vanilla", "My daughter is super smart and she likes it", "Do you collect anything? I do hats", "I collect medical stories from my old medicine practice", "Oh that is a good hobby can learn alot", "What else do you like?", "I like ice skating but I'm not very good", "You just have to keep getting up when you fall", "I try my best but its easier to learn as a kid", "What is your favorite movie?", "I really like the blair witch 2, you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love playing board games. My favourite board game is monopoly.", "I teach 3rd grade students. My parents were also teachers.", "I vacation at the beach once a year.", "I love music."], "partner_persona": ["I like board games. I like monopoly.", "My cousin teaches high school students.", "I love music. I prefer live music."], "current_conv": ["I took my class to a museum for a field trip.", "oh that's so fun! what kind of museum did you take them to?", "We went to our local children's museum. They have a lot of neat hands on activities. They have a science section and a physic section.", "That's awesome! I bet they had a blast and learned a whole bunch too! My husband and I went to our local science museum last year and really enjoyed it. So, have you planned your beach vacation for this year yet?", "They loved it! They're already asking to go back. I can't lie I can't wait to go back either. No I haven't yet.", "I would be the same way! Do you always vacation at the same beach, or go to different areas each year? My favorite beaches on on the Outer Banks in NC. Have you ever been? Some are so secluded, and you can drive a 4wheel drive vehicle on them with a pass! It's very fun!!", "The Outer Banks is my favorite place to go on vacation on the beach. I also like the florida panhandle very much.", "Right?! It's the best! I've never been to a Florida panhandle beach before. Actually the only beach I think I've ever been on in Florida was in Miami. It was beautiful though. I want to plan a trip to FL for next March. Swimming with the manatees is a dream of mine. Have you ever done that?", "No, I haven't but Ive always wanted to swim with  dolphins. I've been to Miami but not to the beach.", "I'd love to swim with dolphins too...hopefully some day I'll get to! Oh - I wanted to tell you...my last game of monopoly lasted for 3 hours!!!! It was insane. But, good news! I found a Monopoly card game that is so much fun. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys Monopoly! You can run thru an entire game in like 15 minutes, and it is just like playing actual Monopoly. Have you ever heard of such a thing?! ", "Oh my gosh that sounds fun! How do you play the card game? It sounds like it would be very fun for a group of friends or during a birthday party.", "It is very fun with a group, and even with just 2 people. It's called Monopoly Deal. The instructions are pretty simple and easy to learn quickly. I got it from Amazon for like $8. Definitely worth it! I've gotta run for now though. It was great catching up with you again, and I hope we can chat again real soon! Say hi to those 3rd graders for me! lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing?", "Hello! I'm well, and you?", "Pretty good. I love playing board games, do you?", "I do. What is your favorite?", "Definitely monopoly. I am an elementary teacher, and my kids do too.", "Monopoly is the best game, I agree. What grade are you teaching?", "I teach 3rd grade, my parents were teachers too. I got it from them.", "Teachers are wonderful. I have a cousin that teaches high school.", "That's nice. I vacation at the beach once a year to just decompress.", "Teachers are wonderful. I have a cousin that teaches high school.", "Well, tell me about yourself.", "I love music as well.", "So do I! I got to see my favorite band up in concert!", "Live music is the best."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog named Charlie.", "I have a 2015 Honda Civic. I like rap music. My dog like to go for rides in my car.", "Pizza is my favorite food. I like to eat watermelons.", "Brown is my favorite color of eyes. My eyes are hazel.", "I don't wear helmets. I wear watermelons on my head.", "I have 33 brothers. I am the only girl in my family."], "partner_persona": ["I am a part-time waitress.", "I like to ride my motorbike. I have  a shiny, striped, red and blue helmet.", "I don't like pizza. I have big, brown eyes. My skin is light.", "I like eating watermelons.", "I don't like to act unladylike."], "current_conv": ["What type of restaurant do you waitress at?", "I waitress at Jeff Ruby's Steakhouse. Wow 33 brothers that must of been insane growing up.", "I love steak! Yes, my home was always full of testosterone and stinky socks, but I love each and everyone of them dearly. Do you have any siblings?", "I have 2 brothers they may get on my nerves but i love them so much! They will always look out for me. The watermelons on your head remind me of a Marlon Webb Vine.", "It is a joke, well, sort of about the watermelons on my head. I ate watermelon one 4th of July and after drinking too much beer, I put an empty rind on my head and walked around for a few hours looking like an idiot. I did make many people laugh that day so it was worth it. Who or what is Marlon Webb Vine?", "Vine is a social media platform between 2014 and 2016 Marlon Webb is a influencer on the app ", "Oh! Thanks for letting me know. I will check out the app. I need to start wearing a helmet and I was wondering where you bought your shiny red and blue one?", "The app doesn't exist anymore unfortunately but TikTok is an alternative today. I got mine off Amazon.", "I will check out Amazon for the helmet and I really like TikTok. It is a fun way to spend a bit of time. I work 2 jobs so my free time is limited!", "Tiktok is great but it takes up so much of my time. Who's your favorite Rap artist."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Good. Just got done with my part time waitressing gig. You?", "Just playing with my pet dog, his name is charlie", "Does he like to play outside? I like to ride my motorbike everywhere.", "He like to ride in my 2015 honda civic while we jam to rap music", "Do you like to race? I have a shiny striped red and blue helmet for safety.", "No, but do you like pizza? It is my favourite food to eat everday", "No, but I like to look at food with my big brown eyes and light skin.", "Ooh, brown eyes are my favourite color of eyes. I have hazle eyes", "I bet your eyes would match my bike helmet.", "Ha, I bet they would, I do not wear helmets I wear watermelons on my head instead", "I like to eat watermelons.", "Me too, I spit the seeds out at my brothers", "Spitting isn t lady like. I don t do that.", "Well I grew up with 33 brothers and had to fit in, only girl you know", "Do any of your brothers race? I could live on my motorbike."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a brother and sisters. I love dog memes.", "I don't like anchovies."], "partner_persona": ["I like dog memes.", "I prefer pizza to tacos. I think anchovies are yummy.", "I'm a professional wrestler."], "current_conv": ["My brother came over the other day. He's considering getting a dog. He got inspired by all the dog memes I've been sharing with him.", "We've finally won him over to the dog side.", "I read the task instructions, i'm ready for the chat", "What are you talking about?", "Well, i said my brother is planning to get a dog.", "Yeah you mentioned. Any idea what breed he plans on getting?", "Might get a Shiba. Cuz all i shared with him are DOGE memes", "Cool. Do share pictures when he get the dog", "Will do. Maybe i'll create meme templates from our dog next time. So, You still haven't told me the craziest pro wrestling moment yet!", "there are lots of moments to share, I'll tell you all when we see", "Okay. You have any idea on adopting any dogs?", "It's a pretty simple process, just visit an animal shelter"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you doing", "Great! Just cannot sleep. Why are you up so late?", "Just surfing the web looking at dog videos lol", "Dog videos are fun, cats too. I like the dog memes.", "My brother and I love those too! My sisters love the cat ones", "Ah, dogs for boys cats for girls, huh?", "Lol seems that way... About to raid my fridge.... Tacos or pizza?", "Why pizza of course. Well depends on what toppings.", "Black olives and mushrooms.... Think I'll go tacos lol", "Yeah there are no anchovies! Anchovy makes me a cat person I guess.", "Bravo to you... Pretty sure I've never tried anchovies... Yuck", "They are yummy salty little fish. You should try them.", "Maybe I will try some day... Just not today", "Well that's a good plan. Variety is the spice of life.", "If you say so, what is the craziest thing you have ever done?", "I'm a pro wrestler so there have been a lot of things."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Paula. I am 19 years old. I am from Australia.  I live with my parents.", "I am unemployed."], "partner_persona": ["I am 34 years old. I am from Alaska.", "I am unemployed. I practice Buddhism. I like to meditate."], "current_conv": ["Meditation looks like it has a lot of benefits.  I might look into starting it.", "Yes, it's very calming. Being able to center yourself every so often is good for your mind. How are your law studies going?", "I'll definitely try it then. They're going well, being pre-law is hard, but my girlfriend and I study together which makes everything easier. Are you in a relationship?", "Not right now. I left a long-term relationship a year ago. No fighting or anything, we just grew apart. I'm kind of enjoying being single and just having friends I hang out with. Sometimes relationships seem like too much drama.", "Yeah that's understandable, though I love being in a relationship. Growing up I went to a religious private school, and being gay was very hard there, so I love that I can be out and in a relationship in college.", "Oh my gosh, yes, I'm sure it must have been rough. I'm so glad you have a place you can blossom now! Have you two ever traveled out of Australia together?", "No, but we plan to take a trip during the upcoming winter break, which I guess is summertime for you Americans. My parents are actually helping cover the costs, which is nice. They've changed so much and even left the church since I was in High School. I'm so grateful they chose to love their daughter, me, over an imaginary man in the sky, and I think paying for this trip is their way to apologize for the years of not being great parents.", "It's so good to hear that! Parents can sometimes lose sight of what really matters in their anxiety for their child to turn out whatever they consider \"well\". Where will you travel? If you come to the US I can really recommend the Southeast. I'm considering moving there at some point. It's a bit cold up here!", "Thanks! Also isn't the entire country basically the southeast for you lol? I bet anywhere is warmer than Alaska. We're actually going to London!  I love Britain, and. my girlfriend adores theatre, so we thought why not go see shows on the West End and hang out in the UK.", "Haha yes! I think even though I was born here I'm just not an Alaska girl. I'll bet you'll really enjoy London and the West End. One day I'll visit the UK. I'd love to see Scotland myself.", "Where would you move specifically though? I can see not wanting to stay where you grew up. And I'll let you know how the trip goes, and if I have any recommendations of must do stuff.", "I've visited Charleston and Savannah, and I really liked Savannah. The weather is *definitely* a change from here though, summers are quite hot and sticky. I love that the city has a lot of historical buildings, restaurants, etc and I love Low Country food. I'd love to hear your recommendations! How long will you stay there"], "history_conv": [["Hello! I am paula!", "Hello paula. Nice to meet you", "I am 19. How old are you?", "I am 34. Where do you live? I am from alaska", "Australia. Wish I was your age. Need to move out from my parents home", "What line of work are you in?", "Not working yet. Just having fun with friends! Hehe. You?", "I actually quit working to focus on buddhism", "Oh! Interesting! I guess you do not do drugs.. I do not!", "No I do not. My body is a temple. I meditate often", "Nice! Wish my parents did! They are always controlling me. Need meditation", "Your parents want what is best for you. Are you in college?", "Yes, I'm studying law at the moment", "Excellent choice! That will provide great opportunities"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like cooking shows. I like eating. I like hummus. I am vegan.", "I like extreme or adventurous activities.", "I am afraid of water. I am not good at swimming.", "I am a bartender.", "I speak Spanish."], "partner_persona": ["I play guitar and violin.", "I like chocolate bars.", "I hate roller coasters.", "I am an electrician. My dad is an electrician.", "I am learning to speak Chinese. I would love to visit China."], "current_conv": ["Something happened at the bar yesterday I think you would find interesting. ", "Oh yeah? Do tell! Something interesting always happens to you!", "A guy walks in. He was only speaking Spanish and didn't know I could understand him. Turns out he's a huge movie star in Spain. I got a picture and an autograph. ", "Oh wow that is so cool and exciting! What did he order?", "Just a beer! Sometimes we think these guys are so different but they are just like us... wanted a cool beer to relax. Have you ever met someone who was famous with your work as an electrician? ", "I haven't met anyone famous per se.. but I have met a lot of interesting people! For example I met an elderly man who worked on the apollo 11 mission! I got to see all his memorabilia. It was fascinating.  ", "Wow, that is so interesting. I think I would like that better than a movie star. He must have had some good stories.", "Yeah it is such a unique experience! I feel lucky that I got to work on his house! I would like to get him a beer!  When are you working next? I wanna stop by.", "I have a while. I am going on an adventure trip first. I can't wait.", "You are such an adrenaline junkie! Where are you off to this time?", "I am going to hike some mountains. They are really tall.", "Oh cool! Anything in particular you are excited to see while hiking? Like animals or sites?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you doing?", "Doing good. Just strumming my guitar. How about you?", "I am fine, I was watching a cooking show, I like those", "Do you like cooking or baking? Or both?", "Neither, I just like to eat. For example I like hummus", "My go to snack is chocolate bars", "Me too! I am vegan but still love chocolate", "What other hobbies do you have? I play violin and guitar", "I like extreme sensations, like sky diving and rollercoasters", "Yikes I hate roller coasters. They are so scary.", "I am afraid of water, I am not good at swimming", "What do you do for work? I am an electrician just like my dad.", "I like electricity and electronics. I'm a bartender", "Do you speak any languages? I'm teaching myself chinese", "I speak spanish too. Chinese is way too complicated for me", "Yeah it is hard to learn but I would love to visit china one day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in my parent's house.", "I work at Burger King.", "I like taking pictures."], "partner_persona": ["I like photography.", "I live in my parent's house. I am moving. I have a boyfriend.", "I speak English, French, and Spanish. I teach languages. I am an elementary school teacher.", "I have a studio in my new apartment."], "current_conv": ["How did the move to your new apartment go?", "It went as good as it could go.", "Moving is never easy, I completely understand that now. Since we last spoke, I too moved out of my parents' house and into my own apartment. It's just a little place, but I love that it's my own! Is your boyfriend living with you now?", "That's awesome that you were able to move out of your parent's house. It's such a good feeling to get out on your own. He's not living with me yet, he still has his own place. We will probably end up living together at some point.", "Very cool. I'm really enjoying living alone, but that's not to say I wouldn't mind getting a boyfriend at some point in the future. I was promoted to the District Manager at Burger King, so I'm moving up in the world! How are the kids you're teaching this year? I want to learn a new language...just not sure which one. lol", "Grats on the promotion at work. Are you still at the Burger King downtown or did they move you? This school year has been pretty good. I seem to have lots of eager learners this time, which I always appreciate. I think you should pick a language that you like or one that you might be able to use?", "I'm at the headquarters in the city now. Got my own company vehicle and an office with windows that overlook the river! That's great that your kids are eager to learn. That must make teaching them SO much easier! I'm thinking about Spanish...I could definitely use that while communicating with employees in the locations I manage. Is it a difficult language to learn? Do you think those audio-type lessons are any good?", "Wow, it sounds like you are doing really well! As far as learning a language goes, the most effective way to do is to immerse yourself into the language. The best way is to spend some time in the country where the language is spoken. Don't be afraid to test out your skills with the locals.", "Oh how amazing would a trip to Mexico or even Spain be!? I could go for that! Maybe we should plan one for the summer when you're off work! Then you could coach me with speaking to the locals in Spanish! Sounds like a good plan, right?", "That sounds like a lot of fun. It would be my pleasure to coach you on speaking with the locals. I think Spain would be a better choice. It's lovely there.", "Great thanks! I'll start researching the trip and email you the ideas I come up with! I've gotta run for now. But it was great catching up with you and I look forward to chatting again real soon!", "Yes, so much fun talking with you again! Have a great day!!!"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you tonight?", "I'm very good, just practicing taking pictures. How are you?", "Good but will be better when I move out of my parents house!", "Oh definitely! I am moving next week into a new apartment with my boyfriend", "Cool! I will not be able to afford an apartment with my burger king job. Advice?", "Learn a language, I speak english, french, and spanish. You can tutor or teach like I do", "That's a good idea! Then I can hang out with my friends more", "It is a rewarding job, I teach at an elementary school and that's even more rewarding", "Yeah seems like it. I just want to have fun though now", "I understand that, I spend a lot of my free time practicing photography", "I love taking pictures. I do that a lot but I am nowhere near a professional", "I am not either but I'll have my own studio in my new apartment", "Good luck with everything you are doing!", "Thank you very much! I appreciate that!", "No problem. Maybe one day you can teach me something!", "I'd be honored to teach you, maybe that second language!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a stunt double.", "I have a single parent.", "I dont have a pet. I like to read.", "I eat kosher meals.", "I like soccer. I've been playing soccer for 10 years."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a small farming community in Indiana.", "I have a German shepherd. I like coloring books.", "I like hockey.", "I like to play blackjack."], "current_conv": ["I also enjoy blackjack. I like playing with the professional set ", "Ah, you must play better than I then! No way I could play with the pro set. What's your favorite kosher meal? ", "It's an awesome game. We should play sometime, I could give you some tips.", "That would be great, I hear there's actually quite a bit of money to be made at it. I don't know if I could gamble for \"real\" money though, it's a bit unnerving! ", "Yeah if you know the right people and communities then big money can change hands. Do you have a farm out in Indiana or are you just apart of the community?", "I have a small farm. It's more like a house on a piece of land, I don't grow crops except for a vegetable garden. I have a few horses and some dogs (my German Shepherd and a Basset puppy I just got a bit ago). It's a nice community to live in even if I have to drive a while for \"city stuff\" like shopping and restaurants.", "Is there a card/gambling community there too is it is mainly just farming? Who do you normally play cards with?", "There's not really a card or gaming community. Mainly just farming but a few friends and I get together and play sometimes. It's really just goofing off, we play for chips with no money behind it. So what kind of books have you read lately? I've started reading and I've found some non-fiction books I like."], "history_conv": [["I am a stunt double. Do you do anything interesting?", "No, I live in a small farming community in indiana. It is pretty boring.", "It was boring for me too growing up with a single parent", "Being a single parent is hard work. Did you have any pets to keep you company?", "No pets, its so lonely I read over twenty books a year", "I've a german shepherd. The only books I've are coloring books, which I love.", "I like coloring books. I do them while I eat my kosher meals", "Very nice. Do you like sports? I like to watch the nhl hockey league.", "I like to play soccer.", "How long have you been playing?", "10 years. Luckily I've not broken a single bone in my entire body yet.", "That is pretty amazing, very lucky.", "Do you have any other interests?", "I like to play blackjack. You?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just got some shoes.", "I like to drive fast cars.", "My parents do not encourage me."], "partner_persona": ["I like running.", "I just got a new job.", "I am from Miami. I like to eat clean.", "I like to eat salad and meat. My parents were athletic."], "current_conv": ["Have you started the new job?", "Yeah I have, I've just started as a car valet at one of the top Casio's in town.", "That is exciting!  I bet you get to drive some pretty awesome cars!  What is your favorite one so far?", "On my first night I had a few Bentleys and some other cars such as Ferrari's. It was cool yet quite nerve wracking at the same time. Don't want to damage anything.", "Do you have to pay if you do damage or do they keep insurance for you?  I would be terrified!  I'd also be tempted to take it around the block and see how fast I could get those sports cars going!", "The valet company have their own insurance that covers us staff but it would still be bad news if were were to damage anything. I definitely won't be taking any cars around the block as tempting as it would be, the tips are to good to be doing that.", "Yeah I don't think I'd want to do that and risk losing my job!  I'm sure the people that drive cars like that tip excellent!   Have you gone on any good runs lately?", "Yeah it only takes one person to have a successful night in the casino to normally land you a nice tip at the end of their night when you hand them their car back. I've not been on many runs lately as I'm arriving back from my job quite early in the morning so that's affected my sleep pattern lately. How are your new shoes? Are they super comfy after wearing them for a few days?", "Yeah, I'm finally getting past that breaking in period where you just have to push through them being uncomfortable.  Hopefully you can get back on a good sleep schedule and get some running in soon!  I'm sure you miss it!", "That's good, always nice when shoes eventually feel like a good pair of slippers. I'll definitely get back on it once my body adjusts to it's new body-clock. I was so close to a new personal best too, and it just makes me feel great.", "Do you ever run any marathons?  I don't know how people can do that!  I wish I had that kind of stamina!  I always tell people, if you see me running, you should run too, because something is chasing us!"], "history_conv": [["Hello friend, how are you today", "Fine thank you lovely night where having.", "I got some rain today, just come home from buying shoe", "Do you like jogging. I love running.", "I not much of a jogging prefer driving fast car", "Sounds really dangerous. Is it safe to do that.", "Yeah as long as you have the right car like a rolls royce", "Wow cool! I got a new job just yesterday.", "Where are you from friend?", "Miami! I also like to eat clean", "Yeah clean eating is important for ones health", "I know I really like the idea of eating healthy.", "Whats your favorite food to eat healthy", "Salad and meat. Both of my parents were pretty athletic.", "Kool, my parents are ok, just need to encourage me in what I do", "So what kind of thing do they not encourage you in?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to dance with my wife.", "I like country music.", "I am old. I work out every day. I like to go for walks.", "All my kids are over 18. I like to drink wine and relax with my wife."], "partner_persona": ["I go to concerts. I perform at concerts. I like to relax.", "I grew up in the music industry.", "My favorite song is You Will Never Leave Harlan Alive.", "I walk two miles with my daughter every morning and evening. I have four children.", "I make my own apple wine."], "current_conv": ["I got Darrell Scott's latest album yesterday. What do you think of his Hank Williams covers?", "Oh my god I love them! I never thought you could do better than Hank Williams but I think I was wrong! Did you have a nice dance to the music with your wife? ", "Yes and we enjoyed some wine with it as well.  How is your latest batch of apple wine coming along?", "Great, sounds like a lovely evening :) It's coming along really well actually, next time you're over you can take a few bottles - it's quite strong though so be careful! Did you manage to get to the gym this morning? ", "Yes I did, still haven't gotten my walk in for the day.  How was your walk this morning???????????????????", "You should walk to the gym, then it would be 2 birds with one stone! It was great, really nice to see my daughter looking so well - she's not got long left before she has the baby :) When was the last time you saw your kids? ", "Sorry for all the extra question marks, my keyboard got stuck.  My kids were home at Christmas and I probably won't see them until then.  Does your daughter know what she is having?", "Haha that's ok, not like we have to worry about the amount of characters like the old days! Do you not miss your kids? I wouldn't be able to only see them once a year - it would break my heart! She's having triplets, but we don't know the gender of any of them yet :) want it to be a surprise! Do you have any grandchildren?", "Yes i have two grandchildren, two boys.  It is hard only seeing them once a year, we are thinking of moving closer to them once I retire.  Triplets is exciting, I'm sure she is glad that you will be close to help.", "Oh that will be nice, you will be roped into babysitting duties all of the time though! It's so exciting - weirdly there must be a gene in the family as her mum is one of triplets, and her mum before that was aswell!! ", "I have heard that multiples runs in the family.  I can't wait to babysit!", "I suppose now you're older you're not out all evening anymore anyway, so would be nice to have the children for company :) "], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing today?", "I am good, thanks. Just tired from the concert earlier. You?", "Who did you see and I just relaxing", "I actually was performing. And, relaxation is always good.", "Wish was there to see you like to dance with the wife", "It was an experience growing up in the industry. Do you like country music?", "Country music is nice what your favorite song", "You will never leave harlan alive", "I'm old and workout every day I sure I'll be okay", "Lol. I hope that you will be ok.", "Be okay I do not see why everyone want to watch tv just go for a walk", "I walk two miles with my daughter every morning and evening.", "How many kids you have and that's good", "I have four kiddos. You?", "Me and wife just like to drink wine relax all kids over 18", "That's great. I just opened up a jug of my homemade apple wine last night."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a student. I am taking an economics class.", "I am married. I don't mind school.", "I just bought a house. I need to buy land. We have beef and pig on my farm."], "partner_persona": ["I am a student. I enjoy school. I want to go to law school. I am engaged.", "We built a home on my family's farm. My family has over 5000 acres. The farm has been in the family for generations. We have been on the farm for 200 years.", "We have a food plot. We have cattle, sheep and pigs."], "current_conv": ["We had an exam in my economics class and I scored the highest grade of the class.", "Oh wow! How hard did you study for it?", "Yes, I spent hours at it. Evert minute I wasn't doing farm chores, I was studying. ", "I am glad your hard work paid off! What are you going to do to celebrate?", "I think we will go out to eat. I want to have a big special meal. Did you have an engagement party when you got engaged?", "Yeah! We rented a cabin out on a lake and had all our close friends come party! It was a lot of fun! What about you?", "We didn't have one, but we did have a big wedding. It was at the farm. We set up a big tent. Are you getting married at the farm?", "We are! We will be the fifth family member to be married on the family farm. I feel so lucky!", "That is so sweet. There is nothing like getting married outside under the blue skies and the sun. Will you be having a big wedding?", "Massive! We both have huge families and a ton of friends to invite! It is going to be a huge affair!", "Wow. That is what is good about the farm. It can be as big as you want it as long asy ou get a big tent. Do you serve the food from the farm? That is what we did.", "Yeah we will probably have a BBQ style buffet using our own stock. It's crazy how much work goes into planning a wedding! No wonder there is such a huge industry behind it."], "history_conv": [["Hey there. Just got back from my economics class. How are ya", "Hello, I am doing alright. Getting ready to head to class myself.", "Do you enjoy school? I don't mind it. I'm married. You", "I do, I'm hoping to go to law school. Not married, engaged.", "Marriage is fun.. We just bought our first house.", "We built a house on my family horse farm. We have over 5000 acres.", "I am jealous! Haha! I need to buy some land", "This has been in my family for generations.", "Keep it in your family, that's nice for future generations", "It truly is. We have been here for 200 years.", "So awesome. Lots of room for gardening", "We have a food plot, mainly cattle and sheep", "We have beef and pig on our farm", "Those are good too, we have a few pigs.", "Keeps for a busy life does not it?", "It sure does, and that's perfectly fine by me."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a lonely little girl.", "I live up high in the clouds.", "My favorite thing to do is making time stop. I have super powers.", "I don't shop much.", "I love living in the clouds."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite watch is the Rolex. My favorite thing is to go shopping for watches and shoes. I work for a watch dealer.", "I am a girl. I like shopping.", "My family doesn't want me to work for a watch dealer.", "My dream car is the rolls royce ghost car."], "current_conv": ["Have you been shopping lately?", "I went shopping last week. ", "What did you purchase? ", "I bought a new watch. Have you been shopping lately? ", "Yeah i went to the grocery store and bought some groceries. What watch did you buy?", "I bought a new Fossil watch. I like going to the grocery store, do you shop at Kroger?", "Yeah Kroger is my favorite place to go. I know where everything is and they have everything i enjoy for a good price. What watch dealer do you work at?", "I work for an independent store, we sell most of the name brands, Josh's, have you heard of it?", "I have not. But i do have a question for you. I am looking for a watch that is nice but something casual that goes with everything. What brand would you recommend? ", "I love Fossil watches, they are timeless. They look great with jeans and a tee-shirt or dressed up for the office. ", "What color strap and face would be great for casual wear?", "I prefer the silver watches. I just think they are so versatile. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am a lonely little girl.", "Hi, how are you today? Do you like to go shopping?", "Good, I would love to shop but I live up high in the clouds.", "My favorite watch is the rolex? What is yours?", "Making time stop is my favorite thing to do.", "My favorite thing is to go shopping for watches and shoes", "I'm lonely and have super powers", "I'm sorry. I guess it is good that I work for a watch dealer", "That does not help me though, I'm just a girl", "I'm a girl too. But shopping is fun.", "Lonely little girls don't shop much, super powers are more fun", "I am sad too. My family doesn't want me to work for a watch dealer", "The cloud is a good place to live instead, I love it.", "Are there rolls royce ghost cars there. That's my dream car"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to try different coffees. I read poetry. I watch Star Wars. I have not seen Frozen.", "I love Mickey Mouse. I have been to Disney World once and loved it.", "The Redskins and the Packers are my favorite football teams. I played football in college."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Sophie.", "I love the movie Frozen. I like to sing along with movies.", "I just started 3rd Grade. I write poetry. I write about Mickey Mouse. I go to Disney World every year with my family.", "My Favorite football team is the Steelers."], "current_conv": ["OK, I finally got around to streaming Frozen. You're right, it's great!", "I told you. What was your favourite scene?", "I liked the scene where Olaf was singing about being a snowman and when its spring he'll turn into a puddle. ", "LOL. That is a great scene. I love how he just doesn't know what summer is. He's such a funny character. There is Frozen 2 now. That's good aswell.", "I watched Frozen 2 shortly after it was a great movie. What is your favorite attraction at Disney World?", "I'll be honest, I like walking around and seeing the characters and just generally being in the place. My family loves it and I love the family vibe there.", "I have been there a few times I enjoy the Star Wars park. I even built my own lightsaber there. Why is the Steelers your favorite team?", "That's easy. It's the team my dad always followed so that's my team now too. It's funny how that happens but to be expected I suppose. Do you follow football?", "I do follow Football, The Houston Texans are my favorite team. ", "Cool. Do you watch all their games?", "Not always because im typically busy but when i do i usually host a cookout at my house.", "I love family gatherings and love to spend time seeing my friends, especially in summer."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today?", "Hi! My name is sophie. I'm doing well. How are you?", "Very well thank you. Do you have any hobbies?", "I love watching the movie frozen and singing along!", "I try different coffees, read poetry and watch star wars. I have not seen frozen.", "I just started the third grade and love to write poetry! I write about mickey mouse.", "That sounds like fun! I love mickey mouse! He's pretty cool.", "My family and I go to disney world every year! Have you ever been?", "I have been once and stayed the week. It was awesome. I want to go again.", "I can not wait to go again!", "I know I can not either. Do you like football?", "Yes! My favorite team is the steelers. What is yours?", "Redskins and packers. I played college.", "Cool! I've never met anyone who played beyond high school.", "It was pretty fun. I liked it.", "Where did you go to college?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a sister.", "I am athletic and enjoy art.", "I'm overweight.", "I have two cats."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy traveling.", "I go to college and am majoring in Art. I enjoy painting still lifes. I love food.", "I am of Italian heritage.", "I like to collect things like shoes and lingerie.", "I am a dog person, especially big dogs."], "current_conv": ["Are you able to have dogs at your college? ", "No, I do not have enough money to be able to commit to owning a dog... but I do foster dogs from time to time! ", "Oh cool! Are you able to find the time to paint and foster dogs at the same time?", "Yes they are often my subjects! How are your kitties doing? ", "They're brilliant thanks, they're really growing recently, one became one year old a short time ago! So cute seeing them grow up", "Aww! Did you have a cat birthday party? ", "Haha yes I did actually. I got some nice biscuits for her and made a cake... she had some of the cream from the middle!", "That sounds too cute! I have seen \"wine for cats\" before and I have always wanted to share it with some cats at a party. ", "Damn I should have got some! I've seen it before and it seems like a gimmick but a fun one.", "Yeah I feel like whenever I buy cute gifts for my friend's cats they never end up liking them! \\", "Haha I know the feeling. You can buy as many toys as you want but the cat will always prefer a cardboard box!", "Too true! Next cat birthday party I am invited to I am just going to bring a bunch of empty boxes!"], "history_conv": [["Hi how you doing tonight buddy I'm good.", "Hello. I'm on vacation in europe, doing very well tonight.", "Europe must be very beautiful my sister went there.", "It is. I visit twice yearly. I am working on my art degree.", "I love art I once one a trophy doing a olympic sport.", "I love food, lol. I'm doing a still life of fish and chips.", "Me too I'm kind of on the heavy side I eat to much.", "I love paella, I eat it way too often to be healthy.", "The best time for eating is the winter.", "I think the best time is anytime, lol", "I eat plenty of vanilla ice cream good for the summer.", "I eat ice cream sandwiches, like my great great whatever chris columbus.", "I have many old but need new hats need over 1000.", "I collect shoes and lingerie, so I feel your pain.", "I like animals I have two cats how about you?", "I love dogs. Big dogs."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like horror movies. I prefer horror movies to comedies.", "I used to do social work. I don't work anymore.", "I have a boyfriend.I like sitting around at home. I have a child."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer comedies over horror movies.", "I enjoy living alone. I am retired. I have a cat.", "I have had cancer.", "I like sitting around at home."], "current_conv": ["The horror movie was great and I'd like to tell you about it.", "Go ahead! Im curious to hear about this movie.", "It was about a Nun, it is part of the Conjuring series I think. There were quite a few jump scares in it.", "I've heard about that movie. I personally wouldn't watch it since i live alone. But who do you watch these movies with?", "I sometimes watch them with my boyfriend but he doesn't like them much. I just have to wait for my kid to go to sleep first LOL.", "How old is your kid? ", "He is three, going on 13", "Is he 3 or 13? i am a little confused here.", "That basically means he is three with the attitude of a 13 year old, that is quite a popular saying.", "Gotcha, i have never heard that saying but i bet a lot of parents say that. How long have you been dating your boyfriend? ", "LOL, that's OK. Yeah it's basically a reflection of how fast they seem to grow up these day! We have been together for a few ears now. He is OK but not really an active person. I think he needs more hobbies! ", "Haha what type of hobbies do you think he may be interested in? "], "history_conv": [["Hi there! How are you doing?", "Hello I'm doing pretty good and yourself", "Real good! I sure hope there is a good horror movie on tonight!", "I rather watch a comedy then a horror movie", "Oh, not me! The boy and I are planning on watching together.", "Oh really nice, I live alone I rather sew some curtains lol", "Do you enjoy living alone? Or do you get lonely?", "I do enjoy it a lot, I'm retired and I have a cat", "Oh, wonderful! I used to do social work, but now I stay home.", "Oh okay that really good, I figured I beat cancer being alone is not that bad", "Boy, that is a real achievement!", "Yeah I feel pretty good about that. I am living the good life now", "Good! My old man wanted me to get into hardware. He worked at home depot.", "I like sitting around home and enjoying myself, I think its time to get a smartphone", "I like sitting around, too. Put my time in! Just gotta get junior through school.", "That is pretty awesome, my cat"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy death metal music.", "I volunteer at the local pool.", "I am from India.", "I am learning programming language C.", "I view myself as free-spirited.", "I have a traditional mother with whom I have some conflict."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy eclectic music.", "I help rescue bunnies. I love bunnies. I donate to a bunny charity.", "I tried to learn C a long time ago, but could not understand it."], "current_conv": ["Rescue any bunnies lately? Can I see some pictures?", "Yes there was lovely fluffy white one with a dark brown stripe that came in the other day. Sorry I don't have any pictures did you know bunny's don't like to be photographed? I wish we could set up a webcam and watch them all day.", "I had no idea bunnies didn't like to be photographer.  Why don't they like to have their pictures taken?", "I don't know why they don't like to scientifically but they can't seem to sit still. I don't think they like the camera lights. I don't really like to get my picture taken so I can relate. Are there bunnies in India?", "I live in the city, so I don't see much in the way of wildlife around here.  You can see a few at the zoo or a pet store.", "Oh yes we have special places for bunnies here they are not in the streets. There are squirrels everywhere outside though. Do people in the city have house pets there?", "Yes, small house pets are popular.  Many people care for hamsters, reptiles and amphibians.  People generally have pets in an aquarium or terrarium.  When you say you like eclectic music what does that mean?", "Oh my brother just gifted me an air plant with a terrarium it is much easier to take care of than a reptile I only have to feed it water once a week. I like music that is different by ivarious artists. I am sure I would like death metal who do you recommend I should listen to?.", "I enjoy a band called Type-o-negative.  Their music can be both very fast, and slow and calm.  For a death metal band they have a lot of versatility.  ", "I will listen and see if I like it. Are you still learning programming C or have you started on something else?", "I have started on something else.  I have been getting into video editing lately.  How about you, are you still trying to learn C?", "No I never liked C gave up learning long ago. Video editing sounds interesting though do you like it?"], "history_conv": [["Hello I hope you sunday is great, what is you favorite kind of music", "Hey there. Been a relaxed sunday. Yours? Music eclectic.", "My sunday has been exciting! I enjoy death metal", "Death metal. Cool. I spent the morning volunteering.", "I volunteer too, at the local pool to be a swim coach", "That is great! We both volunteer! Mine is rescuing bunnies.", "There are a lot of bunnies in india, that is where I'm from", "That is my idea of heaven. I love bunnies! I donate to a bunny charity too.", "Wow that's exciting good for you. I'm learning about computers, programming", "What programming language are you learning?", "I'm trying out c it is very basic but helpful", "That's cool. I tried c a long time ago, but couldn't understand it.", "I find myself to be free spirited which helps", "A free spirited death metal loving aspiring programmer!", "Very different than my mother who is traditional, we clash a lot", "I'm sorry. Hope things calm down between you."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 100 years old.", "I love to dance.", "I did not have television when I was a kid.", "I drink wine.", "I am religious."], "partner_persona": ["I used to know Judy Garland's dentist.", "My favorite foods are hamburgers and French fries.", "I like walking. My house is close to a river and a park.", "My hobby is drinking rum. I don't drink rum with soda anymore.", "I do not have children. I sell electronics on the internet."], "current_conv": ["I attended a dance at my church and I have to tell you about it.", "Sure. What happened during your dance at church? ", "Hello good evening. How are you doing today?", "I am doing well today. Currently I am eating hamburgers and French friends for lunch today. Did you go to church recently? ", "Oh nice... how's the hamburger and French fries treating your taste buds? Yeah I was in church this past weekend and have a meeting coming up soon ", "Its great. Usually I go get hamburgers and French fries from McDonalds. But soda has always given me problems.", "McDonalds is famous for their menu. Must be fun living close to a river and a park, which do you spend more time at?", "Its pretty great! The park is my preferred place to take walks at night. Its calm and peaceful during that time. You mentioned you like wine last time we talked. Do you have a favorite brand? I am looking for suggestions. ", "I can imagine the peaceful park at night. White wines are my favorite, clear sparkling white wines. So about not having kids... is that intentional?", "It is. It was a tough decision but my significant other and I decided not to move forward with children and it will most likely stay that way. We are happy for now but anything can happen. Without having television as a kid, what did you do in your spare time. Was your parents the one to make that choice for you? ", "Alright now I see why your don't have kids. My days were fun... when kids played outdoors all day and had to be literally dragged back into the house in the evenings. Haha, was really fun for us then. So how's your electronic business sales going online? Better than brick and mortar sore sales?", "Excatly. Way better than brick and mortal store sales. Selling things online are more my style and I have time to do other things. One thing I miss is the customer interaction part. I thoroughly enjoyed interacting with people and seeing people face to face. Since you loved to dance do you perform a particular style? "], "history_conv": [["Hi I just finished my 100th birthday. I could live forever!", "That's great! I used to know someone who was 106. She had been judy garlands dentist", "That is awesome. Going strong, even at 100.", "Hamburgers and french fries will not help me to live that long, but they are my fav foods", "Yum! I love to dance. Its best in the moonlight with a glass of wine.", "I like walking. My house is close to a river and park so I walk there", "Fun. Wow, the years have flown. Television didn't exist when I was a kid.", "I knew a hundred year old who remembered wwi", "Yeah. Those were worrisome days. Do you have hobbies?", "I like drinking rum but not with soda anymore.", "Yeah. I will stick to wine. Forever young, baby!", "Wine must be the secret to a long life then", "That, a forever love, and faith.", "Yes the 106 year old I knew had all those things. So I guess that works", "Enough about me. Tell me more about you.", "I do not have any children and I sell electronics on the internet"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play softball. I live in an area about to be hit by a hurricane.", "My father was in the army. My mother died when I was eight.", "I am currently between jobs.", "I live in a region where soda is called \"pop.\".", "My favorite soda is Cheer Wine."], "partner_persona": ["I used to live with my mom. My mother died when I was in my 20s.", "I have a boyfriend. I have a sister.", "I can't drink soda. I like french fries and hamburgers."], "current_conv": ["Have you had any good burgers this week?", "Yes, just today I picked up one from a local place.", "Nice! I had a pretty great hamburger the other day with an orange pop. What was on your burger?", "It was just their basic burger with cheese, onions, tomatoes, pickles, and their special spicy mayo sauce.", "Sounds delicious! I should get a job at a hamburger shop. I could get a discount on their food. Think it would pay enough?", "I'm not sure. This discount would need to be pretty big to make it worth your while.", "Yeah you're probably right. So how is your boyfriend doing?", "Fine, he got a burger today too. A fancy one with a fried egg on it.", "Oh I love fried eggs on burgers. They add a creaminess and richness to the burger. High in cholesterol though. What else have you been up to?", "I went shopping today. Picked up some burgers and buns for a cookout on Thursday.", "That sounds like fun! I have a softball game coming up that I'm pretty excited about.", "What position do you play? Will there be burgers afterwards?"], "history_conv": [["Hello. My softball game was canceled due to the hurricane.", "Oh how are you doing? I'm sorry to hear that.", "Doing great. Daddy was in the army, he taught me things.", "I once lived in my moms house.", "Mine passed when I was eight.", "I'm so sorry mines too in my twenties.", "Thank you. It is a hard thing to go through.", "Yes I am with my boyfriend now try not to think about it.", "I try to work and stay busy, I am in between jobs right now.", "Yes I know it is hard I cannot drink soda.", "We call it pop here. A kid moved here from vegas, he calls it soda.", "Yes my sister calls it pop too.", "My favorite is cheer wine.", "I eat to much french fries and hamburgers plenty food."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was in the military.", "I don't drink coffee. I don't drink alcohol. My favorite color is navy blue.", "I haven't tried mountain biking, but I would like to. I volunteer at a local bunny rescue.", "I like donating to charity."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Taylor. My father was a construction worker. My dad was not in the military.", "I hate alcohol.  I love coffee.", "I love blue. I hate the color pink. I like mountain biking.", "I consider myself to be a bland person.", "I went mountain biking yesterday at Mt. Ember."], "current_conv": ["I am considering renting a mountain bike to try it out!", "That sounds fantastic! Were you planning to do so this weekend?", "At one of the county parks nearby.", "That should be fun. Have you volunteered at the bunny rescue recently?", "It's been a few weeks. But I'll go this weekend after I go biking.", "How is volunteering at the bunny rescue? I have never done that but would like to. Bunnies seem very sweet and pleasant to be with.", "I love it, but we get overwhelmed at times.", "I can imagine. Would you recommend that others volunteer or donate there? It seems like it would frequently be busy.", "People's time is the biggest thing we need.", "That makes sense. What kinds of activities do you guys do there?", "We evaluate the bunnies to see how healthy they are. And then try to place them.", "That is awesome. I hope to be able to foster or adopt a bunny one day and am trying to learn more about them. I know to feed them carrots and make them comfortable beds, but not much more than that."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Who am I speaking with today?", "Hi, my name is taylor. You might know my dad, he was a construction worker.", "I may very well. What he in the military? I was.", "No, do you like coffee? Because I love it!", "No. I don't drink coffee.", "What? Well how about alcohol, I hate alcohol and the color pink", "I don't drink alcohol. My favorite color is blue. Navy blue.", "I love blue too, I also enjoy mountain biking. Have you ever tried it?", "No, but would love to. I volunteer at a local bunny rescue.", "Cool, anything else interesting about you?", "I enjoy donating to charity. What about you?", "No, I am a pretty bland person", "Not if you like mountain biking! That is cool.", "Yeah I guess, I actually went mountain biking yesterday at mt. Ember"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have an older sister who is single.", "My sister and I play basketball. I like playing basketball.", "I am 71.", "I only eat salmon while I am playing basketball.", "I don't eat aquarium fish.", "My favorite color is white."], "partner_persona": ["I just broke up with my boyfriend.", "I love going hiking in the mornings.", "I am 18.", "I like Travis Scott.", "I keep fish as pets in a huge aquarium.", "My favorite color is orange."], "current_conv": ["Where do you like to go hiking?", "I like to go around the lake at one of our local parks.", "Sounds nice! Do you like to listen to Travis Scott while you hike? ", "Not really. I'd rather listen to the sounds of nature.", "Yeah I prefer that too when i play basketball with my sister. We went today to the courts and played 2 games. I won both times! Did you see any fish in the lake? ", "Yes, I usually see the Koi fish during my hike.", "oh Koi fish are so pretty. I love seeing those! How are things with your ex-boyfriend? has he reached out to you? ", "No, and if he did I would tell him to take a hike.", "haha, things ended pretty badly then huh? ", "Yes, I was totally blindsided.", "its ok, you're so young. You'll bounce back in no time. there are so many fish in the sea!", "And so many Koi in the lake."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you? My mom is a dentist.", "Whats up? I am okay, broke up with my boyfriend recently", "Sorry to hear. My older sister is available.", "Does she like to go hiking in the mornings? I love that!", "She does and we play basketball because I like to.", "Awesome! How old? I just turned 18.", "I am 71 and my mom is a dentist.", "Wow your mom does not want to retire?", "No she's 103 and still practicing. Do you like travis scott?", "That is impressive. And yes I do! Do you like fish?", "I usually only eat salmon while I am playing basketball. You?", "No not to eat. I have a huge aquarium and have them as pets.", "Oh, ya I don't like to eat aquarium fish. Someone I know though eats guppies.", "Wow! That is terrible. What is your favorite color?", "Mine is currently white, you?", "Orange is mine. Why white?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am on top of a skyscraper. I am afraid of heights. I am visiting the city.", "I want to be able to speak Spanish.", "I volunteer at a food bank.", "I love all types of parties."], "partner_persona": ["I am at ground level. I hate heights.", "I am taking a Spanish class. I love studying languages. I am planning to study French.", "I love the word trabajo."], "current_conv": ["How is your Spanish class going?", "So far so good I have now been learning for about 6 months. Do you take any Spanish classes? ", "Not yet. I want to soon so I can speak Spanish fluently. Are there any other languages you plan on studying?", "Yeah you should defiantly look into taking some classes, it's is interesting learning a new language. Once I have mastered Spanish I am planning on learning french next. ", "That's awesome! Maybe I'll start to learn after I return home. I'm visiting the city at the moment. Have you ever been to the city?", "That's awesome let me know how it goes. That's amazing I love visiting different cities. I was actually raised in New York but now I live in England. Which city are you visiting? ", "How funny. I'm visiting New York right now. I'm actually on top of a skyscraper, which is kind of scary cause I hate heights. How are you with heights?", "Oh nice what is your favourite part of New York so far? Yes I am also really scared of heights so I never went up one of the skyscraper before just really enjoyed the views. ", "I can relate to that fear. Honestly, as much as I like the city, my favorite part of New York has to be the parties. I love all parties, but the ones here are amazing!", "Yes New York defiantly has an amazing party scene. But I honestly prefer the parties in Miami Beach, they are a blast. ", "You probably have an easier time in Miami since you know a bit of Spanish. Any words you like to use more than others?", "Yes that is true so once you have learned some you can party with me in Miami. My favourite word is actually trabajo. Do you have a favourite word?"], "history_conv": [["Hi good afternoon. It is so high up here.", "So high up where? I am at ground level", "I am on top of a skyscraper. I think I will take the elevator down. So afraid.", "What are you doing up there? I hate heights", "Visiting the city and someone recommended it.", "Well sounds exciting! I am trying to study.. For my spanish class", "That is exciting. I wish I can speak spanish. Many hispanic folks at the food bank.", "I am studying french next! I love languages", "Cool you can become a diplomat. I just help out at the food bank.", "I love the word trabajo... Just rolls off the tongue", "Haha trabajo is good but party is cool. Love parties.", "What kind? Holiday parties? Work parties?", "Anything goes. Music, people, dance", "Yes that's always a good time. Do u work?", "No I volunteer at the food bank.", "Okay, very rewarding I'm sure"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jenny.  My favorite color is yellow.  I love garlic bread and gymnastics.", "I am Italian.  I am really good at gymnastics.", "I love Italian food. I like plantains."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Lee.  I am retired.", "I like to grill.", "I don't like cold weather.  I like to gamble.", "I like Italian food.  My favorite food is lasagna.", "I don't know what plantains are."], "current_conv": ["I won a gymnastics meet yesterday.", "Wow congrats! I probably should have bet my money on you, I would have made some cash. What did you do to celebrate?", "Thank you! I'm not sure that there are bookies who take bets on amateur women's gymnastics, but if you can find one, bet on me for sure! I went out with my gymnastics team to this classy, quaint Italian restaurant in our town.", "That sounds delicious. I am not sure there is either, but I would for sure put money on you! How often do you practice your gymnastics?", "I take it very seriously. We practice every day from Monday through Friday from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. after we get out of high school.", "Wow, you are really committed. Do you ever get tired of it? That is a lot of hard work required for all that!", "It is tough between going to school and practicing every day, but I love it! I know you feel the same way about grilling and chilling during the summer, right?", "Absolutely. I eat, sleep, and breathe hanging out at the grill. Since I don't work anymore, I even grill sometimes in the winter, even though I do not enjoy it! But my love of grilling outweighs my hatred of the cold!", "I love it. You have dedication to your \"sport\". What have you been grilling up lately? Since you like Italian, you should fire up some spicy Italian sausage to make with your lasagna!", "Oh most definitely. I could go for that any day. Would your family like to join my wife and I for a grill out and some lasagna? Any special requests for sides?", "Sure! When can I come over? I'd love it if you served that up with some buttery, savory garlic bread.", "Well, whenever you aren't doing gymnastics I suppose. I am always home, but my wife works 11-6 Monday through Friday so come through any time on Saturday or Sunday!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I love gymnastics, the color yellow and garlic bread. Jenny is my name.", "Hello jenny! My name is lee and I am retired.", "You workout? I do. I've a gold medal and I'm italian.", "No I don't, but I like to grill. A gold medal! Fantastic!", "Thanks! You military lee? I do gymnastics four hours a day.", "No. I go south in the winter and I do like to gamble.", "Great! I've on a yellow leotard and love anything italian to eat.", "I like italian. My fave is lasagna.", "You like carrot noodles in your lasagna?", "I've not tried that but it sounds good.", "Good! I make my lasagna with plantains. You should try it lee.", "Is plantain a kind of banana?", "Sort of but not really. It looks like a banana but the taste is like a potato.", "That sounds like it would be good."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a country guy. I want to move to the city.", "I was born and raised on a farm with horses. My family has experience in the horse business.", "I am in college. I study law."], "partner_persona": ["I have a husband. We live in the country.", "I live with a german shepherd.", "I like nhl. I like coloring books."], "current_conv": ["How long have you had your german shepherd for?", "i have had him ever since he was a puppy, so 5 years.", "I would love to get one for the farm, they are such pretty dogs and smart too! Do you think they would be good around my horses?", "I think if you train one right, they would totally get along. (you have train them so they don't herd them.) How many horse do you have?", "Right now I have 25, but we are fixing to sell some colts after we do some basic training. We have to get them used to saddles and people riding them. So after that we will still have about 15.", "Do you have good home for all the ones you are going to sell?", "Oh yes. We only sell to people that we know. I live in a small town so I know everyone basically. We also train horses that people can't break them self. Do you like horses?", "No. I prefer my Shepard, Max. He is my buddy, he follows me everywhere; even to hockey games.", "Wow that's really cool. I think I might look for a German Shepard, I would love to have the company out here. Do you think I should get a male or female, or would it not matter?"], "history_conv": [["Hello I am a country guy who wants to move to the city", "Hi country guy, my husband and I live in the country too", "Born and raised on a farm with horses", "Cool. No horses here, just a german shepherd", "My family has generations of experience in the horse business", "Ok. Do you have any hobbies?", "I am busy in college studying law", "That's quite to hobby. I like nhl and those adult coloring books.", "Adult coloring books are all the rage", "They sure are. I even have one with horses.", "Well I might have to check that one out.", "Sure. I can not really say the same about law school", "I hope it pays off in the long run", "Me too. I'll be nice to know an attorney."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My parents are teachers. I love board games.", "I go to the beach during vacations.", "I love concerts.", "There's a k9 unit in my area.", "I love to teach."], "partner_persona": ["My biggest fear is scorpions.", "I work for the us postal service.", "My dad used to drive a nascar race car.", "I have a german shepard."], "current_conv": ["I was walking around after our conversation and I saw nascar race car! It reminded me of what you said.", "What did you think of the race?", "I never realized how exciting they are to watch, and the wrecks are crazy! Who's your favorite driver?", "Hailie Degan is my favorite driver, she just is so cool and badass. where did you go for a walk?", "I just walk up my subdivision to the gas station, buy a drink and walk back home. I try to walk everyday but sometimes I'm just to busy or the weather is bad. Did you have a good day at work?", "Yea, so many people bought stamps, and one couple got their passports done.", "That's cool, I didn't know you could get your passport at the post office. I need to get one soon for my next vacation. ", "where are you going on your vacation? ", "I'm thinking Bahama, they claim they have the most beautiful beaches. But I would also love to go to the Galapagos Islands, but that's pretty expensive. Have you ever been to a beach?", "No, someone once told there are scorpions on the beach. And I'm just so afraid of scorpions.", "I have been to many beaches all over the US and I have never seen a scorpion. You should go, I think you would really enjoy it. Maybe we can plan a trip and I can show you my favorite beaches!", "That dose sound fun. As long as they are dog friendly. I take my German Shepard with me where ever I go. "], "history_conv": [["My parents are teachers and together we love board games", "My biggest fear is being attacked by scorpions", "We go to the beach together during our vacations", "I work for the government, the u s postal service to be exact", "They're horrible, are they insects or animals?", "I believe they're insects, ny daddy use to drive a nascar race car", "Wow, you sounded like the secret service. I love concerts.", "My dog which is a german shepard, is a retired cop", "You have a great father, my is just a teacher", "His name is barnaby, he's 13 years old", "We have a k 9 unit in our area", "Teaching is a great profession, you should be proud", "The older they're the smarter they get.", "I think you may be right about that, he is very smart", "Thanks for your encouragement, I love to teach.", "Without teachers this world would be stupid"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a professional tennis player.", "I'm married to a doctor.", "I have a dog.", "I own a large house and we are rather rich.", "I have three kids and currently pregnant with a fourth."], "partner_persona": ["I love to cook and watch others cook. I'm a vegan.", "I'm single.", "I love adrenaline based activities like skydiving and riding rollercoasters.", "I rent an apartment and am not rich.", "I don't have any pets."], "current_conv": ["Does your apartment building not allow dogs? ", "I think I've seen neighbors walking their dogs so I think it's allowed. But I'm worried about the costs involved with having a pet. What do you think?", "Well I'll say if you get a pet you love(not necessarily a dog), you wouldn't mind going all out in taking care of it. Adrenaline based activities can be scary at times, Lol", "It's scary the first few times but I've grown to love it. Have you gone skydiving before?", "Skydiving? Hell no! Lol... The thought of it scares the living hell out of me. So which part of rollercoaster ride interests you most?", "Oh, it's gotta be the big drops. The part where you go up is quite scary because, believe it or not, I'm a bit scared of heights. But I love the adrenaline rush going down!", "Hahaha... that's quite interesting to know. I do cook for my family occasionally, what do you cook more frequently?", "I cook a lot of stews, soups, and chicken. How about you?", "Mine is mainly mashed potatoes and salmon. Are you in any way interested in sports? Because I'm really good at tennis!", "I actually play a bit of tennis casually. Of course, I know you are a professional, so I'm not sure I can keep up with you!", "Haha, no harm in getting beat once in a while you know. Lol. Have you been vegan all your life or did it start at a stage in your life?", "I made it a point to eat less meat about 2 years ago, and I naturally transitioned to eating a fully vegan diet 100% of the time. Are you interested in being vegetarian or vegan?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "I am doing great on this crisp fall night", "Do you like sports? I love tennis and play it for a living.", "Sports are ok but I love cooking shows and cooking", "My husband is a doctor so I cook meals and freeze them to have on hand.", "That is a great idea I am single so I only make enough for one", "Well enjoy being single, we are growing our family so free time is short.", "But it is tough cause I am vegan and my friends are not", "Bummer, I take my dog for long walks to de stress, how about you?", "I like to go skydiving or ride a rollercoaster", "When its raining or too cold we walk the stairs in our home, three stories!", "Wow first floor apt for me so no stairs", "With a big family we need the room, plus the dog.", "How many children do u have", "Three and one on the way. The dog is like a child too.", "I love dogs want a husky but cant have one yet"]]}
