{"your_persona": ["I own a Jeep.", "I enjoy exercising at the gym.", "I have a marketing job.", "I don't eat meat.", "I am from New England.", "I like warm pants in winter.", "I lift weights at the gym."], "partner_persona": ["I don't own a car. I enjoy running and walking. I live in a small town. I live semi-close towkr.", "I'm a computer programmer.", "I like grilling steak.", "I am from Alaska. I like wearing warm pants.", "I go on runs. I may join the gym. I might get a treadmill. There is a new gym near me. There are no running clubs near me. I go to the gym.", "It rains a lot where I live.", "I'm a pretty plain person."], "current_conv": ["Any luck with the search for a new gym?", "Yes, I am joining the one near me. It is open 24 hours so I can go whenever I want. Have you kept up with going to the gym?", "Oh nice! Is it new or just been hiding under the radar? I just did an arm day at the gym yesterday!", "This is a new gym, I am looking forward to getting into shape. Do you have a workout partner or do you workout by yourself?", "I am sure you don't have a long way to go with all that running you do. I work out alone. I like the solitude at the gym. There are other people but I can zone out and it is just me and my weights.", "I am the same way, I prefer to workout alone. So how is your job going?", "Eh. It is fine. Nothing all that interesting, but it pays the bills. What about you? Enjoying the programming life?", "I still like what I do but I am getting tired of sitting in front of the computer all day, especially with the beautiful summer weather.", "Sounds like you have a good mix between work and being outdoors, but I guess the rain gets in the way? When do you think you will sign up at the new gym? Maybe that will help you feel better.", "I am signing up later today. I am able to get outdoors after work but it would be nice to spend daytime hours outside. Do you spend much time outdoors?", "Have you asked if they can make your schedule more flexible? ", "No, we are an 8-5 organization so I need to be available throughout the day."], "history_conv": [["What kind of car do you own? I have a jeep.", "I don't own my own car! I actually really enjoying walking and running, but then again, I live in a small town and semi-close to work.", "Ah I see! I like going to the gym to work out.", "I'm a computer programmer. What do you do for work.", "I work in marketing. Do you have any hobbies?", "I love to grill! I love meat, especially steak.", "Oh neat! I don't eat meat but I do like some grilled veggies.", "My family is from alaska. Where are you from?", "I'm from new england. It must be cold up there.", "It's so cold! I think thats why I love wearing warm pants!", "Haha I feel you. I love wearin warm pants in the winter.", "Do you play any sports?"], ["Did you manage to go out on a run today?", "Yes I actually was able too. I am considering joining the local gym. Do you prefer going to the gym?", "I do actually.  I like the controlled environment. I don't want to have to depend on the weather consider where I live.", "Thats why i am thinking about it. I hate to have to run when its raining, and I feel like it rains here all the time.", "A lot of gyms have tracks so that you can run indoors.  Hey, have you thought about maybe buying a treadmill and using that at home?", "I am defiantly considering getting one. Im just trying to figure out what i would do more. Go to the gym and actually do more than just running, or sticking to what i know and getting a treadmill.", "Oh, that's true. I hadn't thought about all of that.  You're right. With a gym there is a whole lot of options for what you can do.  Do you have some good gyms near you?", "They have just built one in the small town really close to me and it looks pretty decent. Before that it was like an hour drive.", "With you not owning a car going to any others would probably be difficult.  Well, do you have any good parks and running trails nearby?", "Yeah exactly. There is a super nice little running trail that is pretty decent.", "Hey, do you run with anyone?  I mean, have you joined a club or will you if you haven't?", "There is any around here maybe i could start one. Thank you for that idea."], ["Did you check out that new gym in town?", "Yeah, I did. I'm not sure I like the vibe there, though.", "What was wrong with it?", "The folks there seemed to care more about how they looked than working out. It was a little too trendy for me. I'm pretty plain.", "Ah, got it. Well, maybe one of the older gyms will work out better for you - or I guess you could get that treadmill you were talking about before. Are you leaning one way or the other yet?", "I'm leaning towards the treadmill. I think it will work better for my lifestyle. I just don't know which type to get. There are so many choices out there. Do you use a treadmill at your gym? Do you have a suggestion for a home one?", "I usually just lift weights there to be honest. But I think I've heard good things about the NordicTrack?", "Yeah, I've heard good things about that, too. I like the idea of a multi-exercise piece of equipment. As long as the weather isn't too bad, then I prefer to go for a run. But since it rains quite a bit here, I like the idea of an inside option. How is the weather in New England?", "Oh, it can pretty foggy and rainy here too I'm afraid. But as I'm sure you've heard, it's really beautiful in the fall! Are there four distinct seasons where you are, too?", "Yes, I've heard about the fall colors. I may get there one day. Yes, we have seasons, rain, lighter rain, summer, and more rain! Ha!", "Haha! I lived overseas in the tropics once. Sounds just like it!", "The tropics sound great. It's not as warm as the tropics, but I like it. I'm from Alaska, so I'm pretty weather-tough."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play in band. I play trumpet. I'm in high school.", "I live in Oklahoma City.", "I have never been to a concert, aside from ones where I played with the school band. My parents are controlling.  I am busy with school. I try to excel in both music and academics.  I see music and academics as complementary.", "I like the band Magic Sword. I would like to go to a Magic Sword concert. I am nervous to attend my first concert. I would like someone I know to go to my first concert with me.", "I try to avoid crowded areas. I get nervous around large crowds.", "I am in the high school band. I am shy. I have a Magic Sword shirt."], "partner_persona": ["I drove 1000 miles to see a band. Roxy music is my favorite band. I like Chet Baker. The band I saw at the concert was one that my brothers took me to see perform when I was a child.", "I just moved to Charlotte, NC.", "I had dreams of a life involving music when I was in high school. I wish I had worked more on my music when I was in high school.  I am content with my life now.", "I'm from farmer stock. I am a farmer.  My parents were also farmers.  My farm is in Charlotte. I grow corn, potatoes, squash and tomatoes on my farm.", "I think facing your fears is a good way to deal with anxiety."], "current_conv": ["I know you grow many crops on your farm, but do you have a lot of animals as well on the farm?", "Yes, I have a few animals, but I mostly focus on vegetables. I would like to start selling eggs from my chickens. ", "How many chickens do you have?", "Right now I have 12 chickens, but I was thinking of getting some more. Do you think people will pay a little extra if they can get farm fresh eggs?", "I know I would.  I really don't like what I've heard about big egg companies.", "Yes, that is true. I would pay a little extra for farm fresh eggs. My parents were farmers and they were the ones that recommended I start selling eggs. ", "It sound like it would be a good thing to do.", "Do you have any plans to go to any Magic Sword concerts this year? I could take a trip down to go with you. ", "I found someone in the band who would like to go with me.  We have tickets for a concert next month.", "Oh great! I bet you're excited to finally attend your first concert. Don't be nervous, I think you'll have a great time. ", "I am still a bit nervous, but at least I won't be all alone.", "Yes, I would agree that its best to go to your first concert with someone. I think that it will make the experience more enjoyable for you. "], "history_conv": [["Hello there!", "Hi! How are you doing?", "Well, thank you. How are you?", "Fab, thanks! I'm here to see my fave band play. I drove 1,000 miles for it!", "Wow, so cool. What's your favorite band?", "Roxy music. My 2 older brothers took me to see them when I was a kid.", "That's so cool! I actually play band in school.", "Did you? What do you do now? I'm from farmer stock, meself.", "I play for my high school, so it's nothing too cool. Haha!", "No, it's totally cool. What instrument?", "I play the trumpet. I really enjoy it. It makes time go by in school faster.", "Oh, yeah, and there's so many great trumpet players. Check out chet baker.", "I have never heard of them, I will have to check them out. Thanks!", "How long have you lived here? I just moved -- to charlotte, nc.", "My whole life. Oklahoma city, oklahoma!", "Nice talking to you! Great place! Have a great day!!"], ["How was the concert you witnessed?", "They were amazing, well worth the drive. They even had a great and talented trumpet player.", "Oh, cool.  Was that the first time you saw them play since your brothers took you to see them as a kid?", "Yes, it has definitely been a long time. Have you got to see any bands recently, or are you just focused on your own?", "I've actually never been to any sort of concert other than ones where I've played with the school band, if you consider that a real concert.  My parents keep me on a pretty tight leash, and school keeps me very busy anyway.", "I am sorry to hear that. Would you say your main focus is on music or with academics?", "I try to excel in both.  I find them sort of complementary, to be honest.  I work on music for a while and that makes it easier to go back to academics, and vice versa.  It mixes things up.", "That is amazing that you are able to do that so successfully. I wish I could've done that back when I was in high school, and maybe I would have pursued my dreams of music. However, I am content with my life now.", "What do you do for a living?  Are you a farmer like your forebears?", "Yes I am. I followed in my parent's foot steps. On this new farm in Charlotte, there is enough space to accompany all of my family.", "That's fantastic  What all do you grow?", "A lot of different things, including corn, potatoes, squash, and tomatoes."], ["I am considering buying tickets to go to a concert.  I thought about how I had never been to one, and it felt kind of sad.  There is a band called \"Magic Sword\" that I listen to frequently and that will be performing near me soon, and I think I want to go.", "I think it's great that you are going to a concert for the first time.  I'm sure you will have a great time, and you should definitely go!", "I'm still thinking about it, i don't know why I am so nervous to go to a concert. It shouldn't be that big of a deal", "Are you always nervous in crowds? or do you think it's something else?", "It might actually be the crowds. I try to avoid too crowded areas and concerts seems to be people packed like sardines", "Well, maybe a concert might be the best way to get over that. After all, you know that everyone there is there for the same reason as you, and are all excited about the same thing as you.  If you think about it that way, the crowd may seem smaller.", "Thats true, it might be even better if I have someone I know with go with me. I need to look for someone", "Maybe you can ask someone in the H.S. band to go with you?", "That's not a bad idea, I'm kind of shy though so maybe I'll wear one of my magic sword t shirts and see if anyone asks me about it", "That's a good idea too! The at least you know if they ask, they probably have an interest in the concert! I think that's a fine plan.", "Thanks, I think I'm going to this concert!", "Good for you!  Concerts are a lot of fun.  And I think it will be a great way to get over your anxiety.  Maybe even get closer to someone in the process!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to paint. I paint people playing music.", "I hate my boss.", "I want to paint General Forrest. I do not paint a lot of Civil War scenes. I can not paint animals. I painted a picture of my neighbor's wife.", "I use oil when painting portraits."], "partner_persona": ["I like horses.", "I love fruit.", "My ancestor was a Civil War General: General Nathan Bedford Forrest. My cousin was named after my ancestor.", "I am not a good painter.", "I planted an orange tree on my neighbors property.  I tried to grow an orange tree. I want to plant another one.", "I have a great grandmother."], "current_conv": ["Did you speak to your grandmother to see if you could find a picture?", "Yes, but she said all of her old tin-types were lost.", "Thats disappointing that she could not find them. How is the orange tree going? ", "My neighbor replanted on the other side of his yard. He said he didn't want me to have any oranges from it.", "Oh, thats not very nice of him. Why don't you try to grow another one of your property?", "Because I don't have room for it on my property.  My neighbor has a big yard. I thougt he'd be more reasonable.", "Oh I see. I would imagine that is difficult. When hopefully when you move to a new place at some point, you can grown your own. For now, just stick to oranges from the farmer's market!", "That's too far to go for oranges.  It would be much easier to get them off my own tree.  ", "Well, since you do not have any room on your property, what other options do you have to get oranges?", "I'll work something out with my neighbor yet.  I was only going to charge him half price for the oranges, and was going to let him use the shade for free!  Not sure how he could turn that down.", "Well, I wish you the best of luck with your neighbor. I am sure that you will be able to have some type of compromise with him.", "I hope so! I like oranges!  Hmmm.  I bet I could find a picture of General Forrest on google images."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "Great, yourself?", "Good, do you like to paint? I do!", "I'm not much of a painter, I prefer horses. What do you paint?", "People playing music since I like to do that as well!", "My ancestor had a song written about him. He was an american civil war general.", "Wow that is really interesting.", "Do you like fruit? I love to eat fruit.", "I do like fruit! It's not expensive and it helps me to live within a budget.", "Budgets are important! Especially when dealing with such large animals as horses.", "Oh I'm sure. I love animals, like people!", "I like people, unlike my father. He rarely smiles which makes socializing difficult.", "Sounds like my boss. I wish I didn't have one.", "Oh, what do you do? Bosses can be tough to deal with."], ["So which civil war general was your ancestor, anyway?", "General Nathan Bedford Forrest. My cousin was named after him.", "Really, that is amazing...I was actually thinking of painting General Forrest as my next project.", "That's quite a coincidence!  Do you paint a lot of civil war scenes?", "No, but I was looking for subjects in a book and came across him as someone who had a song written about him so thought the linkage to music and people was there.  Also, his old photos have amazing facial lines.", "Yes, they do. Did you know he was in the cavalry? that's one of the reasons I like horses. You should paint him on his horse!", "Great idea, but for some reason, I can't paint animals.  Tried to do a cat once and ended up looking like a emaciated fox!", "That's a shame. I tried to paint fruit once and it looked like a cat!", "I'll stick to painting people and you stick to eating fruit!  Have you been able to grown any fruit trees?", "I tried to grown an orange tree, but somebody cut it down. I probably shouldn't have planted it on my neighbor's property.", "Yeah, that makes sense.  My neighbor got upset when I painted a picture of his wife so I get it.", "Yeah, better play it safe and keep painting music instruments."], ["I have decided how I'm going to do my painting of General Forrest. I'm going to paint him playing the trumpet.", "I'm sure that will look awesome! Are you painting in watercolor?", "no, I am going to use oil. Oil always look best for a portrait", "Wow, I heard oil is a hard medium to work with; you must have a lot of experience. Is there a specific photo or image that you'll be using for source material? I think my great grandmother has some memoribilia in her house, but not much. I wish we had more images of him.", "you know what I was thinking that since you are related to him, I imaging you resemble  him so I was thinking if you could take a picture of you pretending to play a trumpet.", "I think I have a similar nose and maybe there's a little resemblence in the eyes, but I unfortunately did not get lucky enough to inherit those cheekbones.", "that is okay. I just need a point of reference of someone playing a trumpet and I can incorporate you and the General together", "Sounds good! I'll check with my cousin to see if he can send a picture too; that way you have a few points of reference. Will you set the painting indoors or outdoors?", "I was thinking indoors that way I can control the lighting plus I like a library type room with him in it", "I think a formal portrait like that would be gorgeous; I am really looking forward to seeing how it turns out!", "You will be the first one to see it when I finish it. Oh by the way, how is your orange tree coming along.", "My neighbor cut it down; I was so sad, but I learned my lesson about property lines. I'll probably buy another little seedling and try again when the weather warms up a bit."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the outdoors. I want to buy a camper for my family. I like running, camping, hiking. I have a dog.", "I like blonde roast coffee. I like Starbucks. I bring my coffee pot when I go camping. I like drinking coffee at sunrise.", "I am in my 40s. I would like to go glamping to better protect my back.  I sleep on the  ground.", "I am currently running to keep in shape.", "I have a friend with a camper for sale.", "I want to learn Yoga. I run everyday.", "I own a dog."], "partner_persona": ["I like watching movies.", "I love the caramel macchiatto from Starbucks.", "I have kids and we go camping together. Me and my family like going out in nature. I like watching the sunrise with a cup of coffee. I like to hike with my children while camping.", "I watch movies outside with popcorn with my camper.", "I love to go running.", "I am a single parent.", "I own a small TV.", "I want to start running.", "I have visited many National Parks."], "current_conv": ["My neighbor got back to me about the camper", "Oh nice, what did they say? ", "They said that it needs a service but I can buy it offer then for 5 grand. Not sure if it is work it. Need to speak to my family. Thoughts?", "I have never owned or bought a camper before, but I think 5 grand is a decent price. You can start off with this one and upgrade to a better one the next time.", "Yes that is what I was thinking. Given my back pains, I think this will allow us to continue camping but enjoy something a little more comfortable than the ground. Do you have any other recommendation for dealing with back pain while camping?", "My husband used to very bad back pain when we go camping. I was fine with sleeping on a yoga pad in our tent but he was not. So we bought a high quality air mattress to sleep at night in the tent and he is perfectly happy with that now. Maybe you can try that. Where are you planning to go next?", "Thanks for the tip. I might purchase one of those. I think it will definitely help. We are thinking of heading up to the Northern National Park next month. Are you going to camping any time soon?", "That sounds fun! I was trying to go camping with my family this summer but all the places are fully booked until September. We might just rent a cabin somewhere instead. My daughter really likes treehouses, so we might look for one somewhere. Do  you have kids?", "A cabin in the woods or a treehouse sound very cool. I am sure your daughter would love it. Yes, I have 2 boys and a dog named Spot. We all love biking around forest and rural areas too. Spot loves chasing after us. I think he enjoys camping more than us sometimes. "], "history_conv": [["Hello.", "Hello. Do you have a favorite genre of music?", "No I'm more of an outdoors type person, with nature.", "Ah what do you like doing outdoors?", "Running, camping, hiking with my dog. What are some of your hobbies?", "Cool. I like watching movies and hanging with my kids.", "Do you prefer coffee or tea?", "Hmm I don't have a preference. Do you?", "Yes coffee, love trying new coffees and ways to brew them.", "What's your favorite coffee brew?", "Blonde roast, starbucks brand brew is my favorite.", "Ah cool! I like starbucks coffee."], ["I took my dog to the Starbucks drive-thru.", "How was your coffee?  Do they have blonde roast there?  What kind do you usually get?", "It was pretty tasty! My dog sure was popular, lol.  I love their blonde roast but went for a caramel macchiatto today", "I see.  I love the caramel macchiatto.  Do you have a way to make coffee when you are doing events outdoors?", "I have a little camp coffee pot, just pour boiling water from the fire over the grounds. It's quite wonderful at sunrise.  Have you ever been able to take your kids camping?", "Yes.  Well, we have a camper so it's not \"roughing it\".  But we do like getting out in nature.  They love it.  And, to me, nothing is better than watching the sunrise with a cup of coffee in your hand.", "Oh I bet having a camper is so nice! It's one of our savings goals. I do love the idea of having a toilet and shower easily accessible!", "It is wonderful.  And it allows us to stay longer than we would in a tent.  I especially love it because, at night, we pull the screen and projector out and watch movies outside with some popcorn.  As my friend says, its more like \"glamping\".", "That actually sounds wonderful. I do love camping but I'm getting older and sleeping on the ground is starting to be a little ridiculous. Glamping through my 40s would probably save my back", "I am sure.  but with your running and outdoor lifestyle I am sure you are still in great shape?", "I do my best to keep in shape, not perfect but I do try. I like to think the outdoors has kept me young!", "I can only imagine.  Having a camper would definitely give your body ample rest during all your outdoor activities.  I love to run also.  But it is nice to have a comfortable bed to sleep in afterward."], ["I heard from a friend a couple of days ago that they were planning on selling their camper, and I thought you might be interested in buying it off from them. I can give you their cell, so you can give them a call and negotiate the price.", "I might be! Do you happene to have any more information about it right now? Hey, maybe then I could sell you mine and we could be glamping buddies! It would certainly be better for your back and I would have an adult to talk to instead of just the kids.", "I will try to get some photos of it and send it to you! I'd definitely be open to taking a look at your camper, I really need to get off the ground when I am sleeping before my back can never be fixed.", "Sounds great, I really think I am ready for more space. More space means a bigger TV for movie night! Is running not helping as much as you'd like? My one neighbor does yoga and says that helps with her back a ton!", "No running is not helping, but I want to keep with it. I will look into Yoga, do you have any recommendations on getting started?", "Maybe I should get into running. How often do you go? I'll ask my neighbor. That way you can ask yours about the RV and I can ask mine about yoga and we can compare notes over coffee!", "That sounds great! I try to run every morning, but there are some mornings I just can't get out of bed. Do you and your family like to go hiking?", "Every day?! I was thinking about starting out twice a week but now that feels wimpy ha. The kids always drag me out for a hike or two when we go \"glamping\". I always complain and say that makes it too much like actual camping.", "It is better to start slow so that you don", "That's true, I don't want to over-exert myself, I'm no spring chicken! I really hope you this camper upgrade works out and you do buy mine! I'm sure your pooch would love it so much. And the sunrises are to die for. And that way YOU can hike with the kids and I get to take my time setting up the movies!", "Sorry about that, you don't want to scare yourself away from running by doing too much at first. But yes, we really should get together once you have talked to your neighbor and I have talked to mine. We can start planning some trips!", "Any idea where you'd like to go first? There are a lot of great local state parks. Or, if you're feeling adventurous, you could join us on one of our National Park trips! We're working our way through all of them!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like poached eggs.", "I like sunsets more than I like movies.", "I have a secondary job as a plumber. My job as a plumber is messy. I don't have a lot of time for myself.", "I do not live on the west coast. I do not like sand.  The beach is my favorite place to watch sunsets.", "I think Disney movies are good.", "I booked a Hawaii Sunset tour next month. I've never done a sunset tour before.", "I am generous."], "partner_persona": ["I like healthy food.", "I do not have a job and am a stay at home mom.", "I live in California.", "I like movies more than sunsets. I like to swim.  I do not like the sand at the beach.  My kids love the beach.", "I watch movies with my kids. My kids like Disney movies. I like romance movies and some horror movies.", "My kids are school-age.", " I am busy.", "I have a partner."], "current_conv": ["Have you seen any new romance movies lately?", "I haven't, my family has been so busy that I have not had a minute to sit and relax. Have you seen any new Disney movies recently?", "Yes, I have seen a new Disney movie lately it is called Luca. Have you seen it? ", "No, I haven't. I did see that my kids were watching it the other day and they said it was really good. Did you like it?", "It was a really good movie. Really cute movie. I enjoyed watching it. What Disney movies have you seen lately?", "I haven't had a lot of time for movies lately but the last Disney movie we watched as a family was Miracle, my husband really enjoys the Disney sports movies.", "I have never heard of the Miracle movie what is that about? I like watching the sport movies on Disney also.", "It is about the1980 U.S. men's Olympic hockey team, it is a really good movie. I would totally recommend that you watch it!", "Okay, that does sound like a good movie. Do you know where I can find it to watch it?", "Do you have Disney Plus? If so it is on there!", "Yes, I do have Disney Plus. I will have to check the movie out.", "Remember the Titans is another great movie that is on the Disney Plus app."], "history_conv": [["What is your favorite food?", "I love to cook healthy food. So anything healthy is usually my go to..", "That's nice! I really love poached eggs!", "Yummy... Do you like movies? What is your favorite movie?.", "I prefer to watch the sunset over a movie, but do you like movies?", "I do like movies. Being a mom I'm usually watching lots of movies with my kids.", "That's cool. Are you a stay at home mom or do you also have a job?", "Just a stay at home mom..", "Nice, I am a plumber on the side!", "I'm sure that can be a dirty job at times, just like a mom. Lol.", "Ha you are right!.", "Do you live in the states? I live in california.."], ["I just saw the greatest sunset so far this year. I know you like movies more than sunsets, but I heard there are supposed to be some great sunsets this week and I figured I should let you know that there may be some great ones.", "I do like movies quite a bit, but I don't mind sunsets at all. After all, there are great sunsets where I live in California. Sometimes, you'll have the entire evening sky in shades of orange and violet. It's stunning.", "I bet they are gorgeous on the west coast, I hope I get to see one someday. How are your kids doing?", "My kids are doing great. Speaking of sunsets, maybe we can watch sunsets together instead of movies. I imagine that'll be better for our eyes.", "I bet they would love that, especially if you can find a beach. Do they like to swim?", "I do. Water is quite relaxing. I find the sensation of being in water to be therapeutic. I have to say, however, that I'm not as big of a fan of the beach. Sand gets everywhere and it's hard to clean. My kids love it, though, and for that reason, I oblige.", "I am with you, I do not like the sand at all but the beach is my favorite place to watch sunsets. Have you watched any good movies with your kids lateley?", "Haha, \"good\" as in movies I like, or movies they like? We've watched a lot of movies they like for sure, or in other words, every Disney movie under the sun. Don't get me wrong, though--a good many Disney movies are excellent!", "They are good, what types of movies do you prefer?", "I like sloppy romance movies (which I imagine my kids would dislike). I'm also up for the occasional horror movie, but again, my kids definitely aren't interested in that.", "It sounds like Disney suits them just right then! Are your kids in school?", "They are, which basically means I've got a good portion of the day to myself."], ["I just got confirmation on a \"Hawaii Sunset\" tour I booked for next month!", "That sounds right up your alley! I am sure you will love it. Have you ever done a sunset tour before?", "First time! Surprising, right? God I am so excited!", "Good for you! I am sure it will be the trip of a lifetime! You will have to send me pictures so I can share them with my kids!", "I will! I wish you guys could come with but I know it would be a hassle because of school. I'll think of some way to treat you all when I return.", "That would be so nice of you! Was it hard for you to get time off for your trip?", "My pleasure! Yeah, imagine that. Working two jobs and struggling to make time for myself. I imagine it's the kind of the same for you being home with the kids most of the time.", "I could imagine it was hard to schedule the trip, but you deserve the time and it will be worth it. Yes, taking time for myself is nearly impossible. I swear I am busier as a stay at home mom than I ever was working. But I just remind myself, the kids are only young once and I will thank myself later for being there.", "I bet. That's sweet. You have to make the most out of every moment. I learned that from watching sunsets.", "That is probably why I love romance movies, much like you love sunsets. The movie is my small escape into a new and exciting world.", "Sometimes we all need a little escape. You deserve that freedom too. It has to be stressful handling your kids and partner all the time. It must feel like it never stops being your responsibility.", "It often does feel like a 24/7 job. Not that I am complaining about it totally. It is also very rewarding. But since you have 2 jobs, I am sure you feel just as exhausted."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like country music. My friends and I saw Randy Travis in concert.", "I have kids. I love to shop online for knick knacks and items for my children.", "I'm currently not working. I am looking for a job. I would like to find a job in a call center or data entry. I would like to work from home. I have school aged children. I recently got an email saying I was hired for a data entry job. I have software to teach me my new job.", "I have a shopping addiction.", "I have a brother. My brother is married with children.", "I need to make money.", "I shop for random items. I like to buy collectibles. I shop for kids clothing. I have bought Precious Moment figurines. I have a curio cabinet to display my figurine collection. I enjoy searching for figurines.", "I like to buy shoes. I like sandals. I have 20 pairs of sandals."], "partner_persona": ["Music brings me a lot of joy. I compose music.", "I'm trying to cut down on my spending.", "I have a shopping addiction. I spend too much money.", "I do not know what Precious Moment figurines are.", "I like to spoil myself when I shop. I spend a lot of money on shoes. I like to buy basketball shoes. I don't wear all the shoes I have.", "I feel guilty sometimes that I am fortunate to be able to spoil myself with shoes."], "current_conv": ["Since you sometimes feel guilty for having too many shoes, have you ever considered donating the shoes you don't like anymore? ", "You know, I have! I was talking to my friend about it and she said she thought that would be gross! I was really disappointed, because I thought it would be helpful. Do you have any suggestions of where I could take them?", "I would say check your community for local thrift stores or donation centers, they usually are very accomodating and many help out those who need clothes donations.", "I will have to do that. I am glad you don't think there is anything wrong with it. Thank you! Have you ever donated items?", "I have, but mostly items belonging to my family like my children's old clothes. They tend to grow out of it so fast it makes sense for me to donate it them to those that need it as oppose to throwing them away. I in particular have a tendency to keep my items much longer until they are unsuitable for donation.", "I bet you are hanging on to your Precious Moments figurines! I still haven't seen them when I have been out shopping. Where do you find those?", "I mostly look online to find them being sold that I can ship to my house, they are sold often on marketplace stores such as Ebay or Amazon. I also look in antique stores for them, sometimes I find one that I can add to my collection.", "Ya, I'm probably not looking in the right kind of stores. I'm mostly going into clothing and shoe stores. But hey! You mentioned antique stores...I wonder if they have any at the thrift stores. I could look when I drop off my shoes!"], "history_conv": [["Do you like music?", "Yes, you could say it is a great source of joy for me.", "Do you have a favorite genre? I enjoy country music.", "Everything really, I compose as well as listening to it. Have you been to a concert?", "Wow that's awesome. I've been to a randy travis concert before.", "That's great. Did you go alone or with friends?", "I went with friends. It was pretty fun. Have you went to any?", "Nice, hope you had a good time. Not recently, have been trying to not spent that much.", "I get that I love online shopping but gotta to be careful not get carried away!", "Haha, what do you usually buy? Are you working at least?", "Stuff for my kids and knick knacks. I'm not working currently so I'm scaling back.", "How many kids do you have?."], ["I've decided to start looking for work to pay for my shopping addiction.", "Omg i should do the same thing i cant help but keep spending way too much. What sort of job are you looking for?", "Somthing at a call center or doing data entry. I think working retail would defeat the purpose of me getting a job.", "But maybe they will give you discount if you work in retail at least that way you wouldn't have to spend so much. But yeah something in data entry seems to be a good choice.", "That is what I am afraid of. Store employee discounts Hahah. With Call center and Data Entry I can do it remotely from home and that would be best since I have school age children.", "Yes it is very hard to find a good job that can work around children. But that sound like it would be perfect. Most at home jobs are super flexible when it come to what hours you work.", "Exactly. It is why I am not currently working and the cost of proper Day care these days is ridiculous.", "Exactly kinda of no point in working as you literally working to pay them to watch your kids and basically have no income left over.", "Yup. My brother and sister in law had to pay so much for Daycare that it was actually going to save them money if my SIL quit her job and stayed home with the kids.", "You would think they would help out with people that actually wanted to work. Oh well the system is just a little behind logic i guess.", "I agree.  I just got an email saying I got the Remote Data entry job. YAY go me.", "OMG. Congratulations you deserve it. Hope you celebrate."], ["I just received the training software for the data entry job I was hired for and looks like I have a lot to learn.", "How do you feel about it? Do you still want to do the job?", "Well, I do need to make money somehow. How else can I feed my love of shopping? Kidding. Kind of.", "Haha, I get that though, when you go shopping what are you usually looking for?", "Eh, I'm always looking at random things, like collectibles and things I think my kids would like. I think the last thing I bought was an old Precious Moments figure. Remember those? I also bought some clothes for my kids during this great sale.", "I don't remember those figures at all...are they toys? And that nice that you get things for your kids. You dont get anything for yourself?", "They're ceramic figures of little kids being cute, basically. I have a curio cabinets with figures and other knickknacks inside. Those are for me - I just like looking at them.", "I totally understand, I like to buy things myself. I'm spend way too much money on shoes", "Oooh, I like shoes, too. Especially cute sandals. I think I probably have 20 pairs of sandals. What do you have the most of?", "It's bad, I buy basketball shoes that I don't even wear. I know there are probably people that hate me for that", "Hey, it's your money, right? If you like them, you like them!", "I feel kind of bad sometimes because I know some people wait forever for these and I seem to be able to get whatever shoes I want"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My father was a farmer. I have two older brothers named Noah and Tasha. My brothers worked on the farm.", "My brothers and I loved to play in the grain silo. My brother Tasha made sure it was safe.", "I have a cat named Sonny. He is my favorite animal. I like to watch tv with Sonny.", "I just moved to Kansas City. Spring is almost here.", "I have never been deer hunting. I like on a farm. I get up before sunrise and work past sunset. I am busy on the farm. I can not take a day off.", "I don't have a favorite show. I think about getting another cat.", "I have a television."], "partner_persona": ["My father was a hunter. I learned hunting from him and I love it.", "I love cats.", "I live in Pennsylvania. The weather here is cold at the moment. I'm looking forward to the warm weather.", "I like to hunt. I hunt deer. My dad taught me to hunt. I eat the meat I hunt. I have never had a deer mounted.", "I have a calico cat. I watch Netflix with my cat. I don't have a favorite show.", "I have thought about getting another cat. My cat takes a lot of time.", "I have a television.", "I used to have a tabby cat when I was younger."], "current_conv": ["You will never guess what Sonny did yesterday! ", "Watched the next episode without you? lol :D What did that fluffball do?", "There were birds in my garden trying to eat my worms.  Sonny caught a bird in his mouth and brought it to me!", "So he is a hunter too! Did it live? Did y'all feast?", "I told Sonny to drop the bird and he did.  The bird flew away unharmed.", "Aww that is good for the bird. Sweet of Sonny to bring you a gift! He must be pretty agile for his age.", "Yeah hopefully Sonny will keep the birds away.  I'm doing no till farming here so I need the worms for healthy soil.  I just planted some kale and spinach.", "Oh nice! So Sonny was just doing his work on the farm. :) Maybe it would be smart to get another cat. He could help with that too.", "Haha.  I got enough work already on my 40 acre farm!  It is going to be spring soon so I have to get all my crops planted soon.", "Do you travel back to the farm to work often? And does Sonny come back with you to Kansas City?", "I quit my job to be a farmer!  I'm living off the land.  Now all I have to do is to learn to hunt like you do", "Oh wow! It is great that you have found the life that works for you, and I bet Sonny loves it too! As long as y'all still gave access to Grimm."], "history_conv": [["My father was a farmer when I was a boy, and my two older brothers helped on the farm.", "My father was a hunter and has passed down hunting to me. I enjoy going hunting any chance I get. What was your favorite thing on the farm?.", "I loved playing in the grain silo (carefully) with my brothers noah and tasha.", "Oh my.. That sounds like it could be dangerous.", "Tasha always made sure the grain couldn't fall on us!", "I see. Did you have a favorite animal on the farm?.", "My cat sonny was a favorite. He is still alive.", "Aww that's really cute. I love cats too.", "He might come visit me in kansas city where I just moved.", "How is the weather in kansas city?.", "It's still cold here but the spring flowers are beginning to bud.", "Same here in pennsylvania. I cannot wait for it to be warm all the time.."], ["Are you planning on going hunting anytime soon?", "I will once it warms up a little bit. In the meantime, I will stay home with my cat and watch some tv.", "Cool.  Sonny and I like to watch tv too.  So, what kind of hunting are you planning to do when it gets warmer?", "Probably deer, that's the animal my dad taught me to hunt the most. Have you ever been hunting for deer?", "No, I've always been too busy with the farm and all to do something like that.  Do you eat the meat you get?", "Yes I do, and my whole family enjoys. This is why I am so sad that the weather here is not suitable for hunting conditions. Does farming take all your time?", "It really does.  I mean, you get up before sunrise to work and you work all day past sunset.  You can't take a day off because the crops always need tending to.  That's cool that your whole family likes it!  By the way, have you ever had a deer mounted or stuffed?", "I have not, my family finds that a little scary! And I never realized how much work you needed to do, is it worth it?", "I wouldn't know. I just wondered if you had because i've seen it on tv shows and stuff.  Speaking of tv shows, what do you watch with your cat?", "We don't watch anything specific right now, we just surf through Netflix and sees what appeals to us.", "Same here.  Have you thought about getting another cat?  I knock the idea around every now and then but haven't yet.", "I have considered it, but I know it will be a lot of work. This one takes a lot of time as it is."], ["Have you been able to go hunting yet? What is the weather like there?", "Still a bit cold here, but it is supposed to warm up next week.  I did go out a couple of days ago, but no luck.", "That's frustrating but I'm sure when the weather picks up you'll get better results! Is it just deer you like to hunt?", "Yes, just deer.  Although, I would like to hunt elk sometime.  Have you ever considered trying hunting?", "I've never been hunting before but I think I could try some time. I think working on the farm would have prepared me well for it", "My thoughts exactly!  Speaking of animals, I wonder if your cat has a \"favorite\" show.  My cat loves to watch \"Grimm\". Probably all the creatures, LOL!", "That is so funny you should ask my cat LOVES watching TV with me - I think he seems to enjoy FRIENDS the most!!!", "It really is interesting how animals can have so much personality.  I did see an ad for kittens last night, and seriously considered calling.", "I love cats! They're so independent but they can be really loving too", "My cat is a calico.  I used to have a tabby, when I was a kid.  I have heard that different coat colors have different personality types.", "I wonder if that's true? It's really interesting if it is!", "When I get another cat, I think I'll see if I can get one that's different, so I can try out the theory.  Have you decided to go ahead and get another cat?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am unemployed but looking for work. I have a family that I support.", "I like punk music.", "I am a ginger. People think I'm a nerd.", "I love to have cook outs.", "I'm looking forward to summertime.", "Art and music were my favorite subjects in school. I am a creative person.", "My favorite punk band is Less Than Jake. i like the bands Choking Victim and NOFX.", "I am a tech savvy.", "I am a painter. I paint landscapes. I like to paint red barns."], "partner_persona": ["I am a high school student. I play and march in the concert band at school.", "I'm a female. English is my favorite subject. I think of myself as a nerd.", "Both of my parents are school teachers. My dad teaches Algebra. My mom teaches History. I like math more than history. I am good at math and english. I am not good at history. I have a hard time remembering dates.  English was my favorite subject in school.", "I love grilled hot dogs. I like the warm weather and having meals outside.", "I do not know a lot about punk music. I listen to heavy metal music. My favorite bands are Slayer and Lamb of God. I like fast and intense music. I have heard NOFX music. I have not heard Choking Victim music.", "I play the bass clarinet.  I play first chair.", "I haven't worked a radiational  job.", "I like to write.  I don't have a resume.", "I am learning to paint in an art class.", "I live on a farm. I have a red barn."], "current_conv": ["I painted a new painting I think you'd like.", "Really? Was it a landscape?", "Yes, it sure was a landscape! I really think you will like it as the scenery is based on an old photo I had of a rain forest. ", "That sounds very peaceful!  I love rain forests! I'd like to visit one some day. ", "I would recommend that you visit one for sure!  Have you painted an image of your farm yet?", "I tried, but I ran out of red paint.  I'm not very good at it yet though.  I want to learn to pain in the impressionist style. So far it's mostly been in the kindergarden style! ", "Maybe when you go to your next art class you can bring the painting of your barn and finish it there since they will have red paint. ", "That is true. I am uncomfortable painting with people watching me though.  Do you like to be alone when you paint?", "I do like to be alone when I paint. Sometimes, I feel nervous when people are looking over my shoulder when I am trying to paint. ", "Yes, that's how I feel.  I told my teacher that, but he didn't care.  He said it was the only way he could grade me.", "Thats not very fair, but I think that the more you paint in front of someone, the more comfortable you will feel. ", "I hope so. I hope that eventually when I paint a barn it looks like a barn too!  Have you had any luck in the job search yet?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you today?", "I'm great! How are you?", "Doing good just on a job hunt currently..", "Oh yes? I'm still in high school. I'm not looking forward to that.", "Don't rush it.. A lot of hard work. Especially when you have a family depending on you.", "I bet. I'll just enjoy my marching and concert band right now lol.", "For sure! That's a cool hobby. I am more old school with my punk music then band.", "I'm just a girl with english as my favorite subject...a nerd!! Hahaha.", "I feel you on the nerd part. Everyone always things I am since I am a ginger.", "Well, my parents are teachers so it's hard not to be lol.", "I bet! Always educational in your house I'm sure. I love cook outs when I am home.", "Oh cookouts are the best!! There's nothing like hot dogs on the grill!", "Yes, especially in summer! Can't wait.", "Same here. I'm ready for warm weather and eating outside."], ["What subjects do your parents teach?", "My dad teaches Algebra and my mom teaches History.  I like math more than history though", "Your parents must be super smart, are you intelligent like them?", "as some things.  I'm very good at English and Math but dreadful at history.  I cant seem to remember dates", "Who cares about the past anyway? Lol. Do you have a favourite subject at school?", "English is my favorite, what was your is school", "Either art or music. I've always been really into punk music and anything creative", "Im not too into punk.  What bands would you recommend to get started with?", "I'd recommend some ska punk to ease you into it. Less Than Jake are one of my favourites. What music do you listen to?", "I listen to a lot of heavy metal like Slayer and Lamb of God.  I really enjoy the talent it takes to play music at that speed and with that intensity.", "Ah cool. You should listen to Choking Victim or NOFX, they might be more your style.", "ive heard of NOFX but not choking victim.  My freind wants me to listen to the Vandals."], ["What instrument do you play in your school's marching band?", "I play the bass clarinet. I'm pretty good at it. I made first chair last week. Have you found a new job yet?", "Wow, congrats on making first chair! That's a big deal. No luck on the job hunt just yet, but I have some good leads I'm chasing down and I have a few resumes out.", "That's great! What's a resume?", "It's a listing of all of your past work experience and educational background. It gives potential employers a quick look at who you are professionally. This is one of those times when it's good to be a nerd!", "Oh okay. I can't wait to start working and build a resume for myself! I'm pretty good at writing. Maybe it won't be so hard. You may have to show me an example of one though when the time comes for me to be able to work. Man it's nice outside. Hows the weather where you're at?", "I can totally help you with your resume. Just ask when you're ready! It's kind of cool outside right now; cooler than I'd expect for this time of year. But at least it's comfortable -- I've been taking my easel outside to paint lately.", "That's cool. What do you like to paint? I've tried to paint in art class, but my painting of Slayer looks more like messy lava haha.", "Ha! I'm sure it's better than you think it is! I like landscapes mostly. There's something soothing about a pastoral scene.", "I agree. I actually like the view out here on the farm. You should come paint it sometime.", "Thanks for the invite! I do love painting barns, especially the old red ones. They're just so charming.", "We have the cliche red barn out back haha. That"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I really enjoy gaming. I like the game Alistar.", "I just bought a new laptop. I like playing games on it. I broke a new record on Alistar.", "I would like to get a change of scenery for the weekend. I am addicted to gaming."], "partner_persona": ["I have kids. My kids like gaming, especially Fortnite. My kids received a PlayStation 4 for Christmas. I love watching movies. I plan to buy them a laptop for Christmas. I have never played Fornite.", "I like to cook healthy meals.", "My kids play video games too much. I encourage my kids to play outside instead of video games.", "I recently had my 30th birthday. We celebrated my birthday with dinner and cake at home.", "My kids enjoy cake. I like to cook vegan meals. My kids do not enjoy eating my vegan meatloaf."], "current_conv": ["I wonder if you bribed your kids with more Playstation gaming time, if they would eat more of your healthy vegan cooking? ", "That is a great idea but they play too many video games as it is.", "That's a good point, I'm honestly in the same boat as them, I play way too much. Maybe if you didn't tell them it was vegan?", "Good idea, I think next time I will keep it a secret that it is vegan! So have you broken any new records on Alistar since we last talked?", "Just hope they don't find out! No, I actually made it outside for once! Last weekend I went camping with a buddy and it was great to get out of the house.", "Oh nice, did you have to travel very far to camp?", "We went to the state park that's about 45 minutes away from the city so it wasn't too bad. Maybe you should take the kids camping, get em excited in the outdoors.", "Another great idea! I haven't been camping since I was young, did you take a tent or do you have an RV?", "We went tent camping but ended up sleeping in the car the second night it was raining so hard! Luckily we drove a SUV!", "That is lucky! Do you go camping often?", "I was the same as you, haven't been since I was a kid. Honestly, probably stopped the second I got a gaming console and the addiction started.", "Well maybe now that you have gone again and seen how much fun it is, you get break away from the gaming."], "history_conv": [["Do you like gaming. I am a big fan.", "My kids play games but I don't play much. I love to watch movies!.", "Oh really what is their favorite game?", "I think it's called fortnite. I sometimes watch while cooking healthy meals. What's yours?", "The best game I like to play is alistar.", "Never heard of it. Old timer here! Just turned 30. What other things do you like?", "Gaming is all my life, in fact, I just got a new laptop for it.", "You're just like my kids! That's all they do. Do you like your new laptop?", "Oh yeah I do, I will really like to meet your kids someday.", "Maybe someday! It has been really nice talking to you.", "Yes and for me too. What device do your kids play with??", "Their dad bought them a playstation 4 for christmas this past year. They love it!"], ["I just broke a new record on Alistar!", "Woohoo.... we\u2019re you playing on your new laptop?", "Yes! It is perfect for gaming!!", "That\u2019s great... I might just get my kids a laptop for Christmas;)", "You spoil them during for the holidays! They are lucky to have you as such a generous parent!", "They are good kids.... I feel blessed and Christmas is the only time I indulge them haha", "You only live once! Do you ever play fortnite with them?", "I have been meaning too but never got around to it. They have been pestering me ... to be honest I\u2019m scared lol", "Fortnite is really fun. It is action packed!", "Do you think it might be a good one to introduce a newbie to the gaming world... I\u2019m clueless", "Yes! You will be totally addicted within minutes :)", "Alright the.... my kids are in for a surprise... I\u2019m all juiced up to get cracking w/ Fortnite!"], ["Oh, I think I should go out somewhere for a weekend, cause I become feeling pretty addicting to the gaming process", "Yea, you need to. I always telling my kids stop playing games and go outside and play real games, haha", "Going outside is a great idea. Did you go out for your birthday?", "No, we just stayed home. When you get older, ugh 30, you just want to get it over with. So we just had dinner and cake at home.", "That sounds like a fun time. I bet your kids enjoyed the cake. Did you watch any movies?", "they loved the cake but did not care for the meal I cooked. I made a vegan meatloaf.", "Yeah, I hear it's hard to get kids to eat healthy. Are they still enjoying the Playstation?", "they love it and love it too much. It seems like their whole life is dedicated in playing Fortnite"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am quiet. I like looking for deals online. I have kids.", "I'm from the south. I'm a woman. I like bbq. I like cooking with a crock pot.", "I'm a homemaker. I'm from North Carolina.", "I am thinking of doing the keto diet. I am trying to lose weight. I want to start running. I am motivated to start exercising.", "I take walks every afternoon. I am working up to being able to run. I struggle to walk 3 miles.", "I am interested in learning an easy Keto diet. I am not knowledgeable about the Keto diet.", "I have a puppy that is not leased trained.", "I have a Sheltie named Squirt who is learning how to potty."], "partner_persona": ["I try to run five miles per day.", "I eat a protein-heavy diet. I want to lose weight. I started the keto diet. I have a lot of keto recipes.", "I'm a freelance programmer.", "My parents grew up in Alaska.", "I find running daily easy. It took me 3 months of training before I could run 5 miles.", "I practiced walking before running as part of my raining. I ran a mile each day and gradually worked my way up. I have a German Shepherd named Bosco that runs with me."], "current_conv": ["Does being a freelance programmer allow you to stay home with Bosco?", "Yes, I am able to stay home with Bosco! We spend a lot of quality time together during the week! How is your puppy doing?", "Slowly learning! Getting better on the leash every day. What have you been up to with Bosco?", "We usually go out for a walk on my lunch. He loves to be able to run a little with me. I get tired before he does though, haha. ", "I feel that. How long do you go out? My pup usually gets tired in about twenty minutes. ", "We usually go out for a five mile run. I have been trying to lose weight and Bosco has been a great partner at pushing me to run more. ", "Whoa! That is way more than we do. How long did it take you to get up to that long of a run?", "We have been running consistently for about 7 months. I feel that consistency is the key to being successful in running. You should start running a little when you go for a walk. ", "Maybe I will start! Any other tips? How long should we start?", "I would download one of those couch to 5k apps and follow the coach. I think that the programs are excellent to get someone to start running. ", "Got it. I'll do that. I guess I need to get running shoes next. ", "I hear there are some stores at the mall that will measure your stance and fit you to a great comfortable shoe."], "history_conv": [["Hey there!", "Hi how are you tell me about yourself.", "I am pretty quiet and love to browse the web looking for deals!", "Great I try to run 5 miles each day rather than spend the day inside.", "I wish I could exercise more, I ve got the kids running me around all day.", "How is your diet? I try to stay with meat and protiens.", "I am a southern girl, bbq and I love using the crock pot.", "Do you work? Im a freelance programmer.", "Thats great! I am just a homemaker, seen any good movies recently?", "Im not country but my parents did grow up in alaska.", "Brrrrr, I am from north carolina myself.", "Yea alaska is deffinetly pants weather."], ["How did you decide to start your diet?", "I wanted to loose some weight and a friend of mine tried the Keto diet and it worked for them", "I am thinking of starting a diet as well. Would you recommend Keto? I'd like to be able to use my crock pot still if I can", "If you like only mostly eating proteins and no carbohydrates, it works. A crock pot is perfect for cooking up meals", "I think I'll try Keto then! I'm trying to lose weight as well. Do you have any advice on how to start a running routine?", "start out slowly, if you are not used to exercising, the best thing to do is just walking.", "I see. I think I'll just start going on walks around the neighborhood then. I'm feeling very motivated", "walking is perfect. You can even take your kids with you.", "Do you want to go on a walk with me some time? I bet walking together with someone will motivate me even more", "would love too. An exercise buddy is good to have", "great. maybe I can work my way up to running. We can also share keto recipes", "I have many keto recipes I can share"], ["I took your advice and have been walking every afternoon to start my weight loss journey. My kids have been joining me and they seem to really like it.", "That's fantastic! Great for you! Walking every afternoon will definitely get you started on the right path to losing weight, then maybe I can convince to fully go through with the Keto diet! I could start you off with an easy recipe, interested?", "Thanks I'm pretty proud of myself. An easy recipe would be wonderful. I am not very knowledgeable regarding the keto diet and need help getting started.Have you managed to get your daily 5 mile runs in?", "That's wonderful, you should be very proud! And yes here's a simple easy recipe you could start out with, Crock pot/Instant Pot bbq baby back ribs! It includes the things you like and your kids will probably love it too! I have been getting my 5 mile runs in every day now! It's so much easier the more often you do it. Would you be interested in running with me one day?", "Yes, I would like to be able to run with you one day. I am going to have to work my way up to it. How long did it take you to get to the point where you could run 5 miles at one time. I am struggling to just walk 3 miles.My kids however, have no problem doing it.", "Yes we'll definitely work you up to it! It took me about 3 months of training and practice to be able to run 5 miles a day. It definitely was not easy, but I love it! And of course the kiddos have no problem walking 3 miles, they're so full of energy. Speaking of which, do you have any pets you bring on these walks?", "Great we will work up to it. Did you start off walking first too? We do have a puppy, but it is not properly leash trained yet. What about you, do you have a pet that runs with you? Oh, and thanks for the recipe.", "I did start off walking first. Otherwise I would have just given up completely trying to run. Then I would run a mile each day for a couple of weeks and work my way up. I do have a dog, a german shepherd who runs with me all the time and loves it! His name's Bosco! What kind of pup do you guys have? And you're welcome for the recipe!", "We have a sheltie named Squirt. Speaking of, she is asking to go outside so I better not miss this potty training opportunity. Hope to talk to you again soon. Bye!", "Aww super cute!! Enjoy! Talk soon!!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy the zoo, hiking, camping and running.", "I like music. I love my leisure time. I have a dog. I spend most of my time with my pet dog. I have three brothers.", "I love coffee. I have a new espresso machine. I like espresso drinks. I prefer to save money by making coffee at home.", "I am a female.", "I am not a very active person.", "I find large cities overwhelming. I live just outside of the city. I enjoy eating out. I am not picky when it comes to food.", "I am vegan. I usually cook at home. When I go to the city, the Loaded Bowl is my favorite restaurant."], "partner_persona": ["I grew up on a farm. I have two older siblings.", "I moved to the city. I am a female. My dad was a farmer and wants to see me.", "I traveled to see my favorite band.", "I don't have any pets because of life in the city.", "I have never made a latte before. I spend too much money on cofee drubks. I enjoy trying new things.", "I enjoy authentic Mexican food. I am not a picky eater at all. Good customer service is importnant to me.", "I like vegan food.", "I have a partner named Eddy."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite vegan dish to cook?", "I really enjoy vegan tacos.  I also like vegan stir fry.  I've got some great recipes if you're interested.", "I am interested but I to not care for tofu used as a substitute though", "Uh oh!  The stir fry recipe does you tofu, although I'm sure you could replace it with whatever you wanted and still make it work.  What types of things do you usually order when you go out to restaurants?", "Its funny I like tofu by itself but when it is used to mimic meat then it taste funny to me.", "That is funny.  It definitely took a while for me to get used to tofu, both on its own and in meals, but I do like it.  By the way, I talked to Eddy and he's free on Friday so if you're still willing and able we'd love to go to dinner with you.", "That sounds good. What restaurant do you want to go to? I am open for suggestions.", "I thought you already had a reservation at the Loaded Bowl for this Friday.", "I do but I thought maybe you want some Mexican food.", "Well, I do love Mexican food but if you already have the reservation at the Loaded Bowl, why don't we try that.  I'm intrigued by the live band.  I listened to some of their music online and really liked it.  Even Eddy heard it and asked me who it was.  That's a good sign as he can be picky about music.", "So the Loaded Bowl then. Afterwards we can go to my place and I can finally use my new espresso machine", "That sounds fun.  Will your friend still be joining us?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Good thank you for asking. I grew up on a farm and have 2 older siblings, you?", "I love coffee. I enjoy the zoo, hiking, camping and running.", "I moved to the city and there are lots of coffee shops. Do you like music?", "Yes. I love my leisure time, I have a dog. Do you have pets?", "No pets at this time. I traveled far to see my favorite band. Siblings?.", "I have 3 brothers. I spend most of my time with my dog.", "Dogs are fun! City life doesn\u2019t allow me to have pets..", "I love coffee like you, I just got a new espresso machine. It is awesome!", "Are you male or female?.", "Female. What about you?", "Female as well. My dad was a farmer and wants to visit me in the city.."], ["I just made a latte with my new espresso machine. Have you ever made your own latte?", "no i haven't but i always wouldn't to.  Do you have any suggestions on making a good one?", "Not really - it was so easy! Put the thing in, press the button and walk away. Tastes like a fancy 10 dollar coffee but for a fraction of the price. Highly recommend it if you like coffee!", "i will have to try it one day. I usually just go and buy one.and that does get expensive. What things do you do in you leisure tiem?", "I've been trying to be more active with the dogs. The coffee certainly helps! How about you? What have you been up to?", "When i'm not working i'm just traveling around the city, finding new places and things to do", "Found anything exciting lately? I get overwhelmed so easily in the big city.", "I was like that at first coming from a farm but i use to it know. i just discovered a nice little place to eat that has the best food ever", "What kind of food is it? Some good cuisine is definitely the easiest way to tempt me out in the suburbs, lol", "lol, it's Mexican. authentic. It was so good. I think you would love it. I think everything i tried i .loved. I even to home some so other could try it. What type of food do you like?", "I like everything! I could really go for some authentic Mexican... a little taco, a taquito maybe, some nachos definitely... oh I'm so hungry now. ha!", "Well you would love this place. it's the best and the customer service is amazing"], ["I made reservations there for myself and a friend for this Friday is y'all wanted to join us! This will be my last trip to the city for a little while so you should really come!", "Sorry where did you say you made reservations? I'm free on Friday so would love to join you.", "At the Loaded Bowl Vegan restaurant. Is that okay? I am vegan and this place has a great variety. They are dog friendly too so I bring my furbaby sometimes. It's a neat place.", "Yeah that sounds good to me. Vegan food is one of my favorites though it's difficult to get sometimes.", "I usually cook at home. When I come to the city, this place is my go to. I'm not picky when it comes to their menu. It's all delicious, I promise. They serve great drinks too! You'll have to try their fish bowl mamba haha. Its literally served in a giant bowl but dang its so good!", "Yeah I have never had fish bowl mamba before in my life so I'd love to try it. I should also say I don't know what my partner, Eddy, is up to on Friday. We'll find out.", "It's served in a fish bowl. They light the middle orange wedge on fire and you blow it out right before drinking it. It' similar to what Felipes Mexican restaurant serves. Yes, please do get back to me after talking with Eddy. If you two can make it, I've reserved a table nearest the live band that will be playing.", "Oh wow that sounds really cool. Didn't expect there'd be a live band! Do you know what style of music they'll play?", "I believe they are country/pop mixed genre. I looked up their website, Lean Left. com, and they are a local band who mostly do covers. Some original. You'll have to check out that site and let me know what you think of them.", "Yeah I will check them out. Lean left is quite a strange name. Sounds political! Anyway a quality covers band will maybe tempt out Eddy. Cocktails and music sounds perfect.", "Yes I laughed at the name, but their music online is good anyways. I guess we'll find out Friday!", "Yeah perfect! How many of us will be going?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am vegetarian. I like eating fruit. I love pineapple. I like to make fruit salad. I tried to grow pineapple.", "I am male. I like to smile.", "I don't like keeping friends.", "I have a horse.", "I hate breaking wind in public. I like to be my own boss. I would like to work from home someday.", "My father sided with the North in the civil war.", "My favorite vegetables are gourds. I feed my horse leftover vegetable cuttings.", "I work for someone else. I do not work from home."], "partner_persona": ["I am female. I have a lot of friends. I like everyone.", "I don't like breaking wind in public.", "I work from home.  I am my own boss.", "I like eating fruit. I like to eat pineapples. I like pineapple juice.", " I like to garden. I am growing vegetables. I plant my seeds in cardboard egg cartons when starting my garden. I sell vegetables.", "I love the smell of alfalfa hay.", "I would like to go to Hawaii."], "current_conv": ["I think the fruit salad I made today is my best one yet!", "What did you put in it?", "I put pineapple, oranges, grapes, cherry's, apples, pomegranate seeds and strawberry's.", "That sound so yummy! Have you ever used kiwi in a fruit salad?", "No I have not used kiwi in a fruit salad. Do you use that in your fruit salad?", "I have a few times. It adds a different flavor and lovely green note. Yellow kiwis are also very good in fruit salad as they are a little sweeter than the green variety.", "That sounds like it would be good in fruit salad. I have never seen yellow kiwi. Where do you fine them?", "Once in a while you can find them at Walmart or Kroger. They aren't a steady item. ", "Okay, I will have to look for them next time I go to Walmart. What else do you out in your fruit salad?", "I have added mini marshmallows a couple of times. Usually when I take the dish to a gathering. Some people like that extra sugary taste. I prefer mine plain like it is so I can taste the individual fruits.", "The marshmallows sound like a good touch and something different for a gathering. But I am like you, I like mine kind of plain also.", "It's like coleslaw. I prefer not to have too much dressing. I enjoy the taste and the crunch of the cabbage."], "history_conv": [["I am a vegitarian that likes eating fruit.", "I like to eat fruit too. Are you male or female?", "I am a male that likes smiling just like my father.", "I am female and I have a lot of friends.", "I dont like keeping friends because my father is an old civil war general.", "You must be old. What do you do for fun?", "I do it with avid horse.", "That sounds expensive. I try not to spend too much money.", "You are just like me do you also detest breaking wind in public.", "Lol, I don't like to do that either.", "I love pineapple alot what about you.", "I work from home so I can eat pineapple whenever. I like to be my own boss.", "Same here, I dont want a boss to frown at me.", "I like most everyone."], ["I cut up two pineapples today.", "Oh yeah, how were they?", "Pretty good, i was going to add them to a fruit salad but i couldnt resist and ate em all!", "That figures. They have a great taste and juice to drink as well. Bonus they don't make either of us break wind.", "Well that is a good bonus. Did you know pineapples are the only fruit that can eat you?", "Really? That seems like that can't be true unless the other items we classify as fruit aren't technically fruit.", "They have a special enzyme that is used in digestion! Thats why people put it on meats to cook.", "Wow did not know that was the reason. Learn something new everyday. So which side of the civil war did your father side with?", "The winning side ha. Hows your working from home treating you? I know you love being your own boss now", "It's fantastic, i tend to my garden in hopes this year will be a good year for everything and not just tomatoes. Not dealing with daily commutes is nice too.", "I hear that! I wish i could do the same,", "I use cardboard egg shell cartons, mixture of planting soil and dirt from my yard, mix the two together, plant anywhere from 2-3 seed per section and cover it in saran wrap for a week."], ["What is the easiest vegetable you have found to start a garden with?", "It's not too hard to grow any vegetable - but probably it's best to start a garden with lettuce. Do you have a favorite vegetable?", "i always like gourd types like squash and zucchini.", "Yes, squash is also easy to grow. If you give them enough water they grow huge! Do you feed your horse vegetables?", "Just the leftovers that I don't eat the cuttings off the vegetables before cooking. But my horse rather just eat alfalfa hay", "I love the smell of alfalfa hay. I know you like to make fruit salad - aside from pineapple, what do you add to it?", "depending what i can find, mostly strawberries, blueberries, and cantaloupe. By the way talking about pineapple have you ever tried growing one.", "I haven't! I would either have to move to a warmer climate or get a greenhouse. But luckily with the money I make selling vegetables I can buy pineapple from the grocery store. It would be nice to go to Hawaii and buy them off the tree.", "Yea you need warmer weather I tried to grow one but the freeze killed it.", "Yes, I hear it's really hard to grow pineapples. But being a good gardener takes time - that's why I like being my own boss.", "I wish I could work for myself. I would love to work at home", "It takes discipline, but I think you'd be great at it. The fact that you can take care of a horse shows you are a diligent worker."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite food is steak. I love rib eye steak.", "I like running rather than watching movies.", "I'm not a fan of any sports wear store.", "I'm a programmer. I prefer online shopping.", "I'm not a melomaniac. I don't have a preference in music.", "I like to support independent farmers. I do not support corporations.  I have thought about setting up my own farm.", "I play the lottery.", "I developed a website for a local farmer. I think we need more local produce.", "I am involved with getting a co-op started. I want to use my co-op as an educational tool for kids. I am researching ways to keep kids engaged and interested in the co-op.", "I am planning a trip to the beach."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite food is popcorn.", "I like country music.", "I like  Dolly Parton and Johnny Cash.", "I have never done mail-order steak before but I am willing to try.", "I have a mortgage to pay off. I would like to become a country musician. I know how to play the guitar.", "I do not live close to a co-op but I wish I did.", "I would drink too much if I took a trip to the beach."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever thought about trying to start your own co-op with some of your neighbors?", "It has actually crossed my mind a lot since we last spoke! There is one about an hour away. I was thinking of going to talk to them and see how their business model is working and helping the community. ", "I think that's a good idea.  Getting information straight from people who have the experience is usually invaluable, and I'm sure they'd love to tell you about their co-op.", "And I would of course do a little shopping as a thank you. I have started to realize that there are many areas in my city that are food deserts. A co-op could really change lives here.", "Yes, that seems like a fair barter: a little information for some business.  In your city is it anything in particular that's difficult to get?", "If you don't have a car it is basically impossible to get fresh produce if you live downtown. There is a farmers market once a month. It is something, but that really is not enough to make a real impact.", "Wow, that does seem like a real desert.  And it's not just a convenience issue, or an issue of personal preference, but a health issue.  You're right that a co-op could really do a lot of good in a lot of ways.", "It is!! It is so easy to forget when you have a car and can get what you like, but not everyone is so lucky. Do you know the best way to get others involved? City counsel meeting or go straight to the community?", "I think going straight to the community is probably better.  Real grass roots stuff.  If you associate it with city counsel you run the risk of people being turned off of it, or city counsel being encouraged to interfere too much.", "Ahh. Yes, I hear ya. Probably better to make sure there is support from the community and make sure they are getting something that is actually useful for them.", "This sounds like an exciting project but also a lot of work.  Are you intimidated by the thought of it or just more excited?", "Hahaha honestly, it makes me want to go to the beach and drink with you this weekend hahaha. But I am excited. There is definitely a need and I don't think I can ignore it. I should probably starts researching grants and whatnot too. Probably lots of overhead monies to get started."], "history_conv": [["What is your favorite food?", "Popcorn.", "I love to eat meat, steak is probably my favorite.", "Do you like to watch movies?", "I like to workout so I'd rather go on a run then watch a movie.", "Where do you buy your running shoes?", "I don't have a store that I always buy them from.", "Do you prefer going to a store in person, or shopping online?", "Well I am a programmer so I do like to do things on my computer.", "Do you listen to music?", "Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.", "I enjoy country music, how about you?", "I don't have a preferene.", "What are your hobbies, outside of running?"], ["I was scrolling my email inbox this morning that I noticed an invitation for a music festival in my inbox. I will be held next weekend. It has written that there will be several music performances including country music. The invitation is for two individuals , so you can bring one guest with you. I'm not a fan of music and even if I was, I could not attend the event this weekend since I have to finalize a project. So I thought this might be interesting for you.", "Oh, I'd be very interested, since it's a country music concert. Who's playing?", "All the best country artists. I've heard that Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton will be making an appearance.", "Ooh, Dolly Parton *and* Johnny Cash? That's excellent! Now I'm very excited! Let me get you something in return. Hmmm... there are some mail order steak places where you can order online, directly from a farm. What cut(s) of beef do you like?", "Oh wow how kind of you, I can't believe you remembered it's my favourite. I love rib eye steak. Have you ordered from there before?", "I never done mail-order steak before, but I've always wanted to try it out, since it's cheap and much higher quality than the stuff you can get at your average grocery store's meat section. Guess I can also use you as a guinea pig, haha!", "Yeah I'm trying my best to support independent these days. Screw the corporations! I've even thought about setting up my own farm day, we all have dreams right?", "That sounds like an awesome dream! And yeah, I try to buy local as much as I can. At least I know for sure that I'm helping out a member of my community when I'm doing that.", "If the farm dream doesn't play out, I can always rely on my back up plan of winning the lottery ;) Ever thought about what you'd do with a few million dollars?", "Haha, I think about it all the time. I'd pay off my mortgage, stick the rest in VTSAX, and become a self-funded country musician.", "Ahhh that sounds like a good dream. Unlimited holidays... it would be so sweet. Do you play any instruments?", "I play the guitar! I guess that'd make sense too, since, you know, I'm a fan of country music and all."], ["I finally finished that programming project I was working on! It was to develop a website for a local farmer than is trying to start selling their produce.", "That's so nice. It must feel rewarding to see real, tangible change happening because of your work. Maybe you'll get some free food out of it too!", "It was a fun project I love to support local businesses!  Im really hoping it works out for him, we need more local produce around here.", "That's great to hear! I agree about the need for local produce. I've always felt grateful for the work that farmers do.", "Do you have any co-ops near you?  We are starting one here.", "No, not near me. I wish there was one close. I crave that sense of community they offer. I wish you luck with starting yours!", "Thanks Im pretty excited about it.  I also want to use it as an educational tool for kids and somehow get them involved.", "That's a great idea. It sure seems like kids need something engaging to develop that sense of community and connection with their food.", "I agree!  Kids love to learn.  I have been researching ways to keep them engaged and present things on their level so they are interested.  Do you know of any good websites for teaching tools?", "I think if you googled educational resources for your state you'd find something to use as a reference. There's bound to be something helpful for you. I'll still keep an eye out though. Hey, since you're working so hard I hope you're rewarding yourself too.", "Ok thanks for the suggestion, I'll do that.  Yes I am rewarding myself with a trip to the beach next weekend!", "Nice! That should be relaxing. Just don't drink too much like I would!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My dad was in the navy. My dad did not let me listen to Black Sabbath.", "I go to university. I am studying social science.", "I like burgers and fries.", "I like chocolate. I have two dogs.", "I am trying to avoid having student loan debt. I work as an Uber driver. I do other gig work. I live in a big city.", "I have thought about teaching middle school science. I prefer researching over teaching.", "I love the big burgers from Five Guys. My go-to order for Five Guys is a double burger with lettuce, tomato, cheese, ketchup, mayo, and mustard. I order small fries from Five Guys and share with my children.", "I am thinking of trying Door Dash so I can compare it with the money I get from Uber.", "I have had bad experienced with driving people around because talked crap about my car. I have kicked people out of my car for talking crap. I am now picky about who I drive around."], "partner_persona": ["I love Black Sabbath.", "I am out of school. I think about work all of the time.", "I have no pets. I love food. I like meat.", "I work a lot. I haven't taken any days off lately. I am in a lot of debt. I work as a grocery store clerk. I am looking for a job in education.", "I have graduated from university. I majored in math. I want to teach high school math. I think if teaching doesn't work out, I will consider research.", "I have not tried any new restaurants. I eat a lot of fast food.", "I love all fast food except for McDonald's. I find McDonald's to be bland.", "I have thought about doing Door Dash because I love fast food."], "current_conv": ["Do you get a discount for working in the grocery store? There might be recipes you can find online that are similar to the recipes you can get at fast food restaurants. ", "Yes, I get an 8% discount. I've tried some of those recipes but they are never quite right.  ", "I agree! They promote it sooo much and then I try to do it and I'm like...ya...I don't think so!! Have you thought any more about doing Door Dash?", "Yes, I did.  I wanted to try Five Guys, but Door Dash doesn't deliver from there.  I'm going to look at GrubHub and UberEats.", "Well, if you do Door Dash I might be the one delivering it to you. I'm taking the plunge. I got hired and I am going to start next Friday. I just can't handle the picky customers of Uber any more. Hopefully people will be happy I am bringing them food and will be nicer!!", "Great! Well if you hear about any deals you think I'd like be sure to let me know!  Is there any way to ask for you specifically as the driver?  I'd give you a nice tip.", "Noooo, I don't think you can make requests!! It would be nice though. I have a feeling I would be delivering to all my college grad friends and those finishing up!! Have you had any possible job offers in education?", "I may be able to get on as a substitute teacher. But I need to find something more permanent. If I could switch to working at the store at nights though, it might work out.", "That is not a bad idea! I saw that there were some elementary positions open, but not high school.Do you think if you sub, that will at least get your foot in the door some where? ", "I hope so!  They said they have a French teacher about to go on maternity leave.  It's been a long while since I studied French though.  But, anything on my resume will help. ", "Yikes!!! French!!! Good luck with that!! Was that your minor in college?", "I double minored in Math and French.  Weird combination I know.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hi! Do you like music? I love black sabbath.", "Dad was in the navy tho so he wouldnt let me listen to black sabbath.", "That's too bad. Do you work? Workaholic here as I'm in debt.", "I'm still in school now.", "I'm 26 and out of school and only think of work all the time.", "That's too bad. Do you have any pets to cheer you up?", "No pets. Not my thing, but I love food. What's your favorite?", "Good old burgers and fries! Yours?", "I love meat. Call me a carnivore!", "Haha nice. I like chocolate, too. Named my dogs snickers and bounty.", "Oh those are such cute names. What kind of dogs?"], ["Have you had any days off lately?", "Not recently, it has been all work and no fun recently. Once I get rid of this debt though, it will all be better.", "Yeah, I guess once that debt is gone you can have a little extra cash to do some fun stuff.  I'm trying to work my way through school so I can have as little student loan debt as possible.", "That is a very smart plan. What kind of job do you have right now? I am a grocery store clerk, but I am only doing it until I can find a more permanent job in education.", "I'm actually driving uber and doing some other gig work.  Surprisingly, it's not a bad way to make some money.  I'm in a bigger city so there's plenty of work that way.  Well I hope you can find a teaching position, we need all the best teachers we can get.  Are you done with school?", "Yes I am done with school. I am hoping to find some work in the math related field, preferably at a high school. Math is what my major is in.", "That's good! I thought about being a teacher at one point.  I was kind of a science geek.  Believe it or not I like working with middle school.  They are difficult but still a lot of fun.", "I understand. Is being a teacher still on the table for you or will you pursue a different career?", "It's not really on the table anymore.  I like research more than teaching...I like the idea of asking questions other people haven't asked or explored yet.  I'm headed into the social science right now.  Studying people and the way we interact with one another and the environment around us.", "That is an inspiring and terrific field to enter. And who knows, if teaching doesn't work out, maybe I will find myself in the research field. Hopefully you would be able to give me some pointers.", "I'd be glad to.  Have you tried any new restaurants recently?", "I have not really had time to go out recently, so I have just been having fast food recently."], ["What is your favorite fast food place to go to?", "I love just about all fast food except McDonald's. It food is so bland! What is your favorite place to get a good burger when you are in a hurry?", "We have a new place in town called Five Guys. I love it so good. Nice big burgers.", "We just had one of those open up in my town too! I have been wanting to go there but they don't have a drive thru and I am lazy. Do you have a go to order when you place your order? I know you have to ask for the toppings on your burger.", "I usually get the double burger with lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, ketchup, mayo and mustard. Plus a small fry I can usually share that with my kids and we all have enough fries.", "I will definitely have to try it some time soon. It sounds really good from what people say. I know you Uber, have you ever done Door Dash or thought about it?", "I have thought about it. I have a friend who does it and they make some good money. I should try it and see which one I make more money doing.", "Yeah, with all the fast food I love to eat, I've thought about it too. I know some of my friends do it instead of Uber because they don't have to deal with people then. Have you ever had a bad experience with people Ubering?", "Yes, I had one person talk crap the whole time they were in my car. They thought they should have a better car to be riding in and that I must be really poor and can't work to do that.", "Holy crap! That would be awful. Are you allowed to stop the ride and kick them out when they start talking trash like that? Or have to keep driving?", "We can and I did after about 10 minutes of it. i couldn't take it any longer. They still had about a 20 minute drive to their location. I've been really picking out who I do a ride for now. But I need to stop cause I'm not making what I was.", "Yeah, that would be hard. I wish Uber would make the bad customer pay regardless! Then you would still get your funds and it would make the person behave better I think."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am concerned about wildlife.", "I play video games. I do not play scary video games.", "I like to hunt. I own land. I hunt on my land and I hunt on state hunting sites.", "I am not brave enough to play Resident Evil VIII. I am playing Jurassic Park: World.", "I have a gaming laptop.", "I have tried golfing but I am awful."], "partner_persona": ["I play a lot of video games specifically leage of legends.", "I have a gaming laptop. Alistar is my favorite. I play League of Legends. I bought the game Resident Evil VIII at regular price. I play Resident Evil VIII by myself with the lights off.", "I have never shot a gun.", "I am enjoying playing Resident Evil VIII.", "I have not played Jurassic Park: World but am interested in trying it.", "I play a lot of video games but when I am not playing video games.", "I play on a local golf course.", "I do not have experience with hunting but I am willing to learn. I think I will enjoy hunting."], "current_conv": ["I managed to shoot a deer on my last hunting trip! It was a big buck. I am having some trouble with my gun though so I have to take it to get looked at before I can teach you how to hunt. ", "Oh, yeah. That seems like a critical park of hunting. How long do you expect it to take?", "Probably less than two hours. I just have to bring it to the shop and ask for some help. I heard you are interested in trying the Jurassic Park game. ", "I definitely am. How are you enjoying it?", "It's great. Very nice open world game. Only downside is that there is no multiplayer and the graphics are a bit outdated. You should come over some time and play", "I'd be down for that. Any time in the next couple of weeks?", "For sure. I'm a little busy this week so how about next week friday after work. Say 6pm?", "That would be great. Should we order in? Pizza? Chinese? ", "Pizza sound greats. Since you're trying out the jurassic park game I'll try out resident evil although it may take some bravery", "Well, yeah, it is definitely scary. Have you played any RE games?", "Nah, I've been to scared to play by myself so if you're with me I'd be down. Anything I should know before playing?", "Many things. Mostly, the UI is a little hard to get used to if you aren't familiar with capcom games. Takes a minute to get used to. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, what do you do?", "I play a lot of video games, specifically league of legends. And you?", "Cool! I don't often play video games. I like to hunt in my free time.", "Nice, maybe if you got a new gaming laptop like mine you would play more.", "What kind of laptop did you get?", "A new gaming laptop, lol. Wjat do you hunt?", "Mostly deer. I am worried about overpopulation.", "Human or deer overpopulation? Do you know who alistar is...a champion!", "Deer population, I am concerned about wildlife in general. I do not know alistar.", "Yeah, alistar is my favorite. Good luck with the hunting. You do anything else.", "Not really, but thank you!", "Oh well, you should try video games then."], ["I just got back from a trip hunting deer.", "How did it go?  Did you snag a buck?", "Not this time.  It still went good though.  I checked out the conditions for some of the animals living in the area.  What have you been up to?", "I spent all night playing League of Legends.  But after that I bought Resident Evil VIII.  I haven't turned it on yet but I'm looking forward to it.  Usually I wait for a sale but I couldn't resist.", "That's cool.  What is Resident Evil VIII about?", "It's a horror game.  You're a guy looking for his kidnapped daughter and you have to explore a bunch of eerie locations full of monsters.  I really liked the last one so I'm eager to see if this one is as good.", "Hmm, that could be interesting.  Do you play by yourself or is it a multiplayer online game?", "I just play it by myself.  I turn the lights out and play it late at night by myself so it's as scary as possible.  Do you like horror movies and scary things like that?", "Not really. About the only thing scary that I like is sneaking up on a deer out in the wild!  I play videogames every now and then but they are usually tame, calm ones.", "I understand.  Where do you go to hunt?  Is it your land or someone you know?", "Both actually. Sometimes I hunt on mine or my family's places and sometimes I go to state hunting sites.  You should go next time I go!", "That would be fun!  I've never shot a real gun before though.  Is it hard?"], ["Have you enjoyed the game Resident Evil VIII", "Yes I have it's a great game! Have you been playing any new games recently?", "I just don't know if I am brave enough to try Resident Evil yet, but I have been playing a lot of games lately.  I have been playing a lot of Jurassic Park: World lately. So much fun.  Have you played it?", "No I have not, but that sounds like a ton of fun and something that I would love to play!! Am I able to play it on my gaming laptop?", "It is pretty graphic intensive, but I think if you have a good gaming laptop it shouldn't be a problem.  I guess it does have some scary moments, but nothing I can't handle. What do you do when you aren't playing games?", "Most of my free time is spent playing video games, but when I am not playing them I like to play golf to pass the time. Have you ever been golfing?", "I have been a couple of times, but I think I'm pretty awful.  Where do you usually golf?", "There is a local golf course that I really enjoy going to", "Let me know the next time you are going and maybe I can join you?  Maybe the next week I can take you hunting and we can alternate?", "Yeah that sounds like a great idea! Although you're going to have to teach me how to hunt since i'm pretty inexperienced. Maybe I can teach you how to golf and you can teach me how to hunt? How does that sound?", "That sounds great to me!  We are going to get outdoors a lot, which is a plus for a couple gamers!  I think you will enjoy golfing.  There is a lot of \"hurry up and wait,\" but you just soak it all in.", "I think I will enjoy hunting too, it seems like a very peaceful activity and a great way to enjoy nature! What are you up to the rest of the day?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a vegetarian. I love animals.", "I love rock music. I drive a Jeep Wrangler.", "I go to the gym. I am trying to build muscle. I used heavy weight this last month in my routine to build muscle.", "I am a housewife. My husband is a lawyer.", "I have a good imagination.", "I have not read any biographies. I prefer reading historical fiction, especially about the Victorian era. I find present times to be depressing.", "I saw Jane Goodall on PBS with my mom as a kid.", "I like dogs best.", "I take a protein powder made from peas.", "My husband is not really a vegetarian."], "partner_persona": ["I eat both meat and vegetables.", "I like animals. I like all types of music.", "I do not have a car. I have a bike.", "I work out sometimes. My job requires me to sit all day and work with a computer.", "I am married.", "I do not have a good imagination. I like reading nonfiction books. I love biographies. My favorite biography is Michelle Obama's. I read modern biographies. I read about Jane Goodall.", "My outlook on life can be summed up by my favorite quote: \"\"The past is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is wonderful, that's why they call it the present\".", "I think chimps are fascinating."], "current_conv": ["I finished my month of heavy weights in my training routine.", "How was that? Have you managed to build muscle?", "Yeah, I feel that I have been getting a little stronger. I have been training for a Powerlifting competition. ", "That is great. When is the competition?", "The competition is in a few months! I have competed in one a few years ago! I can wait to compete again. ", "Not long a way I see. How was the competition last time? Did you do well? Are you planning to beat your record?", "The competition went well last time. I was very nervous, but my friend ended up competing with me, so I felt better. I would like to beat my record. ", "That is good. Peer support can be very helpful. Is your friend competing as well this year?", "Yes, he agreed to compete with me, so we use each other as motivation to get through our tough workout sessions. ", "That is fantastic! You sound like you have a great support network. I know food is important for muscle building too. Are you eating a lot of protein and eggs?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. Do you like meat?", "Yes I do! Omnivore is what I call myself.", "I only eat veggies. I love animals.", "I like animals too. What kind of music do you like? I like it all!", "I like blasting rock in my jeep wrangler. What do you drive?", "I just ride my bike. I enjoy it and it's great exercise!", "I prefer the gym myself. Trying to put on muscle.", "I try to work out when I can, I sit all day working on computers.", "I'm a housewife. I married a lawyer. You married?", "I am. I also like to read.", "Reading is a great way to pass the time.", "It is. It's a great escape. Do you like movies?"], ["My Jeep got a flat tire so I was stranded for 3 hours today!", "That sucks! Did you have any profound thoughts whilst you were stuck? 3 hours is such a long time to wait.", "No, no profound thoughts.  I basically just read some in a book I had luckily brought with me and waited.", "Books are such a good way of passing the time. especially when you get lost in the world of the book. I find that with books though, it helps to have a vivid imagination. Do you have one?", "I guess so. I mean, I can image what the characters and the worlds in the books look like.  Do you have a good imagination?", "Unfortunately, no. My mind is a weird and wonderful place of... not very much if I am honest. I prefer reading more non-fiction books. I also love biographies. Do you read any biographies?", "No, I have to admit that I haven't.  Who have you read about?", "One of my favourites was Michelle Obama's. The insight it gave into the role of The First Lady was utterly fascinating. I suggest you give it a try", "Maybe. I really prefer historical fiction to anything else. I like to read about the past, especially the Victorian era.  The present is a little depressing for me.", "One of my favourite quotes about the past and the present goes as follows - \"The past is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is wonderful, that's why they call it the present\". That is kind of my outlook on life now. What was the last historical fiction book you read?", "It was Emma by Jane Austen.  You're quote is interesting. It makes you think.  Who said it?", "It was in the film Kung Fu Panda, of ALL places. But I suppose, since it is aimed at children, it teaches them a way of having a positive outlook on life. Emma is renowned for being an amazing book, I should give it a try"], ["Have you read any biographies about people from Victorian times? I think those are the types of biographies I would find most appealing.", "I probably should read a biography from the Victorian era. I usually read modern biographies. Like I just read one about Jane Goodall - I think you would love to hear how she studied primates.", "I think when I was a kid I watch Jane Goodall on PBS with my mom.", "Aw, that is nice. Chimps are such fascinating creatures. Do you have a favorite animal?", "nothing beats a pet dog, simple and accessible", "That is true. I was going to ask you about your workout routine - what's the best way to build muscle?", "I changed up the past month. I went more heavy on weight with less reps and more sets. The routine is the 5x5 one. I like it so far and feel like it is building muscles.", "That is great. Do you think being on a vegetarian diet makes it harder to build muscle?", "it is a lot harder, that is why I wanted to change my routine. Plus I am starting to take a protein powder made out of peas.", "That's great. It's hard for me to imagine life without meat. Is your husband a vegetarian too?", "when we first met no but he is sort of and sort of not. When I am around he is but I am not sure when he is by himself, haha", "I guess he's a part-time vegetarian. I am sure since he's a lawyer it's hard to argue with him."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am shy.", "I like warm weather.", "I love online shopping.", "I have kids. I enjoy movies. I watch Netflix.", "I have had a busy few days at work. I need time to relax. I have to tell my children not to touch ducks. I want my children to respect ducks.", "I am thinking of watching Ragnorak."], "partner_persona": ["I am moving next month. I am outgoing.", "I went to a strict school. I love football. My dad was the headmaster at my school.", "I watch Netflix.", "I love watching children running around and burning energy.", "I got attacked by a mother duck one time.", "I think it is important to teach children how to respect things.", "I sometimes go to parks. I am packing. I am watching season 2 of Ragnorak. I liked season 1 of Ragnorak but sometimes find the subtitles hard to keep up with."], "current_conv": ["What are you most looking forward to with the move?", "I think it iwill be great to meet new people and also check out new parks and places to take the kids. do you often go to parks with your kids?", "We do, quite a bit. We've been going to the pond quite a bit, and also to the bike track lots recently. My youngest is just learning to ride without training wheels. Do you cycle with your kids ever?", "I do! its such a fun way to explore and get the kids to burn off energy. what sorts of winter sports do you do?", "I completely agree! I've been so busy lately I haven't been playing, but usually I play indoor soccer in winter. The kids have just gotten into fencing actually, which has been interesting. How about you guys? ", "I used to fence as a kid! it was great for core strength. i've never tried an indoor sport like soccer but maybe I should for this winter when things get too cold for biking and parks and whatnot. might be a good way to make new friends in a new town!", "That's what I've been telling my kids. But yeah totally, I'm sure there'd be a centre near you guys! Are the kids helping with the packing? ", "alas, they are useless, lol. they want to help but just make a mess because they're too little to pack things safely so they put fragile stuff in piles. oh well. i'm just trying to keep them busy until it's show time! how old are your kids?", "Haha I thought that might be the case. Mine are completely the same. Last time we moved we just had to ship them off to their grandparents to get them out of hair. My daughter is 5 and my son is 8. How about yours? ", "oooh I hadn't thought of that! I thought I was doing them a favor letting them have more time in this house but maybe it's better to let them have a \"vacation\" somewhere else, lol. mine are 3 and 6. tough ages to wrangle when it comes to trying to stay organized.", "Oh i highly recommend it. Mine love it, they get spoiled and we can relax for a second. But yeah god totally, three years is a nice age difference though, don't you reckon? How does your oldest feel about moving to a new school? ", "I do like their ager difference. older kid is able to help model better behavior for younger kid most of the time, lol. it's a good gap. and they aren't having the same experiences so close together that it stops being special for either of them. the oldest is excited about a new school, which i'm grateful for. I worried they'd flip out."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! How are you?", "I am fine, it is stressful leaving the state.", "Oh no! I bet. It would be hard for me as I am so shy.", "Oh really I like meeting people a lot. Well I am moving next month.", "That's too bad. Where are you going?.", "Neighboring state. I like the weather there..", "Is it warmer? I always wanted to go to florida, but my dad was too overprotective.", "Oh yeah, and it does not snow heavily..", "Good! I shop online to avoid going out in snow. I love doing that anyway.", "I went to a strict school but it does not stop me from loving football.", "I'm a homebody. I just stay home with my kids and watch movies. I love it.", "You should be some mommy's boy. My dad used to bee the headmaster in my school."], ["My kids and I saw a very funny movie.", "Nice... was it an animation movie?", "You know me too well...yes! It was really cute with lovable characters. It is on Netflix and it's called Chloe. Watch it!", "I sure will! I can\u2019t believe I missed it on Netflix. Maybe tonight :)", "It will cheer you up after a long work day, for sure!", "Yup... that\u2019s my favorite way to unwind!", "Have you hired movers yet?", "No, I\u2019m just waiting to finish up with packing my stuff to have an idea of how much stuff. Probably by next week!", "Moving can be stressful with so much to do. But, worth it once you settle into the new place!", "True... it\u2019s been crazy! Can\u2019t wait to be all settled in at my new place.", "Have you thought about a color scheme yet to decorate around?", "Thankfully the interior decorator is taking care of that!"], ["The kids and I decided to go to the park and enjoy the afternoon with a picnic.", "That sounds fantastic! How was it? What did you bring to eat?", "Nothing too fancy. We brought some sandwiches, iced tea, and some snacks. The kids really enjoyed running around out there.", "That's great. You have to love just watching them run around and burning out all that excess energy eh! Did you play any games while you were there or was it completely a kids just being kids situation?", "I just took the time to try to relax a bit. I've been pretty busy at work the past few days and really needed a bit of a break. The kids really liked seeing the ducks at the park, but I have to always warn them not to touch them.", "Haha! No doubt! Those ducks can be quite territorial at times! I once walked by a mother and completely missed that she was protecting her new ducklings.. lets just say my shin was a little sore after that encounter.", "Yes, they seem to want to pet the ducks, but then the ducks end up chasing them and they get scared and run away. It ends up becoming like a game to them, but I'm trying to teach them to respect the ducks too.", "That's good! It's great to teach kids while their young about these kinds of things. So did you actually get to relax or was it just trying to? Sounds like there was a lot of duck patrol and not enough you time haha", "Well early on they got a little bit too involved with the ducks, but I managed to get them to calm down and watch them from a distance with me after a while. Do you spend much time going to parks?", "Occasionally. Lately I've just been packing and watching Netflix. Although I started watching season 2 of Ragnorak and it was more watching than packing because I had to read the subtitles haha!", "Oh, I've been thinking about watching that. What did you think of it?", "Season 1 was really good, I was waiting for this one to come out! It's been intense so far, but sometimes it's hard to keep up with the subtitles. You can't be tired to watch this one!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I bicycle. I go to the gym.", "I drive. I prefer to bike more than drive. I ride my bike to work.", "I work with computers. I work with artificial intelligence and coding. I am familiar with the legalities of AI.", "I read. I know how to use youtube.", "I like electronica music. I enjoy riding bicycles.", "I start work in the mornings.", " I have a bicycle and a vehicle. My knee and elbow are injured."], "partner_persona": ["I go to the gym daily.", "I Drive a Jeep.", "I produce electronica music. I am married to a lawyer.", "I work construction. I have 3 children I take care of.", "I have music on Youtube. I listen to dubstep.", "I work out.  I run and lift weights.", "I have researched self-driven cars."], "current_conv": ["Do you have suggestions for the best music to listen to while lifting weights?", "I think that the best music for working out kind of varies from person to person. Personally, I like instrumental music heavy on the bass. The lack of lyrics helps me to get in the zone. I know people who prefer to have a voice to focus on though; one of my friends even likes to listen to audio books while working out.", "I cant imagine listening to audio books. I wouldnt be able to pay attention well enough! what type of music do you make on youtube?", "I love all types of music, but right now I'm producing a lot of electronica. I like it because it feels like I'm blending something organic with something man-made and electronic. Does that make even make sense - lol. It's not very popular, but it has a dedicated following.", "it does make sense! I think it's a really cool way to frame it. I like techno and electronica for those reasons. it feels like experimenting wiht sound.", "A lot of people think it's too repetitive, but I think that if you really listen the subtle changes in a techno or electronica song make all the difference. How is the weightlifting going? Any new personal bests?", "agreed. I am a pianist myself so I love to listen for shifts in sounds or themes like that. it's going pretty well! I am able to do much more shoulder lifting than ever before because i've really been working on my back muscles", "That's awesome, is your back a weak area for you? I'm not very familiar on which areas are strong and troublesome for bikers. Is bike riding a full-body workout? Or are you weightlifing to get more balance in your routine?", "yes, i was born with some muscles actually missing in my shoulder area so I have very weak shoulder and upper back strength -- it's been a super challenge to improve, because I have to build muscles to compensate for what isn't there", "Oh wow! Did you have to have lots of surgeries and therapies as a child? I can't even imagine what you've been through!", "No surgeries but lots of physical therapy! we didn't realize anything was wrong until I was in middle school and my parents noticed me popping my shoulder in and out of its socket for fun, lol. then they took me to docgtors. what's missing is the muscle bands that would hold my shoulder in place more firmly. I don't have pain or anything. But i'm not strong.", "Wow! The human body truly is amazing! Well definitely don't overdo it on the weightlifting - are you being surpervised by a trainer or physical therapist when you work out? Or is that not really necessary?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! Tell me something about yourself!", "I go to the gym on a daily basis. How about you?", "Nice! I enjoy bicycling, sometimes at the gym.", "That's great. I own a jeep do you drive?", "I do, but I prefer to bike places. What do you do?", "A music producer. My wife is a lawyer and yourself?", "Well that is cool. I work with computers.", "Nice know any good scam software?", "No, sorry. What else do you like to do?", "Work construction and have three children I love and take care of.", "That sounds pretty busy! I usually just read and listen to music.", "Thats nice check out my music on youtube. Dj k jae and microphone mafia.", "I'll have to do that..", "Thank you. And hope you enjoy and take care of yourself. Bless."], ["Dj Kahbib will be live on youtube in 7 hours, I think you'd like his music!", "Wow thanks, i will definitely check it out!", "What kind of music do you have on YouTube? I'd like to check it out!", "Oh its just some experimental electronica stuff i like to mess around with when i have time", "That sounds really cool! I like electronica. Never got into dubstep though. I like to listen to music while I'm riding my bike.", "Yeah i think dubstep is an aquired taste ha. I like it also for working out. Gets you pumped.", "Yes! I have a mix of Skrillex and David Guetta that really make the ride to work go by fast.", "Ha, guess it helps if your late! Have you rode in any competitions recently?", "Nope. I don't like biking competitively - I prefer to compete with myself and challenge myself, you know? What do you do for exercise?", "I run as much as i can, then just lifting to get toned. I hear you on challenging yourself though", "With your music and your job and your kids it must be hard to find time to workout! I need to do more lifting myself.", "Well luckily, well maybe ha, i get a lot of running in chasing the kids!"], ["I was almost hit by a car on my ride to work this morning.", "OMG, are you ok? Tell me what happened?", "Some automobile drivers think they have the right of way over pedestrians and bikes.  I was in the intersection, and this guy ran right through the stop sign.", "Yeah some people have no consideration for anyone else. I'm glad you are ok. So are you still going to the gym often?", "Yes, but I may have to drive for a while. My front rim on my bicycle is all bent up, and my knee is scraped up pretty bad.  So is my elbow, so I'll probably have to use lighter workouts. Have you still been going to the gym as well?", "Yes, I'm trying to bulk up a little, I think I look too skinny.", "I would think working construction would keep you in pretty good shape. Are you sure you aren't being too hard on yourself?", "I have been working long hours and often just have enough time for a quick bite. How is work? Any cool projects you are working on?", "Yes! I've been working on a fascinating new AI project!  It's a lot of hard work and I see code in my sleep, but I'm excited about what the end results might look like!", "Do you think that some people like Elon Musk are right when they warn about the possible negative ramifications of AI in the future?", "Maybe in the far distant future.  At this point, I think AI can only help to make life easier.  It does open up some legal ramifications though, like with AI driven cars.", "Yes, I have read some rare reports of self driven cars getting into accidents and the legal fallout from those incidences."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like meat.", "I like reading and running.", "My favorite kind of books are science fiction.  I work as a programmer part time. I like my work. I enjoy my work as a programmer. I enjoy seeing a project through to completion. I am not my own boss.", "I live with my parent.", "I enjoy realist art.", "My work project is almost done. I thought about commemorating the game by commissioning a piece.", "I do not sing. I would like to hear your song on the radio. i listen to kpop. I listen when i work.  I think programming can be mundane.", "I like variety.", "My company is doing programming for a neuro game to help patients."], "partner_persona": ["I like meat. I have to use my money carefully.", "Chicken is my favorite meat.", "I like painting and composing music. I prefer to paint landscapes. I make art for money. I prefer realism.", "I'm not a big fan of science fiction.", "I do not have a boss. I am self-employed.", "I am also a musician. I would consider making art for a videogame.", "I have multiple avenues of revenue. Most of them are music based. I am currently prioritizing making money over my artistic freedom.", "I am sending my recording to an artist to see if they want to sing it. I write music for others. I do not sing.", "I write different styles of songs. i do not listen to K-pop. I can understand it would be good for work.", "Art for a game is out of my wheel house. I can start some drawings and ideas."], "current_conv": ["I am sending an email to you first thing in the morning with details about the game art.", "How fun! I look forward to seeing it and hopefully inspiration will strike. Any idea when the testing with the neuro patients will start?", "We are in the developing stage now for a few months so it might take a few more months.  What landscapes have you painted?", "All kinds. Mountains, the beach, fields. I guess I kind of stay away from desert landscapes. I'm glad you think landscapes will work for the game art. Do you get along pretty well with your team?", "They are pretty cool.  How do you like being self-employed?", "It has its pros and cons. I kind of like the flexibility that comes with being my own boss, but sometimes I miss the team aspect. And the tax paperwork is a pain in the behind. Sometimes I miss the simplicity of the W-2.", "I like my work but sometimes wish I were my own boss.", "Have you ever thought of doing any projects on your own? You kind of have to have that entrepreneurial spirit.", "I have thought about learning more about painting and selling some art but I need to develop my skill more.", "Totally understandable. Even I have my own hesitancy about doing a gallery show. I meant side projects in terms of programming. Is that a thing? Like getting together with other programmers on your own?", "That sounds like a great idea.  I haven't explored that option before and don't know how successful others have been. But, I have heard of app development which could be profitable.", "Just don't let your boss find out or use any of the company's IP! Maybe you can derive some inspiration form your science fiction reading?"], "history_conv": [["Do you like meat. I am a meat glutton.", "Sure, sometimes! As long as I can afford it.", "What is your favorite type of meat?", "Chicken, mostly. Its the cheapest and easiest to come by.", "Of course. Do you have an hobby at all?", "I do :) I like to paint and sometimes I compose music. You?", "When I am not reading, you will see me running.", "What kind of books do you like to read? And do you work?.", "I love sci fi and yes I m a programmer.", "Sci fi is nice sometimes, but I prefer tamer things myself. You like your job?", "Of course yes I have always loved it since I was living with my parent.", "Oh.. Is your boss nice? I dont work under anyone so im curious.", "I work part time and he has to be nice or else I will dump him.", "Haha, no mercy huh? I cant stand bosses at all, so im luckily self employed."], ["Have you ever sold one of your paintings?", "I have only sold a few as commissions. Nothing fancy though. I would like to have enough pieces to put on a show and maybe sell some there. How many do you think I should have for that?", "i would think maybe 10 no more than 12. I think you want enough to showcase your art but no to much to overwhelm anyone. What type of painting do you like to do?", "I like to paint landscapes, but all my commissions were for pets. I like to paint with realism. Nothing too fantasy based. I have a friend who wants me to paint Jurassic Park, but I don't like science fiction like you do.", "Oh wow, i love looking at realism type painting. I wish i could paint and i can understand not wanting to paint Jurassic park since your not into science fiction i'm pretty sure your friend will understand. What type of painting do you plan to do for your show?", "I haven't decided. Maybe I will do something music based since that's one of my other passions. How about you? What have you been programming lately?", "I have been working on the game for this big company. It's fun and can get stressful at time but all in all i'm enjoying it and can't wait to finish and see it come together", "Maybe one day I will paint the art for one of the games you code. You never know. Could be a fun way to team up.", "Oh that would be interesting and fun. You right you never know. i see you said your your own boss. Is painting your full time job are do you own another business?", "My music composition is my main source of income. I work freelance and do different things like add piano to an existing song and sometimes I even get to compose a jingle for a commercial!", "compose a jingle that sounds like so much phone. Do you plan on doing ore of that?", "I prefer to create real music, but if the price is right, I would create more jingles. I work with a tight budget."], ["The project we're working on at work is almost done! I know you said you prefer realism but I was thinking about commissioning a piece to commemorate us finishing the game. It might be a great way for you to break into the industry!", "I can give it a try. Maybe I will find I like it more then I thought. Give me the details of the game and what you would like and I will get it together for you.", "Absolutely! I will be able to get you the details by the end of the week. I'll email you. By the way, how did your last music recording go?", "It went great. It all the ends down and about to send it off to an artist to see if they want to sing it for me. I can't sing to save my life, but I will write for someone.", "me neither haha. That would be awesome to hear something you wrote on the radio!  I'm listening to kpop now. (It's my favorite station.) It helps me focus on my work. Programming can be pretty mundane. If you could choose, which genre would you prefer to hear your music with?", "I try to write a little of everything. This gives me more opinions of who can sing the songs I write and not just trying to stay in one. I never get into listening to kpop, but I can see why it would help with your work.", "That's cool. Variety is always good.", "What is your game about if you don't mind me asking?", "My company is currently working on programming for a neuro game. It's to help people with alzheimers and degeneration with memory. We will need different pictures for them. I thought of your art and thought you could potentially be a good fit for this one.", "Thank you for that. I'm sure I can figure something out. It is a little out of my wheel house, but I am sure I can do it. Just send me all the details and maybe an idea of what you are looking for.", "For sure! I'll get everything to you by end of week from corporate, but to give you a better sense of it now, we'll need different images for the memory games. Matching one image to a duplicate for example is something this game would do. Landscapes would be a perfect one for imagery and heightening senses for these patients. Finding objects within a painting, and so on.", "Just from that I will get started on rough drawing some ideas. I am excited. This isn't something I usually do, but looking forward to it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Destiny.", "I am 17. I play in the marching band at school.", "I like video games a little bit. I prefer to focus on my studies. I have a ps4. I don't know about alistar. I enjoy final fantasy, but my favorite games are any from Kingdom Hearts.", "I love english. I write when I have free time.", "I am in high school. I want to write a book. The book I want to write is a teenage love story set in a Japanese internment camp. I am writing a book. I am waiting to graduate.", "I have been to Japan and am interested in Japan.", "I also like Japanese culture's use of technology. I have to research Japanese internment and culture. I have traveled to Japan. I have friends in Japan who are telling me stories. I find documentaries about Japanese technology interesting.", "I would like to research anime. I would like to go back to Japan. I would like to be rich and travel.", "I want to be a professional writer.", "I am going to try to finish my book by the fall. I hope I do not get writer's block.", "I think my parents want me to get a stable job, such as being a doctor, lawyer, or engineer. I think having a stable job sounds boring."], "partner_persona": ["I am James the Gamer.", "I am in my thirties.", "My favorite video game is alistar. I just got a new laptop. I play console games. I am intrigued by Japan and it's culture, especially how it uses technology. I enjoy Japanese video games. My favorite is the Final Fantasy series. I have not played any Kingdom Hearts games and don't know much about them.", "I have seen some Japanese documentaries about technology.", "I do marketing for a game development studio. I do not watch anime anymore.", "I enjoy my job but sometimes the long hours and low wages gets to me.", "I had to show my parents I could support myself financially for them to be supportive."], "current_conv": ["Do you have a special someone you like to play video games with? Like a pet or a friend or partner?", "No, it's usually just me when I'm gaming. It gets lonely sometimes, but I still have fun", "Do that mean that you like to play single player games? Or do you like to play online with people you may not know?", "I'll play online sometimes with strangers, but it's not the same as playing with a bunch of buddies. I'd like to try and find some people though", "I would play with you! The only game I know we both like is kingdom hearts and unfortunately I do not think there is any multiplayer in that game.", "Hey, that would be great! Maybe we could find something else to play that would interest both of us! I know you're not too into gaming, but maybe we could find something that focuses on Japanese culture. There's lots of good anime games out there", "That would be amazing if we could find a game like that to play together. I only say I like video games a little bit because I am not very good and can't seem to get any better. I think it would be more fun if I was just playing with a friend though! ", "Great! Have you heard of Dragon Ball FighterZ? It's a multiplayer fighting gme that I love full of anime characters. I'd love to show you the ropes sometime!", "I have heard of that. But I would never beat anyone on that. People get really into fighting games right? I would never beat anyone", "To me, it's not so much about winning as it is just having fun! And I'm sure you'd get better over time. But, if you want, we can try to find something a bit more slowpaced to try out", "I think that would be better for now. I can get extremely competitive so I think I would just end up getting frustrated if I was not getting any better. But I promise I'll let you teach me someday ", "Ok, I'll do some research and see if I can find a game you'd like. I'll let you know what I find!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. What's your name?", "I am james the gamer.", "Oh. Hi, james. I am destiny. How old are you?", "I am in my thirties. What do you do for fun?", "I play in the marching band at my school. I am only 17.", "Oh really that's cook. Do you like video games.", "A little bit. But I prefer to focus on my studies.", "Okay that is good. My favorite game is alistar.", "I don't know that one. Want to tell me about it?", "Oh yeah it is an adventure game I just got a new laptop for it.", "Oh. Do you play console games too? I have a ps4.", "Of course I do. I do anything gamingg.", "That's cool. I usually just write when I have free time. I love english.", "I like that. Do you have any fun outdoor?"], ["I am thinking of writing a book when I graduate from school.", "What will your book be about?", "I'm thinking of writing a love story set a Japanese internment camp between two teenagers.", "Sounds very unique. Do you have an interest in Japan?", "I do! I've actually been once and would love to go again. Would you ever travel to Japan?", "Yes I am intrigued by the country and I love how technology is a part of everyday life there.", "Yes! I agree it's so cool how advanced their use of tech in every day society is. Do you enjoy any Japanese video games?", "My favorite is the final fantasy games. They are the best. What is your favorite game?", "I love the final fantasy games! But my personal favorite is probably any game from Kingdom Hearts", "Can't believe I have not played any of those games. What are they about?", "They actually feature a lot of Final Fantasy characters! I guess you could say it's Final Fantasy's cousin. It's about three kids on an island who get pulled into a world of Disney characters and a mysterious dark force they need to fight.", "OMG I need to play this game!"], ["I did some writing today. I think I might not even wait until I graduate to write my book!", "That sounds great, did you have to do a lot of research on the Japanese internment and Japanese culture?", "I did, but I also drew a lot from my travels there. I have kept in touch with some people I met, so I've been lucky to talk with them and get stories from them and their families and friends. Have you watched any of those Japanese documentaries about the technology over there? It's so interesting!", "I have but most of my exposure about Japan came from the anime and video games I played when I was young. But it is a fascinating culture. Are you planning to visit Japan anytime soon?", "Ah, that makes sense. I should do more research into anime, it could inspire the illustrations to my book! I would like to go back. It is really expensive though. Maybe if I get rich off my book I can go back all the time! So do you actually get paid to play games, or do you do something else for work?", "I play games but I also work for a game development studio but on the marketing side. Anime is a fascinating medium, and although I do not watch it anymore, I know it's gone global now.", "oh that's awesome! do you enjoy your career? i can only hope i make it as a professional writer some day, that would just be amazing. i feel like it's pretty rare to work in a field that is also a personal passion", "I really enjoy it but sometimes the grind can get to me. The gaming industry can be punishing with long hours and low wages for the talent involved. How long do you think it's going to take to finish your book?", "i see. i feel like that could potentially be the same problem when it comes to writing. but i will remain optimistic for now. i am thinking i may finish it by this fall! i have had a huge surge of inspiration and have just been pumping out the pages. i am crossing my fingers that i don't get stuck with writer's block", "How do your parents feel about it? Are they supportive or do they want you to concentrate on your studies instead?", "i think they would prefer for me to concentrate on my studies so i could ultimately go for something more stable - doctor, lawyer, engineer...and i do get that, but man that sounds so boring! if i can get one successful book out i can just show them that i can do it. how did your parents feel about you going into the gaming industry?", "They were cool with it as long as I was able to support myself financially. The job market can be fickle so I feel blessed that I have one that I enjoy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I will be travelling. I am 28.", "I like to travel. I have a new car.", "My hair is blue.", "I don't think my mom likes my blue hair.", "I change my hair color every few months. I want to dye my hair pink next time.", "I like highlights.", "I recommend starting hair dying with muted pastels.", "I started with muted pastels until I knew what I liked.", "I live away from the beach. I enjoy traveling.", "I have a supportive mom.", "It has been a while since I dyed my hair. I recently dyed my hair pink. I am going to dye my hair hot pink. I like to stand out."], "partner_persona": ["I love black sabbath.", "I love hamburgers.", "I have a job.", "I am not brave enough to dye my hair. I get highlights in my hair.", "I have light brown hair. I usually get blonde or reddish highlights. I am thinking of dying my hair a bright color.", "I like the idea of starting with muted pastels.", "I would like to dye my hair hot pink.", "I would like to dye my hair a bright color. I am nervous about standing out."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought any more about dying your hair a muted pastel color?", "I really want to do it, but haven't had the time with work. I am also worried about showing up to work and everyone judging me...I have never done anything different or crazy with my hair before. How are you liking your blue hair?", "Sometimes you've just got to make the time! Life can really drag you down but sometimes you've just got to grab it by the balls and tell it what's what! That's how I started dying my hair, and I've been loving it ever since!", "You are definitely motivating me to do it! Do you dye your own hair or do you have it professionally done?", "I've always had to dye my own hair. I couldn't afford it when I started, and I think I've gotten pretty good at it now. Just make sure you start with muted pastel colors. My friend really messed up her hair by trying to dye it a neon green color. It looked terrible for months!", "I am terrified of really screwing up my hair, but it is so expensive to get it done at a salon. I was thinking maybe you could help me if you are up for it?", "Hmm, yeah that's probably a good idea. Now that I think about it, I'm not sure why I didn't ask my friend to help me when I started dying my hair. Maybe it's because she messed up hers so badly that I got scared.", "Great! Are you free during the week to come to the store with me to buy all the right things and then go back to my place? I will pay you in all the pizza and beer haha.", "Oh yeah! That'll be a fun shopping trip. I need to pick up a few things myself. And I can never say no to pizza!", "Awesome! What do you need to go shopping for? What are your favorite pizza toppings?", "Well I need to get that hot pink hair dye, plus some bleach and a few other things. I really l like pineapple on my pizza. It goes really well with some type of salty meat, like ham or pepperoni. I hope you won't be mad!", "Wow, pineapple on pizza is so controversial...I must confess something. I have never tried it! Honestly it always seemed pretty disgusting to me but don't knock it til you try it, right? I may have to give it a taste."], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you have any time off or holidays coming up?", "I wish. I have to work six days, at least 12 hours a day for the next month, maybe more.", "I will be traveling over the easter weekend. I got a new dress and everything.", "Cool! Sounds like you are ready for a concert. I love black sabbath.", "I like all kinds of music that most people my age like, I'm twenty eight.", "Are you a vegetarian? I love hamburgers too much to give them up.", "I don't follow any special type of diet.", "I have been spending too much money on concerts and hamburgers. Also, consumed with work.", "I really enjoy traveling and am looking forward to putting miles on my new car.", "Where are you traveling for the easter holiday?", "I think my mom will faint when she sees my blue hair.", "Nice color, but where are you going for easter?"], ["My moms reaction to my blue hair was epic.", "Omg was she ok with it or not?", "She thought I did a good job but thats as far as she wanted to speak about it. I know shes not a fan though because at the grocery store whenever someone looks at it she immediately gets defensive.", "To be fair that is pretty funny. I think overtime she will get used to it probably just a shock to her system. You think you will keep it blue for a while?", "Ive been changing it around every few months or so. I might try pink next to show her a color she likes more.", "Oh that sounds great. I wish I could be braver to dye my hair a crazy color. I just stick to highlights.", "I like those and once mine has grown out a bit im probably going to go that route. What color highlights do you get?", "I usually get blonde and a reddish color i have light brown hair. Maybe next time i get my hair done i will just take the plunge and go for a bright all over color.", "There are also really fun muted pastels", "Oh maybe i will try that first then so it wont be too much of a shock to me. Thank you for the idea.", "I started with those and once I knew which colors worked best for me I got bolder. They tend to be temporary and are super easy to DIY.", "Thats an awesome way to start out so you can figure out what you actually like before doing something you regret."], ["I am thinking of traveling to the beach this summer and am trying to pick the perfect summer hair color for my travels.", "Do you care what your mom thinks when it comes to your hair color?", "No not really, she is pretty cool about that stuff and will support me no matter what even if she hates it!", "Well that is fantastic, some parents feel like they have a choice over things like that. Is it time to dye your hair pink or do you have to wait a few more weeks?", "Im going to do it tomorrow, I think I've waited long enough.  But Im conflicted now, hot pink or light pink?", "Hmmm, when you usually dye your hair do you like to stand out or be more muted? Personally I would go hot pink all day!", "Ok Ill go with hot pink to stand out, good idea!", "You are much braver than me though, I'm still thinking about dyeing my hair a bright color, but I have no idea what is stopping me"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a father who lost his job last year.  My father drives a blue dodge truck.", "I am Part-time plumber that I hope leads to full-time.  I want to return to school. I work hard.", "I enjoy summer sunsets.", "I love to eat poached eggs.  I eat poached eggs daily. I like basketball. I live in an apartment on the 32nd floor.", "I am a Bears fan. I have an old Bears jersey.", "I live with or near my dad. He has a truck he lets me use sometimes."], "partner_persona": ["I live with my Dad who lost his job. I live near a basketball court.", "I have older sisters in college.", "I like the bears sports team.", "I never had a poached egg. I eat scrambled eggs with cheese.", "I am moving to another state soon and started packing today. I have more than one sister. I moving for school. I am almost ready to leave. I am changing schools.", "I live near a basketball court.", "I want to try poached eggs. I also enjoy watching Bears' games.", "I live with my mom."], "current_conv": ["So when exactly do you have to move, and where are you moving to?", "I have to move in about 2 weeks. I am moving to Jacksonville, Fl. ", "Have you moved in the past before, or will this be the first time that you will be moving out of state?", "I have moved a lot before. I hate moving. Have you moved before?", "Of course, I moved a couple of times in the past. I don't like moving, as its always a hassle to pack and unpack all of my stuff. Although I would want to move out of my recent apartment, I hate living on the 32nd floor.", "Yes, the packing is really what gets me the most. You have to pack everything and then turn around and unpack everything. I would not like living on the 32nd floor either. Do you have an elevator at least?", "Yeah, but it is very slow. It takes a while for it to get to the ground floor, and it often breaks down. I have had to walk up to my floor a couple of times before, which was much too exhausting for me after a long day at work. ", "That is crazy and sounds horrible. Have you ever had to do it with gerocerys?", "Thankfully no, I would be unable to climb all those floors holding so many bags and items in my hand. I normally buy groceries on the weekends when I am off at work, and the elevator usually tends to break down during weekdays.", "So that is good that you have not had to do that. Hopefully you will never have to do that. I lived in an apartment before but I was lucky and was on the first floor.", "That does sound nice, I think living on the first floor would be ideal for me. Are you moving into a home or an apartment in Jacksonville.", "I am going to move in with family. They live in a home. I have to put some of my stuff in storage. Just until I find a good place of my own. Hopefully a house. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you doing today?", "Hi! I've been better. I have to move next month to a new state.", "I am so sorry to hear that. Do you love where you live now?", "Yes, but my dad lost his job as headmaster at my school..", "My dad lost his job last year. All he kept was his blue dodge truck.", "It's rough. But my school is so strict maybe this school will be looser.", "I bet it will. I want to go back to school. I'm a part-time plumber.", "What do you want to do? My sisters are all older then me and in college.", "Honestly? Watch sunsets during the summer. What job lets me do that?", "Park ranger? Lol do you like sports? I love the bears!", "I like sports, mostly basketball. I love eating poached eggs.", "I've never had a poached egg! I usually do scrambled with cheese.", "I eat them every morning on the balcony of my 32nd floor apartment.", "Oh wow I bet you have a great view!"], ["Did you start packing today?", "I did, thanks for asking! My dad and sisters all came to help me pack. How's your day been?", "My day is going well so far. I have to go to work later tonight, it is a big job and could lead to full time.", "I hope it does! You've been working so hard and deserve more.", "Thank you. I can finally go back to school if it pans out.  How are you doing with the school move?", "It worked out well. All that has to be done is finishing the packing and saying my goodbyes. We need to see each other before I leave!", "I'm glad to hear it is going good. Maybe we can get a game of hoops in this weekend.", "Come over Saturday morning! We can eat some eggs and then play a few games.", "That sounds great. I will teach you how to make poached eggs finally!  I think the Bears game is on as well.", "I would love to try one! They look so tasty. That sounds like a great day planned. I can't wait!", "Me too!! My dad said I can use his truck to help you move any big stuff if you need.", "Awesome! Does your dad wanna come over and catch up with my dad as well?"], ["Do you want my old Bears jersey?", "That would be amazing. Are you going to bring it Saturday when you come over?", "Sure! What time did you want me to come over?", "The game starts at 1, so maybe 9AM if you still want to get some games in before hand. Is your dad coming?", "9 sounds perfect! Yes, as far as I know. I'll double check though and let you know.", "Yeah, let me know, I'll have my mom cook breakfast for us, she has the weekend off. I know she won't mind.", "That sounds like a really good time. Anything I need to bring besides my bears jersey?", "Nope, that's good. You said you had to work tonight. What's the job?", "Someone is wanting to get a septic tank installed, so I have to go give a quick estimate.", "That's a big job! And pretty tough to estimate. Are you running soil samples?", "Yeah... it's gonna be quite the job if I get it but it'll be good money.", "I bet! How big a crew are you going to run?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 4 siblings. I'm from the USA.", "I go to the gym every once in a while.", "I have a Master's Degree.", "I eat meat.", "I liked listening to a group of rock-reggae musicians that came into the bar.", "I live on a houseboat full-time. I like living on the water. I like not having a yard to take care of.", "I have a houseboat with a leak. I have to stay at my sisters. Her kids talk a lot and make me crazy. I tried to make my sister's kids listen to rock reggae songs.", "I tend bar and I think shots and beer are easy to make. My bar has a jukebox. I would like to have a band.", "I miss my house boat.", "I fish."], "partner_persona": ["I have a boat.  I'm married.  My spouse is a lawyer. I work construction.", "I have three siblings.  I go to the gym everyday.", "I just bought a jeep.  I go to Full Sail University pursuing a Bachelors Degree.", "I only eat vegetables.", "My mother does arts and crafts.", "I produce music for musicians. I like producing different music, such as rock-reggea.", "I like going on my fishing boat with my spouse.", "I am studying early childhood development. I'm not sure if I like what I'm studying. I want to work with kids.", "I think reggae is an acquired taste.", "I like live music.", "I find the water relaxing. I fish on a boat and catch marlin an swordfish. It is hard but relaxing."], "current_conv": ["I am getting ready for work and I will ask my boss about live music.", "That would be a good idea.  And I could give you some tips on some really great bands that need a gig!  ", "What are some of your favorite bands?", "I was in the studio the other day with an unknown band called Rings of Saturn. I don't think they'll be unknown for very long.  They were terrific!  And a lot more professional than a lot of bands I produce for.", "That's really cool! You know all these people before they get famous, I'm jealous of your job. My job is a bit boring. I'd like to change my job soon.", "Do you talked to other musicians about forming a band? Or is it just something you're dreaming about?", "No I have not. I like listening to bands and live music, don't think I will ever form a band myself. How long have you been in the music industry? ", "Since I was 20. I was lucky to get an internship. It's a great industry. I really don't know why I'm going back to school now. I like kids, but I don't think I'd enjoy working in a daycare.", "Yes, it does sound like a fun and exciting industry I can only dream about having a band, my skills are not there yet. You can be a teacher and teach elementary schools, you might like it better than working in a daycare.", "Maybe, but I think I've gotten hooked by the music industry.  I've been there 5 years now, and have room to advance. I may even have a chance to produce for some big name talent in the next few years.  It's hard to give that up.", "I can imagine that. Just take it slow, you're still young and have time to figure out what you really like to do. ", "Yes. Teaching would be a big step down in pay too, but that's not that big a deal. My wife makes plenty of money so I have options and she is encouraging me to do whatever feels right."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you?", "Good thank you and how are you.", "I'm good. Lovely scenery. I'm on the water on my houseboat..", "Nice im married to a lawyer and we have a boat as well.", "What do you do for a living? I'm a bartender.", "I am a music producer and work construction. Where you from.", "The usa. Do you have any brothers or sisters? I have four.", "Yes I have three. I go to the gym every day how about you?", "I go every once in awhile. Where did you go to school?", "Full sail university. And just bought a jeep.", "Oh, cool. I graduated with a master's degree..", "Thats nice im going for my bachelors. Do you eat meat? I only eat vegetables.", "I do. What kind of work did your parents do?", "My mother is in crafts and arts. How about yours?"], ["At work while bartending I met a group of musicians that are shopping around to get their songs produced and I immediately thought of you.  I have their number if you are interested!", "What type of music do they do? I'm always looking for fresh new people", "They described themselves as sort of rock-reggae fusion band.  I listened to a few of their songs and thought they were pretty good, and unique.  Maybe your professional ear would have a different opinion though.", "rock-reggea that different and i like different. yes sure give me their number and we can see what can happen", "Okay, I'll have to go find it.  They wrote it down on a napkin for me because none of them seemed to have a phone or anything but cash and very tight jeans.", "okay great will whenever you find it just let me know. How is it having a houseboat? Do you live on it full time?", "Yes, that's my permanent home.  I like it.  I like being on and by the water, and it means I don't have a yard to worry about.  You said you and your spouse have a boat--what kind is it?", "It's just a little fishing boat nothing fancy. but we like it and we love go out together on it. But i always wouldn't a houseboat it just seem so fun to always leave on the water.", "Yes, for now it's my preference.  We'll see--someday I might come back and live on dry land.  So what are you studying for your bachelor's degree?", "I'm going for early childhood development but i'm not sure if that what i want anymore", "Oh, that's interesting.  Are you studying with the intent of eventually changing your field of work?  Or are you just getting the degree for the sake of it, or for the knowledge, or what?", "i want to work with kids so i thought it would be best to"], ["Ugh, my houseboat sprung a leak! It is in the process of being fixed but, for now, I'm having to live with one of my sisters and her kids are driving me crazy. All they do is talk, talk, talk.", "Ah, I learned in class that part of the reason kids at certain stages talk so much is that they are curious. Have you tried to tell them what you are passionate about?", "I trad to make them listen to some rock reggae songs i have in my list but they looked at me funny and just laughed", "Yes, Reggae is kind of an acquired taste, unless you grow up with it in Jamaica. When you are tending bar, is there a favorite drink you like to make?", "Nothing fancy at my bar. People mostly go in for beer and shots of whiskey. Simple and easy for me.", "That does make it easy. Does your bar specialize in reggae? I work with musicians from all types of music, and they are always looking for a gig.", "nothing specialized just what the customers pick from the jukebox.  That would be nice to have a live band play once in awhile in the bar.", "Yes, nothing beats live music from a talented band. You must miss your houseboat, what's it like being away from it?", "i missed it because it is home. I mean it was not much but it was home to me. People think it is just a boat but it more than a boat.", "I hear you. There's nothing more relaxing that being out on the water. Do you ever go fishing from it?", "I do, I just throw a line out and see what I catch. But I imaging it is not the same as fishing from a fishing boat like yours.", "Yes we like to go far out to sea and try to catch big fish like marlin or swordfish. It can be quite a workout, but also relaxing. What do you do to relax?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work to support my son.", "My son hates vegetables.  I like vegetables.", "I am teaching my son how to recycle. My son wants to throw everything away.", "I am a bookkeeper.", "My son is becoming more independent. I appreciate that my son is becoming environmentally conscious.", " I grow vegetables. I want to grow carrots, corn, peas, and broccoli.", "I watch movies and TV."], "partner_persona": ["I am a workaholic.  I am tired. I am 26 years old.  I have debt. I have a job as a software developer.", "I prefer meat over vegetables.", "I teach my son about recycling.", "I am concerned about the environment. I don't eat vegetables often.", "I want to plant strawberries, blueberries, and herbs. I have a son. I could do this with my son.", "I work first shift. I am off nights and weekends. I like to be busy. I spend time with my son."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any recommendations for environmentally-friendly volunteer opportunities?", "I'll tell you one thing I've done with my son that was fun.  If you live in a place where soda and beer cans and bottles have refunds, you can collect them off the road and elsewhere, return them for the refund, and then donate the money, or a portion of it, to an environmental charity.", "Oh wow, that is such a great idea! There is usually tons of litter downtown. Maybe we can make it a family activity. What got you and your son started with that?", "Someone raising money for a sports team knocked on my door and asked if I had any empty soda or beer cans he could have to raise money for their team.  I thought it was a neat idea, and started noticing all the empties on the side of the road and on benches and everywhere else, and thought that it could be a fun way to raise some money, or for my son to raise money and be active.  Sort of a treasure hunt, and one that cleans up town in the process.", "Wow that was a resourceful kid who introduced you to the idea. I love activities that have multiple purposes! It's like being able to multitask without diverting attention too much.", "Absolutely. And if you were to do it with your son, I think they'd naturally start to see that physical things can have uses even when they've already been used.  There's nothing more disgusting than a half-empty beer can that's been sitting in a ditch for a year, but when your son sees that that's worth money and can be reused, it might encourage their perspective on reusing and recycling things in general.", "I love your mindset about this. If we had more parents thinking like you, we'd have at least one part of the environmental crisis solved.", "Thank you!  I'm not sure I deserve that much credit but I do think it's a fun, productive activity.  Anything exciting happening with your bookkeeping in the last day or so?", "Whether it was your idea or not, you certainly deserve some credit for taking action on it. That's the part that counts! And as far as bookkeeping goes, I'm keeping the company financially afloat one ledger at a time, haha.", "Haha!  I'm sure they don't pay you nearly enough then!  Well, sometimes our jobs are our passion, and sometimes they're what allow us to pursue our passions.  I enjoy programming itself, but don't enjoy my job as much, particularly when I'm under time pressure.  So I find whatever joy I can outside of work.", "Yeah, jobs have this weird way of sucking the joy out of things, even if you love the work. Honestly, I think it's an issue of leadership and environment. Fix those two things and I guarantee most people would enjoy their jobs more.", "I think that's largely true.  If you were just doing bookkeeping for yourself, would you enjoy the actual process of doing it?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how are you today?", "I am doing well, thank you. And yourself?", "I am good thanks for asking, how was your day?", "It was tired. I am a bit of a workaholic. You?", "I have to work to support my son.", "It's tough. I'm trying to get out of debt, and I'm only 26!", "Oh my, yup must be tough at such an early age.", "You bet. What do you and your son like to do?", "I like eating vegetables and he hates them with a passion.", "Haha, like most kids. I like vegetables but prefer meat.", "I am now teaching him how to recycle stuff.", "That's great! Good for the economy!"], ["You mentioned you're a workaholic, do you enjoy your work?", "Sometimes I do, but sometimes my job as a software developer gets too stressful. Do you enjoy your job?", "To me my job is a job. It is a way to support my son", "I am sorry to hear that, I wish you would enjoy your job more. What is your job by the way?", "I am a bookkeeper for a small company", "Oh okay. Well, I'm glad you still have time even with your work to teach your son important things like recycling.", "It is funny, recycling comes so natural to me. But for others it does not. My son just wants to throw everything away.", "Yeah I understand, I was the exact same way when I was a kid. However, I have learned since then that it is good for the environment to recycle.", "yes I agree. So how is your job coming alone?", "It is paying well, so hopefully I will be able to get rid of all my debt soon.", "I know you will since your are such a workaholic.", "Thank you for the confidence."], ["My son is finally able to recycle things on his own.", "that's great! glad to have a few less things in the landfill!", "True, its been such a challenge to get him to do it, I'm glad he is starting to care about the environment", "what else do you guys do to help the enviroment?", "Well as you know I really like vegetables so I am trying to grow them on my own", "that's great. I've thought about a vegetable garden but I don't really eat them much. what are you wanting to grow?", "Oh a bunch of things, carrots, corn, peas, and maybe broccoli, but I dont know if i am being too optimistic", "I might plant some strawberries, blueberries, and herbs maybe. it could be a fun project for my son and I to do.", "Do you have time to do that being a software developer? You must be really busy!", "I still have my nights and weekends off. it's a normal 9-5 job.", "Oh ok, the movies and tv make me think that software developers are always making something, whether for themselves or their job", "I do like to keep busy, but I do have a son so I have to give myself downtime to spend time with him."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live somewhere where it snows. I eat pizza.", "I know several food recipes. I cook a lot. I am trying to eat less meat.", "I like to watch football.", "I like watching the Olympics.", "I haven't seen many Clint Eastwood movies. I watched Clint Eastwood's The Good, Bad, and Ugly and really liked it.", "I reccomend \"Tenant\" directed by Chris Nolan.", "I have never heard of Greenland.", "I like all types of movies except historical romance. I hated horror movies as a kid and now find them cliche."], "partner_persona": ["I live in California.", "I learned how to make homemade veggie pizza recently.", "I watch movies, I don't tend to watch sports.", "I don't eat meat on Fridays. I like to make veggie pizza with my kids on Fridays.", "I have kids. I have an eight-year-old and a ten-year-old. My kids are San Francisco 49ers fans. My family loves football. I am not a sports fan. I like old Clint Eastwood movies.", "I watched Greenland recently and found it interesting.", "I think \"Tenant\" sounds interesting.", "I am open to all genres except horror and gore."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any movies that you enjoy watching with your children?", "I am really enjoying the new disney movies. My kids and I really like Coco. Have you seen it? ", "Yes I have seen that one! It's really cute, I enjoyed it a lot. Pixar movies are always the best!", "Yes I agree. My husband and I are booked to see Tenet on the weekend. I hope it is good. I did enjoy the last Christopher Nolan movie I watch. Very thought provoking.", "Nice! I'm glad you're finally going to see it. I think you'll like it a lot. I guess that means I should take your suggestion and watch Greenland LOL. What was the last Christopher Nolan movie you watched?", "Yes, I think you would enjoy Greenland. The last one I watched was Dunkirk. I thought it was very well made. Have you seen it?", "I haven't seen that one yet. I will have to add it to the list. How are the kiddos doing?", "The kids are doing ok. We are looking into getting them into an after school sports club. The kids cannot agree on whether they want to do tennis or karate. ", "Yeah that's a pretty tough decision there - both good options! If it was me, I'd choose tennis!", "I wanted them to do tennis as it is outdoors and I think the fresh air is better. But my husband says that karate will help channel their excess energy. So it is a difficult choice. Thinking off trialing both and then letting the kids decide. Do you have kids?", "True, maybe they could do both! No kids for me yet...maybe one day!", "I wish you luck. It is nice to know our genes will live on for now. What about pets? Do you have any?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, anyone there?", "Hi! Yes, I am!", "Oh, hi. ^_^ so, how are you doing today?.", "Not too bad. Gorgeous weather in cali today! You?", "It's alright. Snow over here, but at least I have pizza..", "Oh man, I'm jealous. I started making homemade veggie pizza this year.", "We'll have to swap recipes sometime, that sounds delicious..", "Sounds great! It took a while to get my kids adjusted to veggies on it aha.", "How did you tackle brussel sprouts? I cook a lot since my mom retired.", "I roast brussel sprouts and then drizzle balsamic dressing over it. So good..", "That's an idea. I'll have to try it next weekend, after the game sunday.", "What sport are you watching?", "Football. My grandfather got me into it, and I've been hooked ever since..", "That's sweet-- I mostly just watch movies but my family loves football.."], ["I was indoors in the last five hours, and I looked up a couple of recipes online for some vegetarian dishes. I found a recipe for a veggie lasagna that I wanted to try out, would you also like to get the link to try it out as well?", "Only if it doesn't include eggplant or red/green peppers, I am allergic to them.", "Uh oh, I think this recipe has both! I guess that is back to the drawing board for me. What are your favorite vegetables to eat and cook with?", "I really like asparagus, it is one of my faves.  Aside from that, I like snow peas and snap peas.", "I do like asparagus as well. It tastes really good with bacon or prosciutto wrapped around it! Although, then it wouldn't be vegetarian. Do you eat meat or are you strictly plant-based?", "I eat plenty of meat, but on Friday's, me and the kids to meat free Fridays.  That's why we started doing veggie pizza.", "That is a great idea! I am trying to eat less meat myself. How old are your kids?", "I have a 8 year old and a 10 year old.  They are a big 49ers fans.", "Oh that is so nice! Are you a big sports fan yourself? I am not a huge sports fan but I like watching the Olympics.", "Not a big sports fans, but since my family loves football, I do watch a little.  I prefer old Client Eastwood movies.", "I can't say I am a huge Clint Eastwood fan, but I haven't really given him a chance. What movies would you recommend?", "Start with Hang 'em High, then perhaps something a bit more contemporary like Gran Torino.  Careful though Gran Torino does have some racial undertones, so might offend some."], ["I watched one of the Clint Eastwood movies you recommended, and I really liked it.", "Do you remember what it was called?", "The Good, Bad, and the Ugly. It was one of those iconic Spaghetti Westerns from the 60s I believe.", "Haha classic! I'm glad you enjoyed it! Now you'll have to recommend something for me to watch!", "I recently saw Tenet from Chris Nolan. It's a very ambitious film but has some flaws. Do you have any movies to recommend since you are such a film buff?", "I'll have to check that out. What's the basic storyline (no spoilers)? I watched Greenland recently and that was pretty interesting. Took some weird turns but ended up okay I guess.", "A guy is sent back in time to prevent World War 3. I never heard of Greenland. What is the basic plot?", "Thats super interesting. I'll definitely check that out then! Greenland was an apocalypse is coming type of movie.", "What genre of movies do you prefer watching? I can watch everything except historical romance.", "I'm pretty open to anything except horror and gore type movies. Can't stand to watch those and it seems like theres a lot of them out there lately.", "I used to hate horror as a kid because it scared the heck out of me, now I can watch them but many of them are too cliche", "haha! You must be desensitized to them! I don't want that kind of information in my brain! I have a vivid enough mind as it is."]]}
{"your_persona": ["Name is Shelby.", "I want to find a new house. I have a big family. Still lives with family at the beach.", "I love riding horses. I'm thinking of getting a horse. If I had a dog I would name him Jeff.", " Not a sports fan, but love living in the country.", "I like country music. I want to buy a house in the country. I think I just found the house I want to buy. I want to live out in the country. I want to live somewhere far away from people.", "I am working with a Realtor. I put in an offer on a house. I am nervous about competing offers.", "The house I am buying is in a rural area. I want to be away from people. I will miss convenient shopping and restaurants.", "I am moving to a small town. I will have to go far to get to convenient stores."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jessica.  I have blonde hair.", "I like eating pizza.", "I live with mom who is a nurse. I dont have a big family.", "Never ridden a horse, but like football.", "Never listened to country music.", "I used to live in rural Mississippi. I moved away from there for my career.", "I'm afraid of horses. My golden retriever is named Maggie and is nine years old.", "I now live in a less rural area. I like to be organized. I liked living in a rural area."], "current_conv": ["I'm thinking of getting a dog. How did Maggie like living in rural Mississippi?", "Oh my goodness,, she absolutely loved it! It's one thing I feel most about having moved out of the country. You have to get a dog at your new place! What breed of dog are you looking to get?", "That is so great to hear! I was thinking of getting a Goldendoodle since they don't shed. ", "Yes, Maggie is a purebred Golden Retriever and I love her so much but she sheds like crazy! I cannot wear black pants anymore because of her. Goldendoodles are so cute! My sister has an Aussiedoodle, and they are really cute as well.", "i hear that Goldendoodles are great dogs, but I wonder how they would get along with a horse if I get one. ", "Hmm, I think they might get along just fine if you introduce them at a young age. I am basing this off of those Budweiser commercials from years ago with the puppies and the horses haha, did you ever see those?", "Oh, yes I have! Those were the days of the great commercials, haha! If I get a horse you should come down and ride it! I bet you would enjoy riding your first horse!", "That would be so much fun! Just tell me when and I'll be there. I can bring Maggie too. Maybe by then you will have your puppy!", "Yes, I think we have a great plan forming! Maybe some time in the summer?", "That would be great, and the weather will hopefully be ideal. Is your family excited for the move to the country?", "They are thrilled to finally move to the country side. They love to live in a quiet area and the country is the perfect option for them.", "That's amazing. My visit to your new home may make me want to move back to the country!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm shelby, nice to meet you!", "Hi shelby, I'm jessica! What are you up to right now?", "Not much, I'm just looking at websites, to find a new house. You?", "I just finished meeting some clients, so now im on lunch break and eating pizza :).", "Awesome, I'm looking for something bigger, to accommodate my big family.", "Nice! I wish I had a big family. I only live with my mom, a nurse.", "Small families are great, too! I live with my parents still, at the beach.", "Cool! Thats awesome. :) do you have any hobbies?", "I love riding horses, I think they're awesome, you?", "Ive never ridden a horse so thats awesome! I mostly just watch sports, like football.", "I'm not much of a sports fan, I love the country though.", "Country music? Ppl think im into that because im blonde, but ive never listened!", "Yes, and country living, I'm thinking of buying my house in the country. :).", "I heard it's beautiful in the country :) I hope you enjoy yourself!"], ["I found a house that I really want!", "Congratulations. Was it out in the country like you were hoping/", "Yes, I found a lovely big house with lots of land. Perfect for y family.", "Very cool. Are you thinking about homesteading or just having land to live on and away from others?", "I think just having the land to stay away from everyone else at the moment. How about you? Have you ever lived in the country?", "Yes, I used to live in the middle of nowhere in Mississippi. I loved the space and freedom out there. But I wanted to make more moves in my career so I moved.", "That can be the problem, not always the career opportunities away from the cities. If I get a horse you will have to come and learn to ride.", "Im scared of horses. Too big for me. I prefer my Golden Retriever.", "That's a shame. Riding is a great way to feel part of the country. Do you have a dog or is it something you want in the future?", "I have a golden retriever named maggie. Shes nine years old.", "Cool name. If i had a dog I would call him Jeff.", "Jeff is a good name too. Very popular these days."], ["I just got off the phone with the realtor, and I've officially made an offer on that house!", "That's so exciting!! Any time frame of when you may hear something?", "We hope to hear something in the next 72 hours. Fingers crossed! The housing market is just so hot right now, I'm afraid there will be competing offers.", "Even if there is, you got this! I'm crossing my fingers for you!", "I think I'm going to start packing! You used to live in a rural area. Is the place you live now more urband?", "A little more yeah, nowhere as rural as miss. was. Yes, def start packing! Even if you by chance don't get this house if you know you're gonna be moving soon, packing ahead always helps!", "Now that things are getting closer, I wonder what it's going to be like, living out in the middle of nowhere.", "I think you'll like it. To be honest, I prefer it.", "I know I want to be out away from people, but I also like eating out and shopping. It's going to be a big adjustment.", "how far out is the house from the closest town?", "The house is only about 5 minutes to the closest town, but that town only has one diner that closes at 2PM and a feed store. The nearest chain store is an hour away.", "Oh wow! Yeah, that will be quite the adjustment. Are you sure you want to move out that far?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to go hiking.", "I like sports. I play soccer.", "I don't vote.", "I have a friend named dave.", "I had a history exam last week. My history teacher is bad and boring.", "I get B's and C's. I get A's in gym.", "My sister got good grades and is a teacher. I hope I get a soccer scholarship."], "partner_persona": ["I am studying sports medicine in college. I also play soccer. My mother runs the school I attend.", "I don't have any siblings.", "I have not yet voted.", "I am interested in attending a soccer game. i reall like soccer.", "I have an exam. My exam was for sport medicine. I have had A's all year. I am almost done with school.", "I study really hard. I want to get a good job."], "current_conv": ["Are you taking any break from studying today to relax?", "Relax? Haha I don't have time to relax. I need to keep up my A streak.", "I wish I was as motivated as you! The only thing I can stick with long enough to get an A is gym. At least you understand what thats like since you're studying sport medicine- sports is so much more fun than studying!", "If I was good enough I would play soccer as a career, but at least with sports medicine I can stay around it. And any A's are great btw. Just got to work harder at the others.", "Well, I hope you remember to take a break when you need it! its important to pace yourself otherwise you might crash and burn. At least you're near the finish line!", "I can't fail. I am the only child and my mom runs the school. She tells me that anything less than an A will embarrass her, the school and the family.", "That kind of pressure can really weigh on a person. I'm sure that your mom would rather have a child who is happy and stable rather than one who worked too hard and fell apart. Trust me, you don't want to be in that position where you didn't get to relax and you also collapsed before you could get a good job!", "You say that, but you have not met my mother. She is incredibly strict and you do not want to get on her bad side. I'm just glad she came around to letting me do sports medicine", "That sucks! I hope you manage to get a break from her strictness and focus on yourself. You are an adult after all and after a certain point we got to prioritize our own happiness and peace of mind!", "I know this sounds pretty bad, but I am so ready to get away from this school and be out of her grips", "No it doesn't sound bad at all! I totally would feel the exact same way. I'm so happy for you that you're nearing the end. Its pretty impressive that you've managed to get good grades this whole time - now you only have the home stretch left!", "That's true and I did it all on my own. So my mother doesn't have anything over me. I love her, but I think I need to tell her how she has made me feel all these years someday soon."], "history_conv": [["Hi, there! How are you today?", "I am doing great today, on my way to college right now. How about you?", "College, very cool. I'm going hiking, myself. What are you studying?", "Studying sports medicine, just incase I stop playin soccer.", "My neighbor john -- fantastic guy -- love him -- got kicked playing and can't play anymore.", "Looking for a job at school is hard, but lucky enough my mother runs the school.", "Lucky! Sports are great - they really show how all can work equally..", "Yea I play soccer since I dont have any sibling.", "Good way to socialize. Did you vote? I never vote.", "No I didnt have a chance to vote yet. Did you?", "No, I never vote. I'm a kind enough person, but the candidates are a bunch of jerks.", "Yea the candidates lately has not been good enough to vote on.", "Well, it's been great talking to you! Have a great day!", "Have a great day! Be safe hiking."], ["I just finished my hike a couple of minutes ago, and I heard from a friend that they're hosting a soccer game this Saturday. I was wondering if you were interested in joining, it seems like fun and its probably not going to be too serious.", "How was your hike? Good I hope! Yes, that sounds great! I'd love to join in the fun.", "it was a 5 mile hike and the trail was not managed well so it was rough but the view was great.  Im hoping they fix the trail though it wasnt safe", "Oh no! That's disappointing to hear. Glad you made it back out safe tho!", "I think it was all the bad weather.  Lots of trees down on the paths and a lot of loose rocks.  Dave went with and he twisted his ankle.", "It def. seems that way. I hope he's okay! Hopefully they'll get the path cleared for next time or either rope the path off till further notice.", "Hes gonna be fine.  He still wants to play saturday too if its not sore", "good deal! What time are we playing Saturday?", "3pm at the park.  That way we can have lunch settle so nobody pukes.", "Yea...we don't need that. That sounds like a good time.", "Make sure you bring plenty of water, they fountain there has a funny taste", "thanks for letting me know! I can't handle funny tasting water, lol Should I bring a cooler with bottled water for everybody?"], ["I am a little bit sore, but ready to get back on the field! maybe you can give me some tips from your sports medicine training to help my sore muscles!", "Try to go between ice and heat. And make sure to not rest them to long as then it will be sore every single time that you play. Rest a day and then get going again. It will work its self out.", "Sounds good!  Will hiking make it worse?  Dave and I are supposed to go on a trail this weekend, but I don't want to get too sore and not be able to play.", "No, that will be find. Just don't push yourself to much if it starts to get to much then make sure you rest. You don't want to hurt yourself.", "No, definitely not.  Maybe you can make it out to one of my games sometime?", "I would love that. Hopefully I can make it this weekend. I have an exam on Friday and then hopefully I can make it there before your game.", "Which exam?  I had a history test last week and it was horrible.  I wish my teacher was better, or at least made the topic interesting.  It's so boring in his class that I have a hard time paying attention.", "It is for my sport medicine. It is the last one of the class I have made A's all year so hopefully I can pass this one also and I'll be done.", "Oh nice!  I wish that I could get all A's.  I'm more of a B and occasional C student.  The only guaranteed A I have is in gym, haha", "I think everyone gets an A in gym. I have studied really hard to get those As I want to pass with good grades. I figure it would help me get a good job afterwards.", "I'm sure it will.  My sister got good grades in school and ended up with a great teaching job.  I know it's not the same, but it definitely helped her.  I still am hoping that I can get a soccer scholarship, because there's no way that I'll get one for my academics.", "Just keep at it and try your hardest. You never know you might surprise yourself"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in the U.S.", "I enjoy traveling to Europe. I have a travel blog.", "I have many pets. I was once a veterinarian.", "I am a professional singer. I like to cook and take care of my animals for fun. I mostly sing in theaters.", "I am a vegan. I cook with plant based meats. I can't tell the difference between real and plant based chicken nuggets. I eat a variety of plants to get nutrients.  I drink protein shakes.  I drink fresh squeezed fruit juice.", "I learned to cook when I was younger.", "I sing for an audience. I feel scared when I sing on stage. I have been reviewed for my performance. I sang at the Hollywood Bowl with an orchestra.", "I really like singing."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the U.S.", "I work for the government in public services.", "I have a pet lizard named Izzy.", "I like to skydive. I feel fear when I sky dive.", "I eat both meat and plants. I do not know much about plant based meats.", "I want to make some changes to my diet to benefit the environment.  I am willing to try plant based meats.  I am worried that plant based meats will not give off enough energy for me.", "I am active on a daily basis.", "I am set in my ways.", "I never got involved with cooking when I was younger.  I don't experiment much with food.  I hardly ever lean new recipes or try new foods.", "I have been to Florida.", "I watched the LA Phil performance at the Hollywood Bowl."], "current_conv": ["I found a new vegan recipe that I think you might like. Can I share it with you?", "Sure!  As long as there's no tofu in it! I hate tofu!", "Ha ha; you can probably substitute black beans for the tofu then. Great source of protein! Important for you since you're so active.", "Right.  I had a great idea though for a new business.  Meat-based plants!  Now that's a vegan diet I could get behind!   I still feel the need for that complete protein.", "Yeah, it can definitely be a tough transition. Perhaps just start experimenting with simpler aspects of a recipe.", "Maybe I can just ease away from animal protein slowly.  ", "Yeah, exactly. Black beans, peas, etc. I don't know how you feel about carbs. Cooking is definitely one of those things that you have to do regularly to build confidence. What kind of activity do you do?", "Well, whenever I'm going to skydive, I run to the airfield and back.  That's about 10 miles each way.", "Oh, wow. I guess the flight gives you time to catch your breath. How many jumps have you done?", "38 so far. Have you been performing much lately?", "Not since the last time, but I'm waiting for my agent to get back to me on some prospective gigs. Maybe I'll get one with the LA Phil and you can see me!", "That would be great!  Especially at the Hollywood Bowl!"], "history_conv": [["How are you doing on this great day?.", "Hi, there! I'm very well, and you? Do you live in the us as well?", "Yes, but I really enjoy travelling. What do you do?.", "I'm working in public services, so for the government. Do you have a favourite travel destination?", "Anywhere abroad, especially europe. I blog about where I travel..", "Interesting. Do you have a pet?", "Yes. I have many animals. I was once a veterinarian. How about you?.", "I've got a pet lizard, lizzy! What do you do for fun?", "I cook and take care of my animals. Make my living by singing..", "Ex vet singing, that's varied! In theatres or in bars?", "Mostly theaters. What are your hobbies?.", "I enjoy skydiving, it's great fun.", "Do you have a special diet? I like to eat vegan..", "No, I'm an omnivore. Do you have a favourite place to hang out?"], ["I found the greatest vegan chicken product the other day! Have you ever heard of plant-based meats?", "I have heard of them, but I do not know much about them if I am totally honest. What did you cook with it?", "You can bread them up and fry them as chicken nuggets. They also go well with a saucy pasta, or in a curry. The possibilities are endless! Would you be interested in trying them out, or do you think you'll stick with regular chicken?", "I will probably just stick with regular chicken, but I do need to make some changes with my diet in order to beenfit the environment. Could you tell the difference in taste between the plant-based chicken and normal chicken?", "Plant-based chicken is less stringy, and a bit different in texture. Some brands taste more like tofu than real chicken. I'd say chicken nuggets are a gentle introduction to plant-based foods, though. You can't really tell the difference, since it's all ground up anyways.", "Oh, I really didn't know that. Maybe, after your explanation, I will give plant-based meats a try after all. I don't know, I just feel like they won't give the same amount of energy as normal meats do. I am so active on a daily basis that I don't want to be feeling tired as a result of my dietary choices. Have you found that it affects your energy levels at all? Or, atleast, did it initially?", "A little bit. I drink more fresh-squeezed fruit juice and protein shakes to compensate. I also make sure to eat a greater variety of plants, so that I can get all the nutrients I need.", "You seem to be very well-versed in these types of things. I really should listen to you more, I guess I am just set in my ways with a lot of things. Food being one of them. When you were younger, did you parents teach you how to cook?", "I did learn to cook when I was younger, but I didn't become a vegan until later. I guess those cooking skills are very much transferrable, though.", "You see, when I was younger, I never really got involved with the cooking in my house and I believe that is probably the reason why I don't experiment much with my foods. I hardly ever learn new recipes or try new foods. So, in some way, I believe my lack of interest is as a result of my childhood. What caused you to become vegan?"], ["I forgot to ask, what are your favorite places to skydive?", "Florida is a great place, as they have so many airports!", "It must be thrilling!  Sometimes when I get on stage to sing, it feels like I've just jumped out of an airplane!", "Haha that's a great analogy! The scariest thing about skydiving is wondering whether or not the chute will open!", "The scariest thing about being on stage is wondering if a tomato will knock you into the orchestra pit!  But at least if your chute fails no one will right bad reviews about your performance! haha", "Haha I suppose I'd still end up in the papers, but I wouldn't be around to read them! What's the scariest performance experience you've had?", "It was probably at the Hollywood Bowl.  So many people watching.  And because of the acoustics there wasn't even a microphone to hide behind. I felt naked!", "Whoa you performed there? That's an amazing achievement! I once saw the LA Phil play there. I can only imagine how scary that was!", "Yes, but it was the greatest high ever when the performance was over.  It's probably a lot like how you feel after you've finished a dive, I bet!", "Yes, it's a huge rush! Did you perform with a pianist or with a full orchestra?", "It was with a full orchestra. So at least I wasn't up there all alone.", "Wow, I'd love to hear you sing with an orchestra. Did they record the performance?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 3 kids.", "I work in an office full time.", "I live in a place where we've had a lot of bad weather.", "I grew up with siblings. I have friends that were only children.", "I would find it hard to only have one child. I find parenting tough but fun.", "I had a mom who mostly read books.", "My children do not like staying inside for long periods of time. I have had bad weather recently.", "I like to be outside and active with my family."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have kids. I only have a dad. I don't have siblings.", "I am a part time plumber.", "I used to play outside with my mum.", "I am not sure I would be able to cope if I had children.", "My mom passed away from breast cancer when I was six years old. I raise awareness and funds for a cure for breast cancer.", "I run a 5k per month."], "current_conv": ["How did you work up to running marathons?", "I started taking daily walks then within a week or so I started jogging. It just progressed from there over the next year. ", "Nice! Did you first start with your mom and eventually doing 5ks in mind or did that happen as a result?", "My mom and I would walk around the neighborhood at first. After I started running, I would still go for a walk with her in the evenings. I heard about the breast cancer run after she passed and felt it would be a nice way to honor her memory.", "And you have made so much money. That really is incredible! You inspired me to start walking a bit more. Sometimes the kids join me, but I really do love the solitude when I go alone.", "I'm not sure I could handle a walk with kids. What else do you guys do for outdoor fun?", "Riding bikes is their favorite thing. I join them sometimes, but I swear it is possible to forget how to ride a bike! hahaha", "Lol! I haven't been on a bike since I was 12. Are there nice areas to ride or have they been damaged by the recent bad weather?", "There are still some trees down, but most of the trails have been cleaned up, so that is nice. We were on a walk the other day and all my kids jumped over this fallen tree and it took me like 5 minutes to crawl over it while they TOOK PHOTOS OF ME! ", "Haha! I'm not sure there is any way to age gracefully. Did they post them anywhere?", "Makes me happy to hear you say that since you can do 5ks! They did not that I know of...better not have. Maybe you made the right call to not have kids. I kid...kinda.", "I'm sure seeing me run isn't the prettiest site in the world. As for kids, it wouldn't be a good decision to bring them into the world if I didn't feel I could be a good parent. "], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you doing?", "I'm good how are you?", "I'm great thanks, bit tired from the kids!", "Oh, how many kids do you have?", "3 kids, and a full time job so I'm pretty busy all the time! How bout you?", "No kids. More time to watch the sunsets during summer!", "Love it! How about other family?", "Just my dad. Haven't seen him in a bit with his blue dodge truck.", "Ah ok. I've got a few siblings. Is it a good truck?", "It runs. I don't know much about it. What kind of work do you do?", "Just office stuff. Nothing very exciting. How about you?", "Part time plumber. Looking for something better! Crappy job, haha!"], ["My kids were a handful today.", "Were they being bad or just too much energy?", "Yes, we had a really good weather day and they were all over the place. So much energy after all the bad weather thats been keeping us inside.", "At least they could burn it off outside and they had each other to play with. My mum had to deal with me alone.", "Thats really hard too. I grew up with siblings but I had friends that were the only child and theres a lot of weight put on you.", "As the parent you would also need to be a kid so that you can play with them. That would be very hard.", "I agree. That would be very difficult for me to get my head around. What kind of stuff would you two do together.", "My mum would always play games with me and run around outside. She must have been exhausted all the time.", "Thats so nice of her. She did a good job. Mine just stayed in a book most of the time.", "I am not sure how I will cope if I ever have children, it all sounds very hard.", "Its pretty tough but like any job you get used to it and figure a schedule out. And unlike a job you can actually have fun with it.", "Yes I guess you are right but it must be very strange having 3 smaller versions of yourself running around?"], ["How old were you when your mum passed away? I know you mentioned you only have a dad now.", "I was six years old. She had breast cancer that spread. I didn't understand it at the time, but I am an avid 5k runner now raising awareness and funds for a cure because of it. I guess i can thank you for keeping me active now. Silver lining, right?", "that's awesome to have a cause you are supporting. I'm sorry to hear about your mom though. how many marathons have you run?", "Thank you. It was long ago but I think of her often. I run one 5k per month. Not quite a marathon but at times it feels like it haha. Once we raised $100,000. The company I work for helped with that one. They are great.", "that is really awesome. I'm not sure if I'd have the energy for that much running.", "Thanks. It gets better over time. I'm sure you do a lot more running around than you think with your kiddos!", "True, they do like to keep me going.", "You mentioned you've had a lot of bad weather lately? Hopefully that's gotten better?", "we are coming up on some nice weather in a couple days. I can't wait. these kids don't like being cooped up in the house.", "I bet not! Kids are full of energy for sure! I'm glad to hear that though. I wouldn't be able to stay cooped up either! What type of activities do you do as a family when the weather is good?", "we like to ride bikes, play at the park, go for hikes, and just run around the yard.", "Sounds fun. What about you? (Apart from kids)"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to hike.", "I don't have kids. I have a neighbor named John.", "I don't have a job right now. I quit my previous job. I wish I could work with cars.", "I don't like to drink.", "I am interested in learning about working on cars as a field of work."], "partner_persona": ["I have a job.", "I don't like going outdoors. I like to stay at home.", "I am about to be a dad.", "I work in a garage. I like to work on cars. I know a lot about cars.", "I like tacos. I have started to put fruit in my tacos, like apples and kiwi.", "I think adding fruit to tacos is a new recipe. I have not tried ordering it at a restaurant.", "I want to make tacos for my kids.", "I have a pregnant wife who does not want too many visitors. I am willing to have people come to my garage."], "current_conv": ["When do you think your wife will have the baby?", "She's due the end of July. We have a bet going on the actual date. I guessed July 20th. Her due date is the 23rd", "Oh, that's so soon! Do you know the gender, or are you waiting to be surprised?", "It's a boy.  We didn't want to do one of those crazy gender reveals that burns down a whole forest. We just asked the doctor.lol", "Lol, yeah, that was probably smart of you. Do you have a name picked out for him yet?", "Yes, his name is Greyson. I'm excited but super nervous. ", "That's a great name! I don't have any kids myself, so I can't give a lot of advice, but I know you don't have to be nervous. Your kid's gonna love you!", "Yeah, I'm not looking forward to the lack of sleep though. That turns me into a baby and there's only room for one of us. Do you want kids someday?", "I know the lack of sleep thing can be a big pain for new parents, but it'll all be worth it. I might want kids, it just depends if I find the right person to have them with", "Yeah, the right person makes all the difference.  Any luck with the job hunt?", "Nothing yet. I'm going from garage to garage trying to find work, but it seems like word got out around here that I up and quit my last job, so no one wants to hire me. I might have to go elsewhere to find work", "Maybe you can start doing side jobs and save up to start your own shop and build from there."], "history_conv": [["Peace! How are you?", "Hi I'm ok getting ready for work you?", "Putting on my hiking boots and heading into the woods. You like to hike?", "Not really I prefer to stay home and drink. Do u have kids?", "I am waiting for my neighbor john to decide he wants to make babies with me.", "Haha I see I will be a dad soon.", "I hope we make a beautiful world of equal opportunity for your kid.", "Hopefully. I work in a garage what do u do for work?", "I quit my job becasue my boss was mean. I hate mean people.", "Do u like to drink? It runs in my family.", "Not much. It makes people mean, and I'm not mean.", "True some people do get mean.", "Do you have hobbies other than drinking, I mean.", "Besides working on cars not many how bout u?"], ["Did you work on any cool cars today?", "Not today! I mostly worked on Toyotas this week. But I do have a vintage Ferrari coming in next week.", "that sounds sweet. I wished I was mechanically inclined and could work on cars. That would be a nice job to have.", "I could definitely give you pointers here and there! Honestly, just knowing how to change your oil, take care of tires, and refill your fluids goes a long way.", "My neighbor John changes my oil. That tells you how much I know about cars.", "John seems like a great guy! Do you guys ever hang out?", "not really, he has kids and I don't. So we have nothing really to do together.", "Well, I'm sure if he ever gets a free moment you guys could go out for tacos or a hike or something. Have you hiked anywhere cool recently?", "just local trails. So how are you feeling about being a new Dad?", "I'm both super scared and super psyched at the same time. Everything is about to change and I have no idea what to expect", "I imaging it changes a lot. But you'll be fine because father instincts will kick in.", "I certainly hope so. All the diapers will be worth it when I can teach how to do all the things I enjoy!"], ["I remember you mentioning you might like tacos. Would you want to grab some tonight and we could talk about cars? I am interested in that field of work!", "Hey I would be glad to. Just come over and we can go to that new place. Tacos and cars, sounds like a new Youtube show, lol", "Yeah, I'm sure it'll be a blast! What's your favorite kind of taco?", "I discovered a new ingredient for tacos, fruit. I like putting a slices of apple or kiwi in it. You have the sweetness and the spiciness together.", "You are a madman! But that might just be crazy enough to work. Have you ever tried to order tacos in a restaurant like that?", "no I haven't. I do not think many restaurants have apples or kiwis in the first place. I feel like I created a new taco.", "I can't imagine the look on their faces if you tried to order that. I think we should do it just for the laugh. But I'd be happy to try them at your place some time too.", "i would be happy to cook them for you. You know this would be great food for kids. I cannot wait until i cook one for mine.", "Haha, well I guess I'll find out when I try them. Hey, this just now came to me. But do you mind if I invite my neighbor, John, too? He's also pretty interested in cars and he really likes experimenting with food too. I think he'd be a good addition.", "well that would be rough on my pregnant wife to have others over. It would probably best to wait. Maybe you two can come down to my garage and can show you first hand on how to work on cars.", "Yeah, I meant for the trip to the taco place. We wouldn't want to impose on you at home with all that you have going on there right now.", "oh the trip he is glad to come. He can buy the beer, I mean he can buy me a beer and you a coke."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was captain of my high school football team.", "I was a B student. I practiced karate. I am a lifeguard. I am athletic.", "I want to propose to my girlfriend at the movie theatre. I met my girlfriend at a movie theater. My girlfriend does not like sappy movies. I originally planned on proposing at the beach.", "I am not a reader. I like movies.", "I read the Harry Potter books. I think the books are better than the movies.", "I have not had the time or money to go to Universal Studies."], "partner_persona": ["Track is my favorite sport, I won my last track meet.", "I have a good mind and am a hard working student.", "I liked \"50 First Dates\" and \"Wedding Singer\".", "English is my favorite class. I love to read and write. I am reading a fiction book that is viral on social media.", "I sometimes do not like when books are made into movies.", "I think the Harry Potter movies are long. I like the franchise.", "I live near universal. I have a pass. I have a wand. I have been to Disneyworld in Orlando."], "current_conv": ["I have made a final decision on an engagement ring for my girlfriend.", "Oh my goodness! That is such great news! What color is the ring? White gold?", "So I told her sister about the proposal, and she actually shared her \"Pinterest\" board with me. I didn't even know that was a thing! But she had pictures of her dream rings, so that helped a lot. It is a solitaire on a yellow band, but with little diamonds on the band.", "oh great! I am glad you were able to find the style that she wanted. When do you plan on proposing?", "Well the ring is being custom made, so I need to wait for that. It might be a couple of months. I think she has a feeling I will propose over the Christmas holidays for some reason, so she will be really surprised.", "That is the best time of year to propose! I really hope that you can keep it a secret!", "I know, me too. It will be so hard! Oh by the way, we have decided to save up to go on a trip to Universal Studios!", "That will be such an amazing trip! Have you ever before? ", "Never! I am really excited. I might have to get another part time job to save up haha, but it will be worth it! It will be nice to go on a fun trip before we get into the craziness of getting married, getting a house, having kids...am I getting ahead of myself? lol", "I think you will have such a great experience! They have such great rides and food. The cost is worth it for sure. ", "Yes, I will need to get all of the recommendations from you. What is the best food you had there?", "The have massive footlong corn dogs! You have to try them! Write it down so you don't forget."], "history_conv": [["Hi there do you like sports.", "Oh yes. Track is my favorite. As a matter of fact I won my race at our last meet.", "Nice I was captain of my high school football team.", "How are your grades? I know that sports and study make difficult companions.", "Yeah I was a b student luckily but practicing karate helped me keep my mind focused.", "I have been luckily blessed with a good mind and through hard work been an a student.", "Well my girlfriend got me a job as a lifeguard since I am athletically inclined.", "Sounds like you are quite the athlete.", "Well thank you I wanna propose on the beach to her next week.", "Maybe you could setup something at a lifeguard station with candles and such. That would be unique.", "Well I plan on having a projector play her favorite horror movie on the back of one.", "That's quite a girl who would want to get engaged during a horror movie!", "We met when she was working at the movie theater and only the classic ones.", "Maybe you could play the first horror movie you both saw together."], ["I had an idea for my proposal, can I run it by you?", "sure!  what's the plan?", "I am going to take my girlfriend to a movie at the theater we first met at. I am going to hide the ring in a bucket of popcorn. She will find the ring in the bucket and I will get down on one knee and propose. What do you think?", "That sounds great! is the ring going to be in a box, or loos in the bucket  I dont want her to eat it by mistake.", "LOL. I guess you are right! I should put the ring in a box. I guess that's why you are a good student and I am only getting Bs!", "It still a great plan!  What movie are you thinking of or can you get them to play a specific movie", "Something romantic but also funny! She can't stand anything too sappy. Do you have any suggestions?", "50 first dates or the weeding singer.  Both of those are good choices.  Or Lord of the rings because of the ring", "Maybe I should go back to my original plan of proposing on the beach. I wonder if I can set up a projector and watch a movie there. Those are great suggestions. I knew you'd have good ideas, Smartypants!", "A beach proposal sounds good too!  What beach?"], ["What courses are your favorites? Have you come across anything especially interesting since we last talked?", "i think english is my favorite course! i love reading and writing. I came across this great book the other week. I haven't finished yet, but it's really good so far!", "Oh wow, I'm not much of a reader, more of a movie guy. What kind of book is it? You think I'd like it?", "it's a fiction book. it's going a bit viral on social media lately, it's meant to be quite emotional. maybe they'll make it a movie soon! i think you'd like it", "Oh if it's a viral book there is definitely a movie deal in the works. When it comes out we can go see it and you can tell me how much better the book was.", "haha, deal. there is a part of me that doesn't like when books turn into movies. it never really lives up to the original body of work. but maybe that's the hipster in me talking", "I hear that a lot, I actually read the harry potter books and I would have to agree. The books are much better, but if they put that much detail into the movie it would be so long!", "true! those movies are long enough as is. i love the harry potter franchise though. i was so glad when they opened harry potter world at Universal Studios!", "You've been? I've always wanted to go, but have never had the time or money! How was it? Did you buy a wand?", "i've been many times, since I live near the park and used to have an annual pass. it's so much fun! i did buy a wand, actually. it's probably a lot more fun if you're a kid, since you can play along with some of the workers there, but it's still cool to go as an adult too", "Oh it's got to be cool, you are so lucky you live so close. I got to think about hotels and food and stuff, man I am jealous", "yeah that can be tough, i had to do the same thing when I went to visit Disneyworld in Orlando. it was so expensive!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to bike.", "I am a computer genius and love reading.", "I eat healthy.", "I live in New York.", "I work in tech. I write computer programs.", "The computer program I wrote is good for grammar and editing. I will finish the program in the next couple of weeks.", "I am reading fiction."], "partner_persona": ["I go to college. I'm studying English. I want to become a martial arts writer.", "I instruct Jiu-jitsu and am into martial arts.", "I'm allergic to dairy.", "I like coconut.", "I live in New York.", "I like to go bike riding.", "I have writer's block. I am unsure about what to write.", "I have classes.", "I think writing fiction is fun. I think writing non-fiction is less fun."], "current_conv": ["I am working on tailoring the program to non-fiction for you.", "That would be great!  I use grammarly now, but it's so expensive. I'd love to test the program for you!  ", "Oh, yeah. Those programs try to lure you in with a simple version then charge you for the better features. Any specific fiction genre you write?", "I enjoy suspense/psychological thrillers.  It's emotionally grabbing, even when writing it.  Right now though I'm so blocked. It feels like every good idea in the world has already been written.", "I could see that. Hopefully the block goes away soon. Great that you're studying English. Maybe kick some ideas around with your classmates?", "I do meet with some in an outside group.  What usually helps me though is to write non-fiction for a while.  It's tedious and not nearly as much fun, but just the process of writing sometimes gets me kick-started.  Plus it helps pay the bills.", "Paying the bills is important. Countless movies have started with \"based on actual events.\" Maybe just think about how different something could have ended had a few things been different, kind of like an alternate universe.", "Exactly.  Sometimes when I'm researching for a non-fiction piece, I stumble across something that makes me think like that, and then I get out of my rut.  Sounds like you now a bit about writing yourself!", "My hat's off to you creative types. Yeah, reading fiction can be a nice break from all the programming and can help deal with my own blocks. Also helps me think of what issues writers might encounter.", "Yes, that's what I was thinking. You couldn't write software like that without some idea of what the writing process is like, and what writers need.  I'm looking forward to you finishing the program so it can be tested!", "Ha ha, so am I! Maybe I should attend your writing group one of these days. Nothing drives me nuts like bad grammar.", "You know, that might be a good idea!  You could also probably get more ideas about what bells and whistles can be added to your software for greater utility!"], "history_conv": [["Good morning, how are you feeling today.", "Good morning, I am fine, how are you?", "Great, I am listening to different types of before I go for a bike ride.", "Sounds great! I am off to college in a bit. Full schedule and then summer classes too.", "Awesome I am a computer genius and love reading.", "Wow. Impressive. I am into martial arts. Jiu-jitsu. I instruct that.", "I eat lots of meats plants to healthy.", "That is healthy. I stay away from dairy. I am allergic.", "Do you like to eat coconut based products.", "I like coconut...yes! Where is your location?", "I live in new york.", "Same here!!! Pretty dreary again today."], ["How was class today? What are you studying?", "Class was the same as usual. I'm studying English and hope to write books about Jiu-jitsu and martial arts!", "That's great to hear your class went ok. That sounds very intriguing! Remember me when you make it big and famous!", "Haha I'll send you a signed copy of my first book! You'll probably make it famous in tech before me!", "I'd love that! Thank you. Haha, who knows maybe we can both make it big and help each other out somehow.", "I just thought of an even better idea. You make the website and I'll do the writing!", "It sounds like we have a business plan made up already!", "How serious are you about this? We might have to meet up to talk this over!", "I'm down if you are! They always say that two heads are better than one.", "I'm so excited! Let's meet on the weekend somewhere in the city!", "Ok! How about on Sunday afternoon? We can make a start up plan on paper.", "That works with me! We can go for a bike ride too!"], ["I just wrote a new computer program that might help you with your writing.", "oh really? what does it do?", "It helps find grammatical errors and gives suggestions to help elaborate your sentence structure.  It also can tell you if you have used the same word too many times and gives suggestions for alternatives.", "oh wow. that sounds really awesome. when can I try it out?", "It's not finished yet, but I'll send you a link so that you can do a beta test on it in the next couple weeks.  Have you decided what you want to write about?  It would be awesome if you could try it with both academic and \"for fun\" pieces.", "I haven't thought it out too much yet. having a bit of writers block. just know that I want to write something.", "Anything you need to write about for your classes?", "not currently. I'm sure that will change here soon.", "I've been reading this really neat fiction series lately.  Do you enjoy writing fiction or non fiction more?", "I like fiction. it's more fun.", "Have you written any fiction lately that you could expand on?  Maybe come up with a series instead of just a one off type of thing?", "that's a good idea. I'll have to think about it more to see what I can come up with."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live by the ocean, but tired of it. Pro fisher.", "I like fishing. I fish  for Tuna. I think  Florida is nice. I fish a few times per week.", "I am fan of the Reds. I live in New York.", "I can cook lasagna.", "I love my new truck. my new truck is a 2021 RAM 1500. i also have a boat.", "I watch the Red's game yesterday.", "I'm looking forward to the playoffs."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Florida. I like baseball and a big Reds fan. I also lives in Cincinnati.", "I am going to start working from home. I work in a home office. it is noisy.", "Drives a Hyundai Elantra and likes it.", "I am getting married. I have previously been married. I am paying for my own wedding.", "I love fishing. I also go fishing for trevalley and marlin.", " my mother in law is aggravating me.", "I have an old ranger and a bass boat.", "I enjoy talking about the Reds."], "current_conv": ["Did you work things out with the mother-in-law yet?", "Yeah, I think I just have to get used to the fact that in-laws are tough! Hopefully it does not last too long. How was the game yesterday?", "It was a close one, but our Reds lost. I have a good feeling about them this year in the playoffs though. Thankfully they already clinched a spot ", "How did you get to become a fan of the Reds, since you live in New York? ", "I live in New York now, but I was born in Ohio. There was Reds stuff all over the house!", "Oh I see, got it! How do you like living in New York compared to how you grew up? I imagine it must be a huge change. Are you able to find time to go fishing or drive your truck out in New York?", "It's not so bad. It can get a bit colder but I love it. Many people think of the big city when they think of new york, but I live in a pretty rural area. I am able to go fishing from time to time so it is nice. Speaking of fishing, how is your bass boat holding up?", "Its doing fine, but to be honest I haven't used it much lately. My wedding planning and office work has eaten up a bunch of my time. I'm hoping to move into a more rural area after getting married and spend way more time in nature. You're lucky you found a cool spot like that!", "That is right! You must be so busy planning the wedding. I am so excited to come!", "Haha, I hope it goes smoothly. I never know with my mother in law. She loves to create drama at every gathering. You'll see what I mean when you meet her!", "I can only imagine when we all have had something to drink. Sounds like it is going to be a lot of fun! Have you gone cake tasting yet? I cannot wait to do that someday.", "Yes, but i've gone pretty simple on all the food and decor! It's kind of hard to go all out since I'm paying for all of it myself. Who knew how expensive weddings are! Have you gotten married before, or do you plan to?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, just got back from fishing, how are you?", "Fine. I love to fish. Live by the ocean?", "Yep, get kinda tired of it sometimes. I'm a pro fisher.", "I live in florida. What do you fish for?", "Tuna for work but whatever bites. Florida is nice. You like baseball?", "Yes, I used to live in cincinnati so, I'm a big reds fan.", "Ah, the reds. I'm a fan even though I'm in new york.", "Yeah! I'm in the process of setting up a work from home office.", "Sorry, my lasagna was finished in the oven. What kind of vehicle do you have?", "A hyundai elantra. Good gas mileage. I really like it.", "I gotta have the gas guzzling trucks!", "My fiance has a ford f150 and it eats the gas!", "Oh, congrats on the engagement. When's the date?", "It's a \"forever engagement\". We've both been married before."], ["How is the home office coming along?", "Pretty goof! It's actually harder to separate home from work now, and there's a noise problem, but okay otherwise. Have you been out fishing yet this spring?", "Yeah I think there are probably pros and cons of working from home but I'm glad it's going well! I try to get out a few times a week but it's been kind of cold here in New York. Hoping to go twice this weekend! Wishing I was where you are in Florida - have you been fishing lately?", "Yes, got into a huge school of trevalley and also a good sized marlin! I was surprised to get to do saltwater this early but guide prices are cheap this year", "That's awesome! How is the wedding planning going?", "Arrrgh--her mother has taken over and is making a much bigger deal than it needs to be. How's your new truck doing?", "Haha I know how that goes. Mother in laws are always a challenge. The truck is running like a dream. I'm so glad I upgraded and don't have to worry about it breaking down all the time now.", "What features does it have?", "It's a 2021 Ram 1500 with a v-6 engine. It's great because I can tow my boat with ease and the cargo bed is huge. It's got all the bells and whistles pretty much.", "Wow! I am really envious. That would pull my bass boat much easier than my beat-up old Ranger", "Maybe you'll get enough money from your wedding to buy a new truck! Haha if the wife allows.", "I'm paying for the wedding -- if I come within three grand of breaking even I'll be lucky :)"], ["How is the wedding planning? I hope the mother in law has calmed down a little bit?", "Nope, not even a little, might have gotten worse. She cant seem to get over that I have been divorced. She feels I am going to do the same thing to her child", "Wow. That's terrible man, I'm sorry. Maybe take the mother-in-law out for a day? Just the two of you, and talk.", "I don't know if I can handle that. I've had my fiance try to talk to her and that hasn't worked. Maybe I can take her to a nice dinner where we will be around people and she cant act up as much", "Good idea. I'd try going just the two of you though. Make her see that your'e not going to hurt her child. Maybe see if she wants to go fishing with you? Longer trip, but maybe spending the day together will get her to relax. Who knows, you might become good friends.", "But here's the thing, I didn't think anything bad would happen with my prior marriage either. We can't control the future. That's part of the problem. I won't guarantee anything", "One thing you can guarantee though is how you feel for now, right?", "Exactly and I'm deeply in love, but all she can bring up is the divorce. I've talked about that extensively with my fianc\u00e9 and we are solid. I don't get why her mother can't just accept us", "Well, I guess we can't please everyone. You tried, and that's all that matters. We can change the topic though if you'd like. Did you see the game yesterday? Red's did it again!", "Oh you know how I love to talk about my Reds! I think we actually have a chance this year...not to win it all, but at least get to the playoffs. Baby steps", "Yep, I think we have a fighting chance. I'm looking forward to the playoffs.", "We have got to catch a game together sometime. It's been too long"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am turning 29 soon.", "I am going to the beach this spring break.", "My mom bought me a new car. I call my car Christine.", "There's still a good amount of time left of my Spring Break. I'm not too disappointed about it. I've never been hunting. I want to wear my new dress on Easter."], "partner_persona": ["I am 97. I am a vegan.", "I am going to hunt animals and eat them this spring break.", "I change between being vegan and not second to second.", "I don't like talking.", "I have a car. My mom bought me it long time ago. This is the red Beetle.  I call it ''tomato''.", "I've been to the beach in 48 years.", "I get most of my vitamin D from pills now. Most of what I do is take pills. I don't know what any of them do, but I figure if I stop taking them I'll melt or something, so I take them all. I have a nurse. It takes her about 40 minutes to organize the pills each morning.", "I mostly like being alone. My nurse isn't very warm.", "I like dressing up and looking pretty.", "I have had 4 husbands. I had happy marriages with all my husbands but they all passed away. I have a new boyfriend. I prefer younger men.", "I found my current boyfriend in the woods while I was hunting because he was lost. I am a year younger than my sister."], "current_conv": ["My older sister came over to see my new dress and says it makes me look fat. Ugh, I hate older siblings! ", "What? That is so rude! I am sure you look great in it! Why would she say that? Have you always had a relationship like this?", "Pretty much. She's always been mean spirited no matter what my parents did to try and stop it.  Some people just have stronger demons I guess.", "I totally understand. Well you should just ignore her, she is probably just jealous. How old is your sister? Does she have a husband or kids?", "She's 32 and yes she has two boys. They're the biggest reason I put up with her nonsense. I love them to death.", "I hope she is nicer to her kids. Luckily she doesn't have a daughter to call fat. How old are your nephews? They must be so cute!", "The youngest just turned 12 and the oldest is about to be 14. I don't know where all the time went. I swear they were just babies a minute ago.", "Oh wow, your sister had them young! Have you thought about getting married or starting a family yourself?", "Not at the moment but I think if I ever do have kids I would want to adopt. Did you ever have kids?", "You better believe with 4 husbands I popped a few babies out haha! I have 6 kids, and I have lost track of the grandkids and great grandkids! It's hard to remember all their names.", "I bet. My dad is 1 of 13. I have 31 first cousins and 29 are from his side alone. That doesn't include their kids either.lol", "Wow, are you close with your extended family? Those must have been fun family gatherings growing up!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm turning 29 soon. How old are you?", "I'm 97 and I am vegan.", "Wow. That's great. What are you doing for spring break.", "I'm going to hunt animals and eat them..", "I'm going to the beach. I thought you were vegan?", "It comes and goes I change from second to second..", "I'm driving to the beach in my new car my mom bought.", "Oh ok I'm driving a tomato my mom bought me..", "I'm going to wear a new dress I bought for easter.", "That sounds so interesting... Wow.", "What else do you do?", "I don't do talking but here we are.."], ["Are you feeling vegan or not vegan today?", "I'm feeling not vegan today.  I might eat a cheeseburger if someone brings me one.", "Maybe you can swing through a drive through in your tomato! I was wondering, were you joking about the tomato? Or is tomato a nickname for your car?", "I was joking about a red Beetle my mom bought me decades ago.  It looked like a tomato so that's what we called it.  Did you make it to the beach?", "That's hilarious! I call my car Christine, like the Steven King novel. Christine got me to the beach in record time, but I ended up leaving early because the weather turned. I found an awesome vegan restaurant on the way home though that made me think of you.", "I'm glad to be in your thoughts.  I don't think I've been to the beach in 48 years.  I don't think I'll get there again.", "There's still a good amount of time left of my Spring Break, so I'll probably head back out to the beach again in a few days. I'm not too disappointed about it. You should try to head out to the beach as well, the sun might do you some good. Or maybe you get enough sun on your hunting trips? I've never been hunting.", "I get most of my vitamin D from pills now.  Most of what I do at 97 is take pills.  There are so many of them I don't know what any of them do, but I figure if I stop taking them I'll melt or something, so I take them all.", "Do you live on your own? I could never remember to take all those pills by myself and I'm not even 30 yet.", "I do but I have a nurse who comes and checks on me every day and puts my pills in one of those dispenser things.  It takes her about 40 minutes to organize the pills each morning.", "I'm really impressed! Sometimes I feel like I'm still trying to figure out how to take care of myself. Do you get lonely? Or are you happier being independent?", "I mostly like being alone but it would be nice to have some real female company once in a while.  My nurse isn't very warm."], ["Oh, it is so childlish, but I can't wait for Easter in order to wear my new dress", "That's not childish!  Even at 97 I still like to dress up and look pretty!", "That's so awesome! It makes me less scared about getting older!", "Just always try to enjoy every minute of your life!  That's what I try to tell my nurse too. She's such a cranky girl.", "Haha is her attitude still bad? Is there any way you can get a new one?", "Nah, I'll just whip her into her shape like I did my 4 husbands!", "Wow! What happened, did you scare them away haha?", "No, they all passed away after long happy marriages.  I play for keeps! haha.  Makes my current boyfriend a little hervous though!", "Good lord, you just won't quit! I'm impressed! What's this beau like?", "Well, he's kinda shy.  And he's only 86. My sister keeps telling me I'm a cradle robber, but I like em young!", "Haha a regular spring chicken! How old is your sister, and how did you meet this guy?", "She's 98. She thinks because she's a year older she always knows best.   I met him the last time I went hunting.  He was lost in the woods."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a baby girl.", "I go to college. I'm getting my teaching degree. I love kids.", "I do illustrations for childrens books.", "I am interested in rock climbing but it also scares me.", "I love all types of music. I like country, r&b, and reggae music.", "I have thought about getting a dog.  I don't have a lot of time for a dog.", "I have pets. I know they are a lot of work."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to 21 pilots.", "I love music. I have a dog named Leto.", "I'm a sous chef at a casual restaurant.", "I am going rock climbing with the guys. I have sons. I was scared to rock climb at first.  My sons encouraged me to rock climb.", "I love all kinds of music. I like 21 Pilots.", "I an envious of people who can draw.", "I only have one pet who is my dog, Leto.  We have had Leto for 4 years. My male children love Leto.", "My dog was six months old when we got him. My dog is terrier and Maltese. My dog is easy.", "I did not care for pets. My sons wanted a pet. I like dogs."], "current_conv": ["Have you heard he new 21 pilots song lately?", "They have a new song? I must have been living under a rock this whole time, pun intended haha! Is it good? We have been taking a break from them and listening to a lot of Bill Joel on our climbs. random!", "Yeah, their new song is alright, but I still prefer their older stuff. I do love some Billy Joel though! Have you had any interesting climbs lately?", "Not really, I got a pretty bad sprained ankle so I have been taking a rest and just going along for the ride lately. Hopefully I will be back up there soon. Have you been doing any fun activities yourself?", "Nothing too interesting, I've just been working on a few illustrations. I'm actually illustrating a book about rock climbing, what are the chances!", "No way, that is so cool! Is it a fictional story or what exactly is it?", "It's just a cute little children's story about a rock climber and the challenges he faces climbing this one cliff. It has things like loose rocks, an eagle's nest, and a cave with bats in it. It's not to realistic, but kids will love it!", "Oh that sounds so cute! Let me know if you need any help with fact checking or anything!", "Thanks! I'll be sure to keep that in mind! I hope your ankle starts feeling better soon!", "Thanks, me too! I am going to take my dog for a walk today and see how my ankle is feeling. Being bed ridden is so hard when I am usually so active.", "That sounds like a good idea. Be sure to take it easy though, so it doesn't get any worse", "Yes, that's very true. I find it hard to follow doctor's orders haha! Always have! Have you ever had a big injury?"], "history_conv": [["How are you? I just put my baby down for a nap.", "Im great im gathering my gear for the weekend.", "Where are you going on your trip?", "Me and the guys are going rock climbing.", "I'd like to try that someday when the kids are older.", "Ahh well its fun and we jam out to 21 pilots as we climb.", "The younger students at my college love that band.", "I love music so much I named my dog leto we go on walks daily.", "We might get a dog when I finish my teaching degree.", "Well good luck I wanna work my way up to owning my work.", "What kind of work do you do?", "Im a sous chef at a nice casual resturant.", "I do illustrations for kids'books but I can't make a living at it.", "Why not even childrens kindles need pictures.."], ["How was your rock climbing expedition with the boys?", "It was great!  We had a lot of fun, although they are more avid climbers than I am.  I bet you stay busy with your baby..", "yes i do she is very active and love to get into everything. I would love to go rock climbing but i'm a little scared. How did you get over the fear?", "I was really scared in the beginning (and even not sometimes).  But my boys wanted me to do it so badly, I did it for them.  One of those motherly sacrifices...lol.  It helps to start on a small climbing wall.  Perhaps you could try that.", "That good advice and you right the thing we do for out love ones I will try it hopefully soon. I see you like music, what other types of music do you like?", "I actually love all kinds of music.  Its hard to pin it down to one kind.  This week I like 21 Pilots, but next week it may be something entirely different.  Do you like music?", "yes i love all types myslf and just depends on the day what kind i want to listen t but i like country, r&b and reggae", "That's awesome!  I think it's really cool that you do children't book illustrations.  I am so envious of anyone who can draw anything.  It must be a lot of fun.", "It's loads of fun to see my work come to. I love that even when i'm good my work will live on and bring happiness to kids.", "So true!  And that totally makes sense that you are studying to be a teacher.  One day a child in your class may be reading a book you illustrated!", "right i didn't even think of that.Yes i love kids they are just the best little people. Do you have any other pets?.", "No, just my dog, Leto.  He's a golden retriever.  We've had him for 4 years, and he is just the best dog.  The boys love him.  They are constant companions.  Do you have any pets?"], ["Did you adopt Leto as a puppy or did you get him when he was older?", "He was six month old when we got him, so not quite a puppy.", "Awe. still pretty young though. What breed is he?", "he is a mix terrier and maltese but i do not know what kind of terrier though.", "I've thought about getting a dog myself. but I think I should wait until  my daughter is a little older.", "that would be best, young children do not know how to properly act with dogs. The dog may feel threaten and bite your daughter.", "she's been around dogs and does well. I just don't know that I have the time to commit to both of them.", "oh okay, you are quite busy with the daughter, going to school and illustrating books.", "for sure. but I still really want a pet. LOL", "I never cared for pets but my sons wanted one and now I do not know how I can live without one, dogs are great.", "I've had pets before so I know I like them. but I also know how much work they are.", "my Leto is a no fuss dog. Give him food and some petting and he is happy, not much work with him."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a swimmer.", "I played the clarinet in high school.", "I would have a lot of pets if I had the time. I  have a dog.  My dog loves it when I play relaxing music. I usually find a random playlist on youtube and search music for dogs.", "My dog does not like cats. I think servals are a lot of work.", "I like skunks.", "I would like a new pet. I am interested in getting a serval.", "I prefer pet adoption to breeders.", "My house is small, but I have a large yard."], "partner_persona": ["I am a musician.", "I have a rabbit. I am a huge animal lover.", "I have a strict landlord. My landlord has no pets. My landlord gets drunk a lot.", "I love listen to music. I haven't intentionally tried to play music for  the rabbit. I play violin, trumpet, saxophone. I haven't played trumpet in a long time.", "My rabbit doesn't like dogs.", "I would like an exotic cat. I like dogs as well. I like big cats. I don't like live feeding. I may have trouble getting approved for an exotic pet.", "I rent a small home. I don't have a yard. I have experience walking servals on a leash."], "current_conv": ["Have you looked into getting a serval any more?", "Not right now. My landlord would kick me out. You happen to know of any new rental properties?", "What kind of property would you be looking for?", "I'm not too picky to be honest. ", "Oh, that's good then. You should be able to find something quickly if you search online. I would imagine you'd need something with a yard, though.", "I'd prefer a yard. Not having one right now is a pain. I'd take yours over mine any day!", "Yes, having a big yard is super helpful! It gives my dog plenty of space to run around, plus it gives me room for more pets, too.", "You thinking of adding any new dogs?", "I would love to get another dog! I'm thinking about stopping by the animal shelter soon to check some out. Would you get any other pets if you had a yard?", "Maybe. Depends on my landlord I guess. I'm scarred. He's so rude and angry all the time. What kind of dog are you looking for?", "That's a good point. I'm not too picky honestly, but I think I would prefer to get a bigger dog, like a lab or maybe a German shepherd. ", "I love labs. They are just so sweet. Can't go wrong with that. But good luck finding one in a shelter because of that."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am a swimmer.", "I am a musician.", "Cool, what instrument do you play? I played the clarinet in highschool.", "I dont have a cat though I have a rabbit hes absolutely adorable.", "Cool, I just have a dog.", "Cool,im a huge animal lover I dont discriminate,ive owned just about every animal.", "That is really cool, I would have a lot of pets if I had the time.", "Yeah.i have a strict landlord though,whos really a hypocrite.", "That's a shame, does the landlord not like pets?", "No,he dosent I think he needs one then he wouldn't get drunk so much maybe.", "That sounds really sad, I am sorry.", "Yeah,hes not a bad guy he just has a drinking problem."], ["Does your rabbit enjoy listening to you play your music?", "Sometimes, haha. Sometimes he goes in his house and hides for a bit. But I usually don't play in the same room as him.", "Your rabbits so cute! Have you tried playing music for rabbits? My dog loves it when I play relaxing music for dogs.", "I haven't intentionally tried to play music for him, but maybe I'll give it a try! Aww! That's so sweet What does your dog like the most?", "I usually find a random playlist on youtube and search music for dogs haha! I think he looks the most peaceful when it's soft classical music.", "That's precious! Does he enjoy your clarinet playing?", "Unfortunately, no, he leaves the room when I used to play often. What instrument do you play?", "Oh no! Dogs do have sensitive ears so that's probably it. I currently play the saxophone. But I know how to play trumpet and violin as well.", "Haha that makes sense. You're so talented! Maybe we should meetup and play together sometime. I'm a bit rusty with the clarinet.", "You're talented too! I firmly believe being able to play instrument is talent in itself. I'm down! I haven't played trumpet in a long time.", "That's so sweet of you to say! Let's hangout this weekend, maybe bring your rabbit to meet my dog, haha!", "Haha, I would, but he doesn't like dogs. they scare him. But please do bring your pup along!"], ["Still thinking about a new pet...Any guesses?", "Oh yeah. Looking at some serval cats now actually.", "Wow, those are a lot of work from what I've seen.  My dog wouldn't tolerate having a cat in the house.", "Yes they are, but very domesticated. They are as big as a dog so I'd have a cat/dog. Best of both worlds. The one thing I'm not sure I could stomach is feeding it live mice every day.", "Oh that's so gross!  But cool about having a cat/dog!  I've actually looked into getting a skunk.  I've been told they are a lot like cats, but they are more sociable, like dogs.", "Yes! Just make sure the stink gland is removed haha. That would be a lot of tomatoe juice to be bought for your house. ;)", "Hahaha, yeah, definitely have the glands removed first.  I need to do more research first though.  Are there places close to you that you could get a serval?  Do they have rescues for those or would you have to buy from a breeder?", "There is a exotic pet breeder nearby. It's a process thought to even get approved. I'm not sure I would get approved now that I'm reading this. They have someone come to my home and inspect first.", "Too bad there aren't rescues, I'm all about adopt don't shop.  Why do you think you wouldn't be approved if someone came to your home?", "I guess size matters with servals... My place is pretty small. I think I'll have to get a letter from my landlord too.", "Too bad.  I'm not sure if they like to be outside, but do you have a yard for them?  Sometimes even if you have a small place, a big yard can make up for it.  That's how it is for me.  My house isn't the biggest, but my dog has tons of room to run outside.", "True. I don't have a yard though. I would have to walk it would a harness and leash. I've seen that done with servals though, and I don't mind several walks a day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in the city. I want walk to my job.", "I live to read. I read a book a week. I like Sci-fi and mystery books. I like Dan Brown books. I like Fantasy books. I like Harry Potter books.", "I like rock music. I do pilates for exercise.", "I have one brother.", "I focused on Government Politics in school.", "I like the Game of Thrones novels.", "I prefer reading over watching.", "I enjoy Pilates."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the country. I love nature. I love animals.", "I work as an Artist. I like to walk through nature.", "I like country music. Rock music is my favorite.", "I live an active lifestyle. I do not do organized exercise. My mom does pilates.", "My mom is a nurse. My dad is a farmer. I have a sister. I sometimes get along with my sister.", "I read fantasy books. My favorite book growing up was Redwall by Brian Jacques.", "I have not watched Game of Thrones. I have not read the Game of Thrones novels.", "I make paintings.", "I want to exercise more.", "I dislike structured exercise."], "current_conv": ["I started the next book in the Game of Thrones series. I can't stop reading these things!", "I felt that way about the Odd Thomas series.  Could never wait for the next one to come out.", "I know the series technically ended a few years back, but the books just go into so much more detail! What's been on your reading list lately? ", "I think I may start re-reading the entire Dark Tower series. And continue to work for new works that interest me. I haven't read any really good fantasy for a while now.", "I understand that sentiment, a lot of stuff in the genre just feels rehashed. I meant to tell you, I heard the new album by Highly Suspect and it was phenomenal, I highly recommend it.", "I will have to be sure to give it a listen!  I don't get a lot of time to listen to music unfortunately.", "You know, ever since I got my new phone I started listening more to music and audiobooks - the speakers are so good! That's what I'm doing with the next GOT book, they have this great narrator with a really deep voice that makes it sound so dramatic.", "I could probably enjoy that when I'm doing my nature walks.  That's really the only time i'm able to listen to anything.", "Would that distract you from your artwork, though? I know you find inspiration during those walks.", "Yes! I tried it, but it just mixes up my mood and emotions too much, and I lose my muse.  Same with reading. I have to have absolute silence when I read. I do find inspiration in the walks.  It sort of empties out my mind, and I need that sometimes.", "How's your new piece coming along? You were swamped with it last time we chatted.", "I was very happy with it! I think it was one of my best works, really.  Now, I'm just waiting for the next muse to hit me."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Where are you at? I'm a city dweller..", "Morning!! I live in the country. Love nature and working with animals.", "The country is nice. Do you walk much? I walk to my job rather than drive.", "Absolutely!! Art is my work, so I walk through nature!", "Sounds cool. I'm a reader and go through a novel each week.", "Cool. I like listening to country music, but rock is my favorite.", "I like rock. Do you exercise? My favorite is pilates.", "I stay active, but not much into a set exercise. My mom loves pilates.", "Is your family big? I just have a brother.", "My mom, she is a nurse. My dad, a farmer. Then a sister.", "That's very diverse. Do you get along with your sister?", "Somewhat, yes! How about you with your brother?"], ["I just finished my most recent book and am now looking for my next read. Do you have any suggestions for me?", "That depends, I guess! Is there a particular genre you'd be looking to read?", "I prefer sci-fi but here recently I have been craving a god mystery.", "Ooh! Okay. I guess some people don't really enjoy his writing, but I've always thought Dan Brown's 'Da Vinci Code' series were really thrilling mysteries.", "I read all of his stuff a few years ago. Hes got a lot of really good books. I also like that he takes puzzles and breaks them down to keep the reader engaged.", "Good puzzles are so essential to a good read. I agree! I'll have to ask around for other good mysteries. I mostly read fantasy books myself.", "Those are also an interest of mine. What was the book you finished most recently?", "I'm recently re-reading Redwall by Brian Jacques! It was one of my favorites growing up. Have you ever read it?", "I read those growing up too! I havent found anything similar in a bit. But I do keep my eyes open for them.", "I love his writing so much! There's a bad book here and there, but I enjoy them so much.  What were you favorite books growing up?", "I prefered Harry Potter and political books the most. Government and politics was my main focus in school.", "What an interesting combo! But there are interesting politics in Harry Potter, too. What's your feeling on today's political climate?"], ["I just read a new fantasy book that I think you should check out.", "Hey that sounds great. Who wrote it? Brain Jacques?", "well it's not a new series, just new to me. It's a game of thrones by george r r martin. I know there is a show but when I learned about the books I wanted to read them too.", "I have never read his books or seen the TV show. I guess I am behind the times.", "like always the books are way better. you should give them a read.", "I think I would but I have been too busy with a new painting to get in some reading.", "well when you have time you need to read it.", "will do. So how is the Pilates going? I think I need to get more exercise.", "it's going great! pilates is great for beginners.", "it sounds interesting but I do not like the idea I have to follow specific steps to have it work. I just want to jump in and do it.", "it's not so bad. you have to consider your form with any exercise you do or you will hurt yourself.", "I know but I hate the regimental aspect of exercising."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a vegan. I work at a community garden.", "I have two dogs and a cat, my dogs love attention..", "I am studying at community college. I would like to be a nurse.", "I am afraid to be teleported.", "I'm not good at math."], "partner_persona": ["I am not a vegan.", "I have no pets. I love puppies.", "I am an inventor. I just invented a teleportation device. I can teleport pretty much anywhere instantly. I also am building a time machine that fits two people.", "I'm really good at math. Math has always been easy for me."], "current_conv": ["I just found out that I passed the exam with flying colors!", "Congratulations! What there ever any doubt?", "Thanks!  I was a bit nervous because there was some higher math in this unit.  But I made it through okay, thank goodness!", "I know you have done well so far, but if you ever need help with math I can help. That's one of the few things I am actually good at!", "Thanks, I might take you up on that!  I'm sure you have to use math constantly when you're inventing.  It's hard for me to keep up sometimes but I think you're doing some really cool stuff with it.", "Thanks! Making this teleportation device was very hard, but I feel like I can make a lot of money with this.", "Oh absolutely!  You'll completely disrupt the travel industry.  I can't wait until it's available for everybody to use, then I won't have a 45 minute commute anymore haha!", "I'm sad I won't get to see how it advances in the centuries to come. It is pretty big now, but I imagine one day it would be as small as a watch!", "That would be so convenient! Tech has advanced so much in the last few years already, hasn't it?  But wait, are you having trouble building your time machine?  You said you were working on one last time.", "That one has proven to be a bit harder nut to crack. I've already messed a few things up, nothing too significant though. I don't think I could tell you what happened though because time might rip apart and I would make no money off my teleportation machine.", "Oh dear.  Well yes, definitely don't tell me what went wrong if it would rip apart all of space and time!  Haha.  I probably wouldn't understand a word anyway with all that math and physics, just happy to support you.  I know you'll figure it out.  ", "Thanks, with how things are going I might have to find an apprentice to carry on my work. Making this time machine is something I definitely do not want to rush, plus I want to refine the teleportation machine as much as I can "], "history_conv": [["As a vegan working at a community garden is important.", "That's interesting! I'm not a vegan.", "To each their own. Do you have pets? I have 2 dogs and a cat.", "I don't have any pets, but I love puppies!", "Do you like to eat puppies?", "Uh, no. What do you do for a living? I'm an inventor.", "I'm currently studying at community college. I want to be a nurse.", "That's awesome! I just invented a teleportation device!", "Do you use it to talk to puppies?", "I use it to take really cheap exotic vacations. I can teleport anywhere pretty much instantly..", "That sounds made up. Maybe it's all the puppies you're eating.", "I'm sorry you don't believe me, because my next project is a time machine.."], ["I'd like to try your teleportation device, can anyone use it or just you?", "I'm not sure if anyone else can use it. Do you want to be my first test subject?", "I don't know, it sounds exciting and scary at the same time", "We could send one of your dogs through the teleportation device, but maybe that is frowned upon in vegan society?", "my dog would love the attention. But I would worry about a fly being in the booth and my dog comes out half dog and half fly, lol", "Hmm, that sounds like an interesting experiment. Thanks for the idea! Where do you want to be teleported to?", "I think I'll skip the teleportation but I would like to try the time machine", "Well I am making the time machine big enough to fit two people, so perhaps we could go on an adventure together. I could always use someone with knowledge in medicine!", "That would be great. I can go back and help a lot of people who had no medicine at all.", "That's a wonderful idea. I'll go back and pet all the puppies of the past.", "You can go back and pet the original Lassie", "Now I'm very excited. Make sure to study hard in school so we have all the knowledge we need! Oh, and bring pictures of your pets because I'm not quite sure how long we'll be gone."], ["I had a tough school exam this morning but I think I did well.", "what was the exam on?", "Just on math, but I've never been great with numbers, so a bunch of people said it was easy, but I am still nervous", "Math isn't so bad once you figure it out.", "I mean you just invented a teleportation device so I know math is easy for you!", "I've always been great at math ever since I was a little kid.", "How did it come so easy to you? Did you never have to try hard?", "I guess it's probably just easier for some people. it's how my brain works. it's never been hard for me.", "Do you have any time to help me out or are you going to be too busy teleporting all over the world?", "I can definitely help you out some time. when are you free?", "I am always free after 4pm, the day does not matter all. Does that work for you?", "yes. I can help you on Friday."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Pink Floyd.", "I was in Italy for 10 days.  I travel for work. I was travelling to Italy with my teleportation device. Only 1 person can use my teleporter at a time.", "I have my own business.", "I have a vivid imagination. I was on an aeroplane.  I have a son.", "I went to the Colosseum.  I liked the colosseum best.", "I like Dr Pepper.", "My son liked getting drawn by the street artists in Italy.", "I have a one person teleportation phone device. My favorite part about teleporting is it is very cost effective."], "partner_persona": ["I wish I could play guitar.", "I've never been to Italy. I would like to go to Italy and study Italian painters.", "I wish I didn't have a boss. I would like to have my own business.", "I went to Waco, Tx.  I saw the Dr Pepper Museum. I like Dr Pepper.", "I am taking guitar lessons. My guitar lessons are right down the street from me.", "I am learning acoustic guitar. I have a passport. I am going to book a trip to Italy.", "I appreciate and love the talent of street artists. I will visit the Colosseum in Italy.", "I am excited about seeing the art in Italy. My favorite dish is pasta."], "current_conv": ["Hey I just teleported, look out your window.", "Which window? Or is that your vivid imagination at work?", "Haha, very funny!  I'm here to whisk you off on a spontaneous trip to Italy.  I promise, teleportation is the best way to travel.  It's so much cheaper than taking a plane.", "Sounds like it. Italy here we come!", "I can't wait to show you around!  We'll definitely visit some great restaurants for pasta and real Italian pizza, and there's just so much history and culture.  There are museums and ancient sites to tour everywhere you go.", "Some real Italian pizza sounds delicious. I love to look at the ancient sites and just ponder what all they've seen. Does your vivid imagination allow for time travel a well? That's gotta be real handy raising a little boy.", "It would be really cool to go back in time and see what the historical sites looked like when they were new, wouldn't it?  Yes, it's a lot of fun to write stories with my son during playtime.  Lately we've been pretending to be gladiators in Ancient Rome.  But don't worry, I don't let it get too scary..", "Yeah, I will definitely get some solid recommendations from you once my trip comes together. Maybe I'll get my picture done by one of those artists you mentioned. Any other trips coming up?", "Well, after Italy I was thinking Spain.  That's the place to go to study classical guitar, let me tell you.  I think you'd have such a great time there with all of the wonderful music.  How are your lessons coming?", "They're coming along. Listening to the old Floyd albums always gets me inspired. Any favorite bands other than them?", "Pink Floyd is classic!  Lately I've been really into Fleetwood Mac.  It's always fun to sing along to their music.", "Definitely! I really like the oldest stuff. Peter Green and before Nicks and McVie. It's like they have different eras, but Nicks and Buckingham seem to be the most popular."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you?", "Good, just doing my budget. Did you hear the new pink floyd album?", "Cool. I like floyd. Is it brand new music?", "Came out a few years ago. Wish I could play like gilmour! Legendary!", "That's forsure. Great musician. I'm traveling to italy. Ever been?", "No, but I wish I could. Would love to study the italian painters there!", "Forsure. I'm actually travelling there via my teleportation device.", "Say what?! Come pick me up! Did you build it yourself?", "I know crazy right! But it works. Unfortunately only 1 person at a time.", "Bummer. Ugh! Boss is calling! Wish I didn't have one.... And go to voicemail!", "Maybe you should start your own business? That's what I've done..", "Would be nice! What kind of business do you do?"], ["So I went to Italy, it was amazing, trying to think where to go next.", "How did you get to Italy?  Don't tell me you used your teleportation device!", "I did! But, with how vivid my imagination is, I just use the term to describe what others know as a Aeroplane. I like to use teleportation device because it gives my little boy something to be excited about when I am working away from home", "Oh, I see!  What was the best thing you saw in Italy?", "My favourite thing, by far, was the Colosseum. I didn't realise how big it was. Where was the last place you went on holiday?", "I went on a road trip to Waco, TX to see the Dr. Pepper Museum.  It was well worth the trip.  Probably not as impressive as Italy, but definitely up there.", "I love Dr. Pepper! Did you get to sample it whilst you were there? That is enough to get me to book a trip out there with my children.", "We stopped by the cafeteria at the end and got some free Dr. Pepper, yes.  Or at least I think it was supposed to be free.  I drank it and didn't pay for it either way.  I felt it would be criminal to not get some Dr. Pepper at the museum.", "Of course. Not getting it would be the equivalent of going to a swimming pool and just standing by it. You have got to get involved.", "That's a great analogy.  I dove into the Dr. Pepper with a beautiful swan dive.  How many days did you spend in Italy?", "I tend only to spend 4/5 days abroad when I am there for work. But thankfully, I managed to get to stay in Italy for 10 days because I had two things to work on whilst I was there", "That's a really great vacation.  Were you just in Rome or did you see other cities too?"], ["have you taken any guitar lessons lately?", "Yeah some. I'm trying out a place down the street that teaches guitar", "Nice.  Are you learning more acoustic or electric?  It would be so awesome if you could learn some Pink Floyd songs!", "Acoustic. The electric guitar looks fun too though. Hopefully I'll be able to play both easily this year. I went ahead and got my passport as I'm going to book a trip to Italy. I decided to check off that one from my bucket list. Any hot spots there I should check out?", "Definitely the Colosseum!  It was my favorite.  There's lots of great artistic spots too.  My son liked to get the street artists to draw him.", "oh how cool! I can appreciate the street artists there. I love the talent. I bet your son really enjoyed that. I will definitively check out the colosseum. I would ask to borrow your teleportation device but I'm unsure how I'd feel being beamed up like Scotty on Star Trek.", "It's really only good for one person, so being on an airplane is probably a better idea.  Many people don't believe me when I tell them about my teleportation device, so maybe I'll have to use it to come to you sometime.", "I absolutely believe you. I plan to travel alone to Italy so that's why I mentioned it. I'm looking forward to seeing the art there, and the food! Pasta dish is number one on my list.", "Oh yeah, the food is amazing!  Maybe when I come and see you, I can bring the device with me and you can try it out for a shorter distance.  That way if you don't like it, you can drive back home, hahaha.  But if it's not a problem, then you could save some money on airfare.  That's my favorite part about teleporting, it's very cost effective.", "I bet it is! Plane flights are so expensive! However, for a teleportation device, how much would I have to spend to own one?", "It depends.  I could get you a deal with some of the suppliers for my business, so it would cut down on the price.  But you probably would want to rent one instead of own it outright, at least right away.", "That's a good idea. You'll have to give me the details to rent one then. Where all have you traveled using it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to work on cars. Fords are my favourite cars.", "I plan to go back and finish college.", "I grew up in a small town.", "I have cats and dogs. I work in a grocery store. I want a better job.", "I like complex problems. I might move in the future.", "I think Huskys are great dogs. I love watching YouTube videos of dogs.", "I have lazy pets that come to me for food.", "I rescued my animals from the street."], "partner_persona": ["I am a freelancer.", "I went to UCLA to be an accountant.", "I am ready for a new job. I don't like being an entrepreneur.", "I have a Husky. I think my dog is more hairy and demanding than a spouse."], "current_conv": ["I've started looking at potential colleges. I want to pick a college first before I plan my next move. I am thinking of moving to a large city. ", "Cool! That's going to be a big change for you. Do you have any particular cities in mind?", "i'm not really sure. maybe new york or la? did you like la for college?", "I loved it! It was so stimulating, and there was so much to do. But although UCLA was great in general, there is a part of me that wishes I had headed farther away, and New York is so exciting!", "New York would be such an amazing city I think. LA sounds romantic because of the weather and beaches. Did you get to do a lot of surfer stuff?", "I don't surf, but I did spend a fair amount of time on the beach. It is a good way to relax, and a nice place to study too. There is also a lot of room there for dogs to play and have fun. I didn't have a dog when I was in college, but my dog loves the beach now.", "that's great! what kind of dog do you have?", "Oh! You must have forgotten. My dog is a Husky. I fondly call him Hairball because he is so shaggy. But he is a great beach companion. He'll run and play a bit and then nap with me. Do you play on bringing your pets to college with you?", "Hairball! What a name. Did you adopt him from a shelter or from a breeder? I don't think I'll be allowed to bring my pets, which is really sad. Maybe if I live off campus or something.", "I did get him from a rescue. He was younger then of course, and so sweet. Just a puppy really. That's too bad about your pets. I hope you can find someone great to take care of them.", "My parents will care for them, I'm sure; they're family pets. Still, I can't imagine life without them. Have you always had pets?", "Yes, but my family was a cat family so Hairball is my first dog. My parents were firm, no dogs. When I was in college I was itching to move off campus and get a dog. That didn't work out, but as soon as I was done, I started searching for the perfect companion. I think I did well."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you?", "Good. Do you have any hobbies?", "I like to work on cars. Fords are my favorite.", "Cool. My hobby would be freelancing I guess.", "Did you go to college for that? I plan to go back to college. I didn't finish.", "No, but I did when I was an accountant.", "Cool. I grew up in a small town and prefer it my pets do too.", "That's cool. My dog is my best friend!", "I have cats and dogs! They hate it when I go to work at the grocery store.", "Awe, poor babies! I'm ready for a new job!", "Me too! I want to go back to college to get a better job.", "I hear that! Being an entrepreneur isn't all I thought it would be."], ["I've been looking at potential colleges for when I go back, there's so much choice out there now!", "There are! There are over 3,000 colleges in the United States! Which ones were you thinking of considering?", "More than anything, I want a career starting college choice.  What led you to accounting?", "I liked numbers, but didn't like complex math. I also liked being involved with business, but didn't like the business operations or management side of things.", "Hmm, I like complex problems and following a problem to a conclusion.  I really want to work for someone else, I'm not a boss type of person.", "Accounting might be something you could consider, then. The math isn't complex, but the accounting problems themselves can be complex.", "I will certainly look into it.  Is accounting the same nationwide?  I might have a move in my future.", "It's standardized across the US, according to US GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles).", "That would make it a truly portable skill.  I like that.  What school did you attend?", "I attended UCLA. Anderson is a pretty good business school.", "Hmm, I'm not sure I would do well in a big school but I'll keep looking for something in a medium/small area.", "Ah. Maybe a liberal arts college would do. Many of them offer degrees in accounting."], ["What kind of dog do you have?", "my dog is a huksy.", "they are great dogs. They seem very vocal. I love to watch youtube videos of them.", "they are VERY vocal. and very dramatic over everything. she has such a big personality.", "Like having a spouse, lol", "lol. but they are way more hairy and demanding.", "haha, my pets are the opposite. They are lazy and just come to me when they want food..", "that must be nice. my dog demands attention all the time.", "I would be nice if they were more dependent on my but they were street animals when I got them so they are very independent.", "that's awesome that you rescued them and gave them a home. how long have you had them?", "I hat the dog for 5 years and the cat for 3. The dog is the one the found the cat so the cat is really my dog's pet.", "that's pretty funny. sounds like a good movie."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have eight grandchildren. I am old. I miss being young.", "My spring breaks are quiet.", "My mom was a librarian. I used to be a librarian.", "I have never dyed my hair. I have grey hair.", " My grandchildren are going to dye a streak of my hair turquoise. Turquoise is my favorite color. My youngest grandchild is going to dye my hair. I am nervous about changing my hair.", "My youngest grandchild is a girl. My granddaughter wants to be a cosmetologist.", "I am worried about fuel efficiency.", "I like books about the entertainment industry."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy Easter weekend.  I have a new Easter dress.", "I am 28, soon to be 29.", "I am knowledgeable about hair dyeing.  I am open to dyeing my hair many different colors.I recently bought a dress. My hair is blue.", "I recently bought my first new car. I think black is a boring color.", "I bought a new red Volkswagen Tiguan. I like deals. I do not drive much.", "I dye my hair. My hair color needs to be refreshed in the summer. I spend time outside, at the beach, and at the pool."], "current_conv": ["Well, my hair has been dyed!", "How did it come out?  I bet your grandkids were thrilled.lol", "Oh my youngest did so good! You can tell that being a cosmetologist is her passion, she was an absolute natural with keeping my nerves at bay.", "At least it's less permanent than a drastic hair cut would be.  You've got extra flavor now. Did you stick with just a streak or did you go bigger?", "We decided to do a streak on each side, for balance. And they're not just out in the open but under a layer of hair, so it pops out when I wear a ponytail. My granddaughter suggested that, how creative!", "It's awesome she gets to practice on you. She'll have a leg up at cosmetology school.  What does she plan to go?", "The dream is to start her own salon, but she's also thinking of moving to a big city and trying for one of the fancy places that celebrities go to. She loves hair, but she's also got a talent for makeup.", "It's a good idea these days to go into business for yourself and not be a slave to a larger company. How old is she now?", "She's 14, so still has a few years to go. It's wild to think that she's my youngest but already getting to be so big.", "Yeah, my oldest nephew is about to turn 14 and I don't know where the time went. He looks like a little man now. I miss the baby stage.", "I do miss the chubby cheeks... Not the crying though, lol. Have you started packing for your trip?", "Absolutely not. I insist on doing everything at the last minute. I work better that way but I always get it done.lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you?", "Great I cant wait for easter weekend!", "Same here! I get to see all eight of my grandchildren.", "I hope my new blue hair matches my new easter dress.", "I'm sure it will! At my old age, I don't think I could pull it off.", "I turn 29 next week, I cant wait to leave for spring break.", "Where are you going? My spring breaks used to be quiet and not too crazy.", "My mom just gave me a new car, so ill just be driving.", "Very nice! A librarian was my mother's profession.", "Are you a librarian too?", "I do like the quiet nature of it, but I am retired.", "What do you enjoy doing in nature."], ["After thinking about your confidence about your hair, I've decided that I'm going to dye my hair red. How did you dye your hair?", "I dyed my hair with henna actually! They make great hennas for red hair and henna is actually very good for your hair.", "Thanks for the tip! I'd dye my hair blue like yours, but I'm old. I already have blue hair!", "Maybe you can do a semi permanent dye and have a little fun with your grandkids, if they'd be allowed of course.", "That's a great idea!  If I died it purple for a while, i bet my grandkids would be shocked!  I'd like to see their faces!", "I think it would be a lot of fun to embrace a new hair color.", "yeah, anything but grey!  Getting old is no fun.  Be glad you are still young!", "I love grey hair though, I'm thinking of dying it a nice cool shade of grey one day!", "One day nature will do it for you! lol  Does your new dress match your hair?", "Yes! My dress is also blue, but not quite the same shade. More like a turquoise.", "Turquoise is my favorite color!  Is your new car turquoise too?", "I wish, it's just a boring black color. I just got my first new car, I've been driving pre owned cars before."], ["I bit the bullet and asked the grandkids to help me dye my hair, we decided on turquoise, my favorite color! I think we're just going to do a streak to start though!", "I think that color will look great on you.  which grandkids are doing your hair", "Thanks. My youngest! I am bit nervous, but it's only hair, right?", "thats true, I had a friend that let someone do their hair red and it ended up being a little too red, but they made the person's day.  does your grandkid do hair for a living or is just a hobby.", "She wants to get into it as a profession, so I am just the guinnea pig. What kind of car did you end up buying? That's always a tough decision.", "we got a VW Tiguan and it's a nice red color.  The deal was too good to pass especially since i hear car prices will be going up soon", "That sounds like a quality car - is it good on gas? That's what I am worried about these days.", "it's okay, not terrible but not great.  but i don't drive enough to notice, probably fill it up once a month", "That makes sense. Are you dying your hair again anytime soon?", "I might touch it up for the summer months, that sun and the pool takes the color away pretty quickly.  being a librarian, do you have any book recommendations for a day visit at the beach?", "I do - it's called Beautiful Ruins by Jess Walter. It's so good and a very quick read. It's kinda about Hollywood and actors/actresses.", "is the book fiction or nonfiction"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a sales manager for a mattress retailer. I am a workaholic. I am almost out of debt. My mattress business is struggling because of online competition. I pay close attention to my customers and give the best advice for their purchases.", "I love music. Black Sabbath is my favourite band.", "I love meat. I do not think that I go on a full keto diet.", "We have been busy since we started selling online because of competition.", "I do not think I can give up bread and pasta and carbs.", "I was planning to exercise to lose weight. I might train for a marathon."], "partner_persona": ["I work in the tech industry.", "I run half marathons. I would like to run a full marathon.", "I am on the keto diet. I have a dog.", "I like to go in-person to purchase furniture."], "current_conv": ["Are you still on the keto diet and how are you feeling?", "Yeah at the moment I am don\u2019t think I will carry on this diet for too much longer though, it\u2019s not the greatest. ", "I'm not in a place to go on a diet of any kind right now. I just eat as frugally as I can.  I plan to eradicate my debt by the end of the year.  ", "Yeah diets are too much sometimes. I think I just need to try do some more exercise. That\u2019s amazing to hear, being in debt is so stressful, I got my fingers crossed you will manage to clear it. ", "Thank you!  One of our competitors is trying to lure me away with more money.  That will make it happen a lot easier. I'm thinking about taking the job.  They seem to have a lot better idea of what they are doing in the marketplace, and they want to hire me to a better position than I have right now.", "Oh yeah then without a doubt you should take it, you do such amazing job at the career path you choose. You should honestly be proud of yourself and take the steps needed to further your career more. Congrats. ", "Thank you very much! Have you been training lately? When is your next race?", "Your welcome. I have slacked of a little bit lately but don\u2019t have as much energy. Next week when I quit this diet I\u2019m a get back on it, because I really would like to do a full marathon next time. ", "Yeah, it sounds like that diet wasn't working for you at all. At least now you know!", "Yeah it make me feel good in a sense, but I\u2019m so used to eating a lot of carbs and protein I just think my body not used to it. ", "Take away carbs and protein and all you have is fat, which doesn't burn easily. Makes sense your body was complaining. You'll find your proper balance, I'm sure.", "Yeah that is true, and no one needs that extra work put on them to get back off haha. "], "history_conv": [["Hey there. How's it going?", "Good, how are you?", "Doing well, killing time before I go to work..", "Nice, what do you do for a living?", "I'm a sales manager for a premium mattress retailer. I live at work, lol.", "Lol I can relate, I work in the tech industry working on software solutions.", "Nice. Any hobbies? I love music, black sabbath is my favorite.", "Running half marathons, I'd like to work up to full sometime.", "That's nice. I'd like to do that but I'm a workaholic. Almost out of debt..", "Exercise makes work easier for me!", "Lol, I love meat too much to diet and exercise..", "Lol keto allows lots of meat, and what I don't eat I give to the dog."], ["How is the running going, do you think you'll do a full marathon next year?", "I doing good with my running. I have a half marathon this summer and may try a full marathon next spring, but i don't know.", "Well, you got to do what you enjoy! What's your secret for conserving your energy during your run?", "The key that was told to me is to relax. Run but don't try to run. Let it come naturally.", "That makes sense. Hyper focusing makes the strain feel that much more, I'm sure. Has the keto diet helped your running?", "That is the problem with running long distances, your body needs carbohydrates but the Keto diet you cut out the carbs. So I am always fighting my body with the food I eat.", "Totally get that. I know you only get like 20 grams a day. I want to eat less carbs myself, but don't think I could ever do full keto.", "But I know I have to eat more carbs if I am going to run a full marathon. So, how is the mattress business going?", "I guess I can't complain! But having so many people purchase mattresses independently online has been a challenge to business.", "I still like to go to a store to buy furniture. But I guess others like buying online", "Honestly, there are great options online. But I put in extra time to give my customers the best advice for what they need when they come in.", "that is very important to get the right advice plus I need to feel the bed before I buy it."], ["I sold so many mattresses today! I think the business might be booming.", "that's really awesome. so glad it's doing well.", "I am glad too. The online competition was killing us. Then my boss decided to also sell online so we been very busy since then.", "If you can't beat them, join them. some people prefer the convenience of being able to stay home and buy", "that is the way now. You have to have an online presence to sell products. It must be different in the tech industry.", "depends, tech does a lot of stuff online too. why do you not think you can do the keto diet?", "I looked into it and I do not think I can cut out bread and pastas and other carbs. I love carbs.", "I get that. but if you are wanting to lose weight, changing your diet is what you need to do.", "yea I know but I was thinking more on the line of exercising more to lose weight. Maybe train to do a marathon or something like that.", "exercising is great to do in addition to build muscle, but if you are exercising and not changing your eating, you won't lose much. diet really is the key. and there are lots of other diets you can do.", "But I do not see how you can do all the running without eating carbs. It must be tough.", "your body can use fat as energy too. you don't need carbs unless they are in the form of starchy vegetables and fruit."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 40. I have kids.", "I have horses on some of my rental properties. One of my horses can get a little wild.", "I love to eat salads. Eating salad gives me gas.", "I am close with my sister. I love to watch movies with her. I like Disney movies. I love the Lion King and Frozen.", "My kids are tweens. I want to see Lion King on Ice. I'm planning a trip to Broadway in the future.", "I'm in Chicago. I like Chicago deep dish pizza."], "partner_persona": ["I am 42.", "I love fruit.", "I am not close to my dad.", "I like watching Disney movies. I am related to a Civil War general: General Lee. My favourite Disney movies are Aladdin and the Lion King. I like Frozen. I like the song Let It Go.", "I don't have a gas problem.", "I love horses but don't know how to ride.", "I have 3 kids. I am a woman.", "I have been to New York City. I visited NYC Broadway. I like NY pizza. I took my kids to NY once.", "I live in Maine."], "current_conv": ["What kind of seasonal fruit is available right now in Mine?", "I am not sure what kind of seasonal fruits are available right now because I don't eat much fruit. What is your favorite fruit? ", "I am a big fan of mangoes. I like to put them on salads. But I also like pineapples to put on my pizza!", "That is one of the only way that I eat fruit, is pineapple on my pizza. It is amazing that way. ", "I am glad you feel the same way about that. Many people get very angry when I tell them that ", "That is weird people getting angry at you for that. How many horses do you have? I used to ride all the time, but haven't been on a horse in a very long time. ", "Just 3 for now, but I plan on added more once I rein my wild one in. Do you like horses?", "Yes, I love horses. I just haven't been on one since my mother-in-law sold their 3 horses after my father-in-law passed away. ", "Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. Do you plan on getting your own horses one day?", "Yes, we have talked about it but living in the city is not the place for horses, and we are not planning on moving any time soon.", "That's very true, do your kids ever ask to have pets?", "Yes they have asked but we have very strict rules about having pets in our home and they are not ready for the responsibility of having a pet and taking care of them. They have even said that themselves. So as of now, we don't have any pets in our home but probably will in the future. "], "history_conv": [["Hi I am 40. How old are you?", "I'm 42 and I really love horses.", "Wow I have horses on some of my rental properties.", "That is so cool. What's your favorite food. I love fruit.", "I love salads. I make my kids eat salad all the times.", "So you have a close family? I have my dad and he hardly ever smiles.", "Sad. I have a sister. We love to watch movies. What's your favorite?", "I like disney movies. I do happen to be related to a general from the civil war.", "Me too! I like frozen. Wow which general?", "Lee. However, I don't have the gas problem he had and I don't pass gas in public.", "That's good to know. My salad makes me gassy.", "I didn't know that salad could do that.", "Definitely. With so much fiber in all the lettuce.", "Ok. Now that makes sense. Not to mention possible salad dressings."], ["I talked with one of my horse caretakers yesterday, and they said they had time for someone to ride one of their horses for a while. I was thinking you would be interested in that, I can get you in touch with him to talk more about it.", "Wow, that would be wonderful! I love horses but I don't know how to ride. Is there someone who could teach this old gal?", "I think I could teach you, if not I could put you in touch with someone who could. Does that interest you?", "I would love for you to teach me! It would be a good excuse for us to finally hang out. What do you think?", "I am definitely down for that! Although one of my horses can get a little wild, is that okay?", "Hmmm maybe you can ride that one! Is it a big property? You must be rich!", "I am well off, I have a few rental properties that have horses on them, my main property is quite big without a doubt! So I got to know, what are your favorite disney movies?", "Wow, good for you! I would say my favorites have to be The Lion King, and Aladdin. How about yourself?", "I love the lion king! Such a classic did you see the non-animated version? And I am a huge Frozen fan. sometimes you just go to \"Let it go!\"", "I haven't had a chance to watch the live action version of the Lion King, is it good? I do like Frozen, I love how it is a story about sisters and their love for each other.", "The live action version is very good, but I must say I will always have a soft spot in my heart for the animated version.", "Yes, nothing beats the classics! What other movies do you enjoy besides Disney?"], ["Do you have any children to watch your favourite Disney movies with?", "Yes, I have three. They are appreciative of the fact that Mom loves Disney. I recently took them to Disney on Ice. That was very exciting", "I've always wanted to go to Disney on Ice!  My kids would love that.  Did they have any of your favorite characters?  What was your favorite song?", "Elsa from Frozen was in it. Definitely my favorite this year. Let it Go is our favorite song right now too. It changes all the time with Disney lol. What about your kids? How old are they?", "They are just about to enter their teenage years (11 and 12).  I'm hoping that they continue to love Disney as much as I do. I would love to see something from the Lion King on Ice.  I saw it on Broadway with both my kids and they were in love.  The costumes were fabulous.", "I saw the Lion King on Broadway too! NYC Broadway show a few years back. It was breathtaking. I loved the costumes and their singing. So powerful!", "I wish I could have seen it on Broadway.  Being in Chicago, we still have good theaters too though.  Have you seen any other shows?", "I travel to NYC for their Broadway shows as I live in Maine. It's totally worth it. You should go someitme. I have seen one other show their but it was not Disney. I went to see Mama Mia once. Not as moving to me as the Lion King vocals, but still very good.", "I hope to make it out sometime.  I was thinking maybe for the kids senior trip, as it is so expensive.  We also saw Beauty and the Beast a couple times on stage.", "That's a good idea! I think teenagers would definitely love NYC. There's so much to do there. You'll have to try the famous NY Pizza too. Very good.", "I don't know about that.  Chicago Deep Dish is the best, always will be.  Did you go to NYC with your kids, or were they too young?", "Ha! I beg to differ on the pizza part. I'll let it slide as you haven't been to NYC yet. ;) I've taken my kids once. They didn't care too much about NY though. They were toddlers then."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a VW Beetle. My car is in the shop being worked on.", "I love Italian food. My grandmother is from Italy. I love my grandma's spaghetti.", "I do not have a job right now.", "I do not have a dog.", "I love Mexican food, especially authentic Mexican food. I love tacos. I usually prefer chicken in my tacos.", "I saw a small dog at the pound. I am thinking of adopting the small dog.", "The dog at the pound is a Shih Tzu. I had a Shih Tzu when I was a kid and loved it."], "partner_persona": ["I have three dogs. I like to take my dogs on walks. Two of my dogs are Great Danes, named Milos and Dante. One of my dogs is a small corgie named Buster. I find smaller dogs easier to take care of, but I am still fond of bigger dogs.", "My favorite food is anything spicy. I like Italian food. I love fajitas. I love Mexican food. I like my food to be spicy. I prefer chicken in my tacos, or else beef.", "I am a grad student. I work part time at a music shop.", "My dogs Milo and Dante are gentle with small dogs. My dog Buster is friendly.", "I am taking classes. I am close to graduating. I am in a business masters program."], "current_conv": ["I adopted the Shih Tzu would you help me name it?", "Hmm.... How about Taquito, since you love Mexican food and he's just a tiny little thing?", "Aww that's so perfect!  He's the cutest little thing.  He reminds me so much of my dog we had when I was a kid.", "That's fantastic! We should definitely get together for the play date, once he gets used to being in your home. Have you loaded up on dog toys yet?", "Ooh not yet!  Maybe I'll get him some stuffed toys that look like food... a little meatball, a little jalapeno haha.  Yes we should definitely schedule a play date to introduce Taquito to your pack.  I hope they all become best friends.", "I bet they'll love him! Though he might be able to ride on Milos or Dante, they're so big, lol. You should get him a little sombrero too - just to keep up with his namesake! Have you heard anything back from any of the jobs you've been applying to?", "He would look adorable in a little sombrero, I'm definitely ordering one right now.  Thanks for asking, job hunting is the worst!  So two of them never got back to me at all, but the one at the resort called me in for an interview next week!  I'm crossing my fingers that this one works out.", "That's so awesome! Please tell me that Hawaiian shirts are part of the uniform. I know what you mean about job hunting, especially with the internet. It's like they don't even bother to send a \"no thank you\" letter to at least let you know that you're not hired. That's why I decided to study business for my Masters program, I'm hoping to start my own company.", "Lol I wouldn't mind a Hawaiian shirt for this salary!  You've definitely got the right idea.  Being your own boss has got to be scary, but you'll have so much more control over your life.  You're almost finished with classes, right?", "Just 2 more semesters to go, then I'm all wrapped up. I heard rumors that the capstone class is going to be really hands-on, though. Very thorough in how to actually run a business, so I'm excited to start it next spring.", "You're almost there!  That class sounds really useful, giving you some practical experience.  Do you have any big ideas for after you graduate?", "I've always loved music so I thought maybe something in that, but after working at a music store I'm not really hyped for it as much as I once was. I was reading \"Humans of New York\" on Facebook and I saw a really interesting post about being a professional dog trainer and I started thinking that could be pretty fun to do. I trained all 3 of my dogs, and they can even do tricks."], "history_conv": [["Nice to meet you! How are you today?", "I'm good thank you. How are you?", "Okay, my beetle is in the shop with some engine issues. Anything interesting going on?", "Not must just going to take my three dogs for a walk.", "They must be a handful! Do you include your dogs in any of your hobbies?", "Not really just enjoy walking them.", "Favorite foods? Personally I love italian, my grandmother from italy, makes the most amazing spaghetti..", "I like any thing spicy really but I do enjoy italian..", "What is your favorite dish that is spicy?", "Fajitas or anything mexican. Do you have a job? I am a grad student.", "I am between jobs right now, unfortunately. What do you do for work?", "I go to university but I have a part time job in a music shop."], ["What are your dog's name and breeds?", "I have two Great Danes named Milos and Dante, and then a corgie named Buster.  Do you have any dogs?", "no not yet but i do want one. Are Great Danes good dogs to have?", "They're really great dogs and I love mine, but their size can be a challenge, and they cost a lot because of how much they eat.  I feel mighty safe when I walk them though.", "yes i seen a couple of them and they are pretty big but they are cute. I may get a smaller dog though. not sure yet. Have you ever had a little dog? the ones that dont get real big", "Corgies are pretty small.  But I've not had anything really tiny like a chihuahua or anything like that.  They're definitely easier to take care of (usually), but I find something particularly attractive about big dogs.", "I will just have to look around some more because i just not sure what kind i really want. I see you love Mexican food so do i. I love me some authentic Mexican. What's your fav. Mexican dish?", "Other than fajitas I really like chimichangas, but I usually load mine up with hot sauce and jalapenos to up the spice level.  How about you?", "I love a good taco. and i loved mines with jalapenos", "Yes, tacos are a good fail-safe at most Mexican restaurants.  Do you like chicken, beef, shrimp, or what as your taco filling?", "I like all them but i usually do chicken. sometime i put them all together. What about you?", "Yes, I've done a sea-land-and-air taco once, with beef, chicken, and shrimp.  It's not my preferred way to eat tacos, but it was good.  Normally I do chicken as well, but beef is a close second.  Always with extra hot sauce."], ["I saw this great small dog at the pound earlier! If I showed you a picture, would you tell me what you think of it? I am thinking of adopting it.", "Of course I would tell you what I think!! I love dogs.  I think thats a great idea to adopt!", "thank you! I'll send the picture later.  It's a shih tzu, I had one as a kid and I loved him.", "Maybe we can get our dogs together for a doggie play date after you adopt!!", "that sounds great! do they get along well with other dogs?", "They definitely do.  Milos and Dante are large, but very gentle with smaller dogs and Buster is small and friendly as well!  We could always have mexican food for dinner while the dogs play!", "I love Mexican food! We should go to an authentic Mexican restaurant, those are always my favorite.", "As long as they have chicken tacos, I am in!!", "haha great! How are your classes going?", "They are good.  I am stressed because it is a lot of work but I am almost graduated so it will have been worth it!", "what program are you in again?", "I am in a business masters program.  Are you taking any classes? I know you aren't working right now.  Is that why?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a car salesman. I sell Hondas.", "I like to be outside. I like to garden, weather permitting.", "I love to read murder mysteries.", "I love the band 5 Finger Death Punch. I enjoy going to concerts. I have a friend in a band named \"The Buckaroos. I have seen Slipknot live once. I like the Slipknot song \"Duality\" and its music video.", "I made a lot of car sales this month. I like the band Duality. I made a record with 3 sales today. I want a promotion to sales manager this year.", "I earn 25% of the profit on the car.", "I have read software development is hot. I wanted to build my own PC but thought it was intimidating."], "partner_persona": ["I work on computers.  I work long hours.", "I like all types of music.  I find music cathartic. I enjoy the band Between the Buried and Me.", "I like to read.  I also like being outside.  I read and ride my bike at the same time.", "I am a vegetarian.", "I have seen Slipknot live four or five times. Slipknot is one of my favorite bands. I have listened to Slipknot since I was in high school.", "I am trying to stick to my job. I might get a promotion soon.", "I work on hardware. I do custom builds .I like to work with my hands."], "current_conv": ["Do you think you will be happier at your job after you get a promotion?", "I do think I will be a bit happier because of the additional money I will be getting. I think my quality of life will be improved. ", "I also feel like the self-confidence gained from a promotion helps in all areas of life.  Having goals is a good thing.", "Yes, I would agree with you. i always strive to make goals and accomplish the goals in a timely fashion. I feel that it keeps me grounded and constantly improving. ", "Yes exactly.  I love learning new things but get a little intimidated before I start.  Are you ever intimidated before starting a custom build?", "Yes, I am, but as I continue the build, it becomes easier as things start to fall into place. I find it rewarding when everything fits together well. ", "I can see that.  Selling cars is more methodical than creative but I would love to try to build my own PC.  Seems overwhelming to start though.", "It could be difficult, but if you download a worksheet/checklist that highlights all of the components needed to build a computer, it makes it easier. ", "I didn't even think about a worksheet.  Great advice.  Thanks.  I am looking toward a promotion also which is my main concern right now but I think I will search to find a worksheet to help in the future.", "I wish you the best of luck with the promotion! I think you would be a great fit in the new role.", "Thank you.  I have achieved a personal best recently and hope that it will be recognized.  I have never been a manager before so a little nervous if it happens but I know that I can learn and handle it.", "Well, I think that everything has a bit of a learning curve, but one you get into the role, you will do great!"], "history_conv": [["Hi!", "Hello! How are you doing?", "Pretty good. Happy to be halfway through the work week! How are you?.", "Surviving. What do you do for work?", "I'm a car salesman. It can be pretty exhausting. How about you?", "I work on computers. I sit so long working my backside hurts.", "Desk jobs can be strenuous! I like to make an effort to get outside on the weekends.", "Music helps me get through the day. I like just about everything. What music do you like?", "I love 5 finger death punch, they're awesome. Do you have a favorite band?", "Between the buried and me is pretty swell.", "I also love reading murder mystery novels. Are you a reader?", "I am. I like getting outside too and riding my bike. I read while I ride.", "That sounds dangerous! I love being outside too. I garden when the weather is nice.", "It's an extreme sport in china. I can't compete because I eat meat though."], ["Guess what?  I sold six cars since I spoke to you earlier!  It is a banner day for me!  I am celebrating with a little 5 finger air guitar.", "Heck yeah! That's awesome! I bet you're gonna celebrate this weekend!", "Of course I am, you bet! I managed to get tickets to a concert so I will celebrate there. Woohoo!", "How awesome! Is it FFDP?", "No actually, it is my mates band called \"The Buckaroos\" - they are real crazy. Their outfits are similar to those of Slipknots, if you have heard of them.", "I love Slipknot! That sounds like a really fun time.", "Do you really? Have you ever seen them live? Please tell me you have!", "Yep! I've seen them four or five times live actually. They're one of my favorite bands.", "I am so jealous. I only managed to see them once. Are you aware of the music video for which on of their fans gave them, and hundreds of others, permission to destroy their house for it?", "Haha, yeah! I remember reading about that.", "The song is \"Duality\", if you had forgotten which one it was. I am going to watch the video later on again. It is a great song with a great music video", "I was thinking it was one of their older songs. Hard to believe I used to listen to them in high school and still do today."], ["I was jamming out to \"Duality\" for the millionth time to celebrate my car sales today! What a great band!", "That's awesome! How many sales did you make?", "I made 3 sales today, it was a record for me. I'm so happy. Hopefully I can get the promotion to sales manager this year.", "That's a huge number, especially given the commissions you must get. What kind of cut do you get per car?", "We get 25% of the gross profit of the car. How is your job? Are you looking for another?", "I'm trying to stick to it and deal with the physical and mental anguish haha. I might be up for a promotion pretty soon. What car brand do you mainly sell?", "We sell Hondas, so there is no problem getting them off the lot lol. What industry are you working in?", "Haha I feel like those were invented for people like me. Simple, efficient, and reliable. I'm still working in computers.", "Are you doing software development? That's like the hot field right now from what I've read.", "I work mainly on hardware. We do a lot of custom builds for gamers and such. I've thought about working in software, but I enjoy working with my hands.", "That's cool, I always wanted to custom build my own PC but it seems intimidating with the liquid cooling and getting the right GPUs.", "Maybe I can give you some pointers! It can be daunting, but once you know the secrets, it's a lot easier."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Ska.", "I work as a doctor's assistant.", "I went to college in the past and enjoyed it. I have completed college. I made good grades. I was involved in organizations while in college.", "I really enjoy fishing. I don't really enjoy other sports.", "I am also an only child.", "I own a condo near the beach and I love the ocean. I like to listen to waves at the beach.", "I like the band Sublime. I enjoy baroque music."], "partner_persona": ["I like Sublime.", "I don't work. I go to the local college. My mom runs the college. I take coaching classes in college. I did well on my finals.", "I am an only child.", "I attend parties in the dorms. My partying is affecting my grades.", "I am studying music.", "I play soccer."], "current_conv": ["I felt like a poor mans' House, M.D. with all the weirdo medical mysteries at work today. At least I never stop learning in this job.", "Then you can relax for some time right? because if you work continuously like this with these mysteries you would feel tired.", "Yeah it can be tiring but it's something new every day so it never gets boring so I can't complain too much,", "That's great you are loving and enjoying your job!! what about this weekend? ", "I'm just going to hang out at home on the beach. What about you?", "I still don't have any plans about the weekend! May be I'll party !!!  So you do fishing in the beach or just relax there?", "I just relax. I don't enjoy fishing. I just like to sit and listen and watch the waves come in. It's very peaceful.", "Yes that will be very peaceful than partying and of course everyone will love to go to the beach. That will be a well spent weekend I guess!", "Everyone needs down time. Especially if you have a crazy job or a lot of demands in life. What do you do to relax?", "My only way of relaxing is partying and I enjoy party a lot!! But since partying is affecting my music I reduced it a lot.", "You have to try and find a balance of what you need to do and want to do so they don't conflict with each other.", "Yes you are correct! and I need to balance between those. Did you listen to any Ska recently?"], "history_conv": [["Hey! I was just listening to sublime. Ska is awesome!", "I love sublime! What do you do for a living?", "I'm a doctor's assistant. What about you?", "I'm unemployed at the moment while I'm in college.", "Ah, what college? I miss my college days!", "The one in my home town because my mother runs it.", "Ah, good deal. What are you studying?", "Coaching classes because I play soccer.", "Nice. I've never been much for sports. Unless you consider fishing a sport!", "I do. So, any brothers or sisters? I'm an only child.", "Same here. Wish I had a brother to fish with growing up though.", "Me too. Well, is there anything else you can tell me about yourself?", "I love the ocean. Just bought a condo near the beach. Party central!", "Right on! I've been partying at the dorms."], ["I've been listening to a lot more Sublime over the last week. What's your favorite song that they wrote?", "I love so many of their songs, it's hard to pick a favorite. Santeria is a good one though, have you heard it?", "Is that the one about wine? or am I thinking of a different song.", "I could be wrong, but I believe you are thinking of a different one. Do you ever go out to the beach and listen to Sublime?", "No, when I'm on the beach I like to just listen to the waves. It's very soothing. Where do you usually listen to their music?", "Usually when I am doing my studying for college. It helps me relax and focus on my studies. It even helped me get through my finals this past month.", "That's better than having to ask your mom for help!  So did you do well on your finals?", "I did very well thank you for asking. I have my music to thank for that, really helped me absorb the knowledge from my studying.", "I understand that. WHen I was studying to be a doctor's assistant, I used to put on Baroque music.", "Did you find that it helped you, and how is your job as a doctor's assistant going?", "Yes, it has the same beat as a human heart at rest so it helps to keep from getting stressed.  It's going pretty well my boss is really funny.", "That is great. Do you still listen to Baroque music at your job or not as much anymore?"], ["How are your studies at college going?", "Studies are ok. I am enjoying the parties a lot more...maybe toooo much! I got a C on my last coaching assignment, so I really need to get it together.", "Oh, wow. Yeah, you wouldn't want your mom to find out! But you can always bring your grade back up, like you said. Are you going to stop going to parties altogether?", "We have not gotten our grades for the final yet. Hopefully, that will pull my grade back up. Otherwise, maybe music isn't working for me! Or I should try baroque. Ugh. I am pretty stressed about that C. I probably will avoid all the partying next semester.", "That is quite a commitment! Maybe there are clubs or some events in town that'd help bring that grade up, in case you need extra help outside of your classes and homework?", "That is a really good idea. They do have tutors at the school, but it is hard to add that on top of classes and soccer. Did you make doo grades in school?", "Yes. I loved my classes. But I was also involved in organizations on campus. How is soccer going for you?", "Sorry, I meant GOOD grades, but it seems you figured it out, Smarty Pants. That is great you were so involved! Soccer has been great! I am really feeling more confident about it.", "That's great to hear! Well, I hope everything works out for the rest of the semester. One suggestion I didn't think of earlier: did you already ask your professor if you could redo your last coaching assignment? Maybe that's the easiest and simplest way to fix things.", "That is a really good idea! I had not thought about it. Final grades are due very soon, so I better email her now!", "Yes, definitely. Go for it!", "Should I leave out the partying part, or be completely honest? If I tell her I plan on learning from my mistakes, maybe she will be more willing? But I can also see it having the opposite effect."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 5 grandkids.", "I am 65. I love going to the beach.", "I like listening to Styx and Journey.", "I have a driver's license. I own a car. I asked out a girl.", "I find twisted jokes funny. I do not find it hard to get a date.", "I meet many people at the beach. I am outgoing. I initiate conversations with strangers.", "I become lonely easily. I enjoy having friends.", "I would like to find love eventually."], "partner_persona": ["I dye my hair blue.", "I am 28. I turn 29 next week. I have a new blue car. It was a present from my mom.", "I love the beach. I am going to the beach for spring break.", "I like all kinds of music.", "I have a new fast car with seatbelts. My new car is a 2021 Porsche 911. The max speed of my new car is 200 mph, but I probably won't drive that fast. I am interested in going to a racetrack. My new car attracts attention.", "I have a twisted sense of humor. I'd like to meet people.", "My mother is almost 60. My mom likes the band Journey. My parents are divorced. My mom is casually dating.", "I am single. I am looking to meet someone that likes the same things I do."], "current_conv": ["One of my grandkids set me up on a blind date recently! ", "Really? How did that go?", "Not too bad.  She was only 53 and I was concerned she may be uncomfortable with the age difference, but she said that didn't bother her at all. We've made plans to go out again.  She's a nice lady. Not sure if there's anything there, but it's fun at least for now.", "That's great to hear! I hope that continues to go well for you. What is her name?", "Lila. She's pretty, and looks about 10 years younger than she actually is.  She wants to go dancing next time.  After I break all her toes, I'm guessing I won't get a third date! haha", "Haha, I guess you're not much of a dancer then?", "I was at one time, but that was long ago.  Everything was long ago it seems like sometimes! haha.  ", "I'm sure it'll come back to you! And good dancer or not, I'm sure Lila would have a great time dancing with you. She sounds like a wonderful lady", "I'm not sure how much we have in common, but I am looking forward to finding out though. Felt strange having my grand-daughter set me up though. ", "Yes, that does seem like it would feel strange. At least she's trying to look out for you, haha. Are you pretty close to that granddaughter?", "Oh, sure, I'm close to all my grandkids, especially the girls. They weren't really old enough to know my late wife very well.  I think they just want a grandma! lol", "Lol, that makes sense. I guess it's pretty sweet they're taking an interest in your lovelife. It almost sounds like the set up for a comedy movie lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you fling?", "Awesome!!! It is a wonderful day! And you?", "Good thanks. Oops. Auto correct. Technology these days..", "Lolz I like to keep things simple... Like dying my hair blue.", "Oh that's quite a look. I'm too old for that. 5 grandkids now.", "Wow I'm only just about to turn 29 next week sooooo... Not quite there!", "Yup 65 here. Love going to the beach still though..", "Me to! I'm heading out of town for spring break and going to the beach!!", "Nice. I'm sure that will be fun. What music do you like?", "Everything, I was just loading up a playlist for my new car(present from mom yay!).", "Lucky you. I wish. I like the styx and journey. Lol.", "Most underrated bands of their time!.", "Yeah there is a lot of good ones. So what kind of car did you get?", "A blue one? Lol I'm not into cars."], ["How does your new car drive? Is it fast?", "It is! Seatbelts are required lol", "Haha, I'd definitely make sure to wear a seatbelt if I'm in a fast car, for sure. What model and make is your new car?", "It is a 2021 porsche 911. It's awesome!", "Wow! That's a fancy car--I bet it's great! What's it's max speed?", "200 mph! I doubt I will get to that speed though :)", "Yeah, I don't imagine it's legal to drive that fast on the highway. Now, if you take it to a racetrack, I'm sure you could run it up to that speed!", "That is a great idea! I will google for a local track!", "I bet you'll attract a lot of attention there--you with your blue Porsche 911 going at a whopping 200 mph!", "No kidding! I am hardly discrete in it!", "Maybe you can even bring a few friends, or a date, around for your joyride!", "Great idea! I will make some good plans for the weekend :)"], ["So I asked this girl out on a date and she said she likes my car better than me", "Ouch!  You probably should run her over and then see how much she likes the car! just kidding. Is it hard to find someone to date at your age?", "That was quite funny! It isn't as difficult as you would expect. At my age, people just want company and that is a shared feeling.", "Do you  meet a lot of people at the beach? I'm hoping I will.", "Yes, the beach is amazing for meeting people. I usually find that those who are walking dogs are really friendly and it is easy to start a conversation with them", "I should introduce you to my mom! She's 59, listens to Journey all the time, and hates my car! She'd be perfect for you! haha", "That would be very lovely of you. Is she actively looking for company? Or is she wanting something a little more serious?", "It's hard to say. My parents divorced not long after I was born.  She's had a few boyfriends since, but nothing serious.  What are you looking for?", "Initially, company. At my age, feeling lonely occurs a lot and having someone to experience things with becomes more of a challenge. Companionship, I feel, at my age is really important.", "Yeah, just having someone you can spend time with is great even at my age.  And you never know where things can lead from there.", "Exactly! I might find that someone who is offering me companionship ends up meaning the world to me. I think at your age, you are out a lot more and meet a lot more people so you can be more selective and your needs are different", "I don't know. I haven't had a girlfriend in a long time.  I think people can get lonely at any age.  I don't want to settle though.  I want to spend time with someone who has a lot of shared interests."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I speak a little Spanish. I need to talk to my workers in Spanish.", "I am middle aged. I work in a clothing factory. I am a workaholic.", "I have a brother.", "I have a lot of stuff I don't need. I have a hard time getting rid of stuff.", "I have a lot of books. I like books.", "I don't have time to read for leisure. I am learning Spanish from a book.", "I am old. I don't like apps. I only learn from books.", "I am getting a raise. I will be promoted to a manager at work.", "I have moved before.", "I have been out of school for a while."], "partner_persona": ["I can speak Spanish and English fluently.", "I am still in school.", "I like hiking and walking on the beach.", "I am moving this weekend. I am almost all packed up to move. I have a lot of things I don't need.", "I have a lot of books. I love to read. I am learning Spanish.", "I am starting a new part time job. I will be a barista at my new job.", "I like long hikes."], "current_conv": ["I love my new position at work! It's exciting to take on more responsibilities.", "Are you going to be going back to school?", "No, just started my new managerial role at the factory. Have you started your new barista job yet? ", "Not just yet, I am moving this weekend. I was waiting until after the move for my start date. ", "Fair enough. How is the move going? Have you checked out your neighbourhood much already or are you waiting until you settle in? ", "I looked around some before I decided, but there is still alot of exploring to do. ", "Exciting! Are you stressed? When I last moved i was overwhelmed haha. I have too much stuff to be carrying around from place to place. ", "I hear that! So many books! I get teased about my mini library lol. Did your brother help last time you moved? How long ago was it? Do you like where you live now?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I want to talk to you about god.", "Do you speak more than one language, I do.", "Well, yes, I speak a little spanish, un poco.", "That's cool I speak both spanish and english very fluently.", "Magnifico! I need to talk to some of my workers in spanish, daily.", "Ah, so you must be older than me as I am still in school.", "Yes, I am middle-aged and work in a clothing factory with lots of menial workers.", "What do you do in your spare time, I like to hike and walk on the beach.", "I am a workaholic, but when my brother and kids are around we go there.", "I'm moving houses next week so hopefully my family will help with that.", "Every time I have moved, I have had a friend to help me, which is nice.", "That is nice to have friends you can count on."], ["Are you all packed up ready for your house move this week?", "Almost! I'm living in a maze of boxes right now, haha. But I'm excited to get settled into the new place.", "It is exciting to move. Moving also makes your realize how much stuff you have accumulated over the years, lol", "Exactly! Haha. I have three huge boxes full of things I realized I don't need anymore to donate.", "Same here, I have a lot of stuff that I don't need but have a hard time getting rid of.", "We all have that one category of things we have too much of. I have too many books! What do you have too much of?", "We are the same. I have a lot of books too. I just like having books.", "Me too! I can't get through books fast enough. Do you get enough time to read outside of work?", "I wish I had enough time to leisurely read. I only been reading a book to learn Spanish from.", "I'm impressed that you're learning Spanish! I am learning a bit of Spanish, too. There's so many new ways to learn languages these days. Have you also looked into free apps that help teach you Spanish?", "I am too old to use apps, haha. I only use books", "No problem with that! Are you finding it easy or hard to learn?"], ["I just found out I am getting a raise and a promotion at my job at the clothing factory.", "That's terrific! Are you entering a management position?", "I sure am. I will have to work even more now. That's okay though. How is the move going?", "Pretty good, the movers will be here later today and the boxes will finally be loaded up. That will free me up to clean.", "Exciting! Not that unpacking is all that much fun. How long do you think it will take you?", "I'm devoting 3 days to unpacking, hopefully I'll be able to get it all done in that time as I start my part time job. With that and summer session at the school, I won't have much time left over.", "Not at all. What is this job you're starting?", "I'm going to barista at a used book store. They will let me study in my down time and I get a discount on my text books.", "That is perfect. You can read all the time too. How long until summer session ends?", "It seems like forever, it starts In June and goes through the middle of August. No labs, though, this semester which will give me a little time to hike.", "I remember summer classes. Too long by half. Which hikes are coming up?", "There is a ten mile out and back that follows the bluffs before dipping down to a secluded inlet at mile five. I hope to pack a lunch and just hang out on the beach for awhile."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a garden. I am growing peppers, tomatoes and some herbs.", "I'm a car salesman.", "My wife loves to garden.", "My wife likes huskies.  I do not have a dog.", "My tomatoes are ready to pick.", "My special recipe is Ragu.", "I have a constant struggle keeping pests out of my garden."], "partner_persona": ["I am going outside to play basketball.", "I am short. I'm not very good at basketball but I like it.", "My dad drives a truck. My parents are from Canada.", "I like working outside. I work outside for my job. I have a job as a dog walker. I pet sit dogs. I am afraid dogs would tear up my garden if  I grew one.", "I like to exercise.  I like to make money. I work part time.  I adore the dog.", "I like huskies and german shephards.  I want to learn how to garden.", "I have a recipe book. I make my own pasta sauce. I think all the sugar in store bought sauce is unhealthy.", "I gave great attention to detail. I love making things look proper and neat."], "current_conv": ["You inspired me to go organic with my garden.", "That's good to hear. Organic is much healthier for you and all the wild life in the area! Are the tomatoes doing well?", "Yes they are doing well! I'm thinking about planting more fruits, like strawberries as well. Do you have any tips?", "Depends on which specific tree, but in general it will be easier to buy a fruit sapling instead of trying to grow it from seed. What kind of fruit will depends on what area you are in. Does it freeze there often?", "Yeah I live in the North, specifically in Philadelphia, so it does freeze here pretty often in the winter. I'm not sure what plants are good for this climate.", "The most popular fruit tree in Pennsylvania is the Apple Tree. It seems to be more frost resistant than say, oranges or bananas. Would you like to grow apples? ", "I won't mind but I'm not sure how long it'll take before I can eat the fruits haha, I can be an impatient person sometimes. Have you grown apples before?", "I have not, but I can see that Apple season in PA is from July 15 to October 31. I'm sure it would be tough to plant an apple tree right now and get fruit before October 31!", "I see, you do seem really knowledgable in this aspect too! I think I'll try out with growing one apple tree for now. And would you want to come over when it harvests?", "Sure. We could make apple pie and apple cider or something!", "Yeah and maybe we can even bring them to a bake sale! I remembered you said you have a recipe book before, do you have any more recipes with apples?", "Yes! I have some award winning apple fritter recipes."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today?", "I'm great, thanks! How are you? It's so unseasonably warm today I am going outside to play basketball!", "I am well, thanks for asking! It's beautiful out today. Basketball sounds fun!.", "I'm short so I'm not very good but I like it! What are your plans today?", "I bet you're good at it, though. I think I may go tend to my garden!", "Gardens are fun. I like working outside, too. What do you grow?", "Right now I am working on growing peppers, tomatos, and some herbs!", "Yum! My dad drives a truck usually filled with garden supplies!", "Oh wild. I'm a car salesman so if he ever needs a new vehicle let me know!", "They need winter trucks because they are from canada! Live up there?", "Oh, I do not, but I'd still be glad to help out in anyway I can. :).", "Thanks. I work outside for my job, would be cool to sell cars.."], ["So what kind of job do you have that keeps you outside?", "I'm a dog walker! I like being able to exercise and make money at the same time haha.", "Not to mention that you are able to spend a lot of time with dogs at the same time. That must be amazing!", "It's a good part time job for now! I usually walk the same dogs everyday and have gotten to adore them. I pass by your place sometimes and the garden is looking beautiful.", "Which is your favourite breed of dog? Yeah, my wife has been spending a lot of time in the garden fixing it up due to the nice weather.", "I think huskies and german shepards are so handsome! Maybe your wife could show me how to garden sometime? I'd love to try it out.", "I am sure she would be up for doing that. She absolutely loves it. Are you passing by any time soon?", "I can come by tomorrow morning! Which breed is your wife's favorite? I'll try to bring that dog along with me!", "Definitely huskies, she has been wanting to get one for ages. But because we aren't home during the day, it isnt fair to leave them by themselves", "Yeah, huskies need so much exercise. I don't think they were meant for warm weather either!", "I mean, I guess they aren't but because of the fact dogs have become pets, I think through evolution, they don't mind the normal weather of day to day life", "That's true, I can't wait to come by tomorrow and see the garden!"], ["My garden has a fresh bunch of tomatoes that are ready to pick", "When will you be picking them? I really want to cook some pasta so maybe I could take some off of your hands, if they are spare?", "I'll pick them this weekend! I think we should have a few to give you. Do you have a special sauce recipe?", "Nothing too special, I just use a recipe book that I have had for years. I don't know where it came from actually, but the recipes I have tried have all tasted lovely.", "Haha I'm sure it beats my special recipe: Ragu! In all seriousness, not that many people make their own sauce from scratch these days.", "I feel compelled to make my own sauce because of how much sugar there is in the ones that you buy from the store. They are very unhealthy. Well, they can be. Creating your own sauce is super rewarding and not too difficult.", "With your level of discipline and health-consciousness, a garden is a must. I'm sure you would grow a brilliant garden!", "Other people have said that, I think it must be my attention to detail. I love making things look proper and neat. I just don't think that the dogs I walk (and sometimes look after) would care enough not to destroy a garden I made.", "Haha that's definitely a thing. Keeping pests out of my garden, people included, is a constant struggle.", "At that point, if you are growing vegetables, the chemicals you use to keep the pests away could be harmful and I don't know how comfortable I would feel eating that food. I guess all big corporations do it, so it probably wouldn't be much different.", "There are so many options on the market these days for pest control that I'm sure you could find something palatable. Not everything will make you grow an extra head haha.", "An extra arm would be useful for carrying things daily, I might look into one that could provide that, haha. You could give me a heads up when you buy some and I could look into it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am allergic to snakes and dairy.", "I teach jiu-jitsu to marines that will continue in the summer.", "I am currently in college. I will be taking summer courses at my college.", "I plan on becoming an allergist. I love milk, and I hope to drink more of it in the future.", "I want to learn scuba diving.", "I am taking summer classes, starting next week.", "I have a fax machine.", "I get along with my classmates. I live on Diamond Head Island.", "I am influential."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer scuba diving over martial arts. My favorite place to scuba dive is Bora Bora. I love snakes.", "I was a marine in the Vietnam war. I ate lizards back then.", "I got divorced recently.", "I am on a vacation in Hawaii, which is my third time doing so. I do not like school. I am retired now. I am a veteran. I spend my time relaxing and enjoying life. I am currently in Hawaii.", "I want to learn jiu-jitsu. I am signing up for martial arts class. I am excited to join the class.", "I live on Diamond Head Island.", " I am not trained to teach scuba diving, but I know a professional."], "current_conv": ["How was your first martial arts class?", "It was different, but exciting. I hope to attend another jiu-jitsu class next week- would you be open to giving me some pointers soon?", "Yeah of course, I would love to give any advice! And how was your week? Did you do any scuba diving recently?", "I was so tired from my first class I skipped this week! Hoping to get back out there in a couple days. Speaking of which, are you still interested in getting some scuba training?", "Yeah I am, just not now since I'm still taking my summer course for college and don't have too much extra time, but I'll sure to try it out when my class ends!", "Sounds like they're keeping you busy! Have you learned anything useful this week on your journey to be able to drink milk? Haha", "Yeah I've learned some interesting allergies, like allergies to water or grass. I didn't even know it's possible before! Now I'm trying to eat more diary products like cakes to get used to the milk.", "Oh wow, it must be rough to be allergic to water! Having cake as part of your homework makes school sound a lot more appealing than I remember.", "Technically it's not homework but I'm treating it as an assignment because why not, anything that can make homework sounds enjoyable is good. ", "I like the way you think! This cake talk is making me hungry- do you have any favorite Hawaiian dishes? I've had random luck with the dishes here and I'm ready for something really tasty.", "Not a dish but I like the hawaiian pizza with pineapple slices on the top. I'm not so sure if it's really authentic tho haha", "Controversial! I've never been a fan of pineapple pizza, but I bet a local place here will do a better job of it than delivery pizza- I might give it a shot. If things go south, I'll just be glad that at least it's not lizard pizza! "], "history_conv": [["Hi there do you like to learn martial arts?", "Nah, I prefer scuba diving. It reminds me of water snakes. I love snakes.", "I ate snake one time and I was allergic. I'm allergic to snakes and dairy.", "Sounds rough. I was a marine and back in nam'we had to eat lizards.", "Oh wow. I teach martial arts to marines. Specifically jiu-jitsu.", "Just got divorced. Can you teach me some jiujitsu to show her bf whos boss.", "Absolutely but it's a part time job as I am currently in college.", "I see, I'm on vacation in hawaii, this is my third time. I hate school.", "I'm jealous! I'll be in college taking summer courses so no hawaii for me.", "What do you plan on getting your degree in?", "An allergist. I love milk and want to find a way to drink it.", "Good choice! Maybe you can solve your snake issue too!"], ["I was talking with my boss a while ago regarding the martial arts class I was teaching, and they mentioned the class will continue in the summer. If your interested, I can help you enroll so you can learn jiu-jitsu this summer.", "Omg that would be perfect thank you so much. Just let me know the details of what you need from me and i will do i ASAP.", "Absolutely! Maybe you could get me into scuba diving, too!", "Yes of course. That would be such great fun. The next time I go I will for sure invite you. I think you will love it.", "Where's the best place in the world for scuba diving, in your opinion?", "Honestly my all time favorite place that i have done Scuba Diving has to be in Bora Bora. It was a beautiful experience.", "Oh wow! Did you fly there, or did you sail out there? A friend of mine once did Tahiti and Bora Bora on a yachting adventure!", "I flew there. But oh my next time i defiantly have to do a yachting adventure that must of been quite the experience.", "It sounded like an incredible time. One day when I win the lottery, I'm there lol.", "Yeah it must be quite an expensive adventure, but one i for sure need to look into.", "Are you retired now? I'm guessing you're living a pretty comfortable life these days!", "Yes i am retired now. I am a veteran so its now my time to relax and just enjoy life. Currently i am in Hawaii and this place is incredible."], ["I looked into it and I have the paperwork for you to sign up for my martial arts class. If you want to get together, we can go over it.", "Yes, I am extremely keen to go over it. It will give me something to focus my mind on. When are you next free?", "Any time in the next week before my summer classes start.  Just let me know when will work good for you.", "Thursday is the best day for me, I have a free day in my diary. Does that work for you? Do I need to bring any I.D to scan with the sign up sheet? Or any money?", "I think they'll take a check so you won't need to bring cash. I have a fax machine here so we can send it right over.  Yeah they may need your ID, so I'd suggest bring it just in case.", "Okay, perfect, thank you. I am honestly so excited, I can't wait. How many people attend the class, and do people tend to get along there?", "They like to keep the classes to no more than 12 or 15. And yes, I've always gotten along with everyone there.  I live on Diamond Head by the way. I forgot to ask which Island you live on?", "I live on Diamond Head too! It is such a small world. With 12 or 15 people max, do the classes receive a good attendance?", "Yes, it's a very popular Dojo!  I'm glad they had room for you. They said they'd reserve your space for the next week.", "Okay, perfect, thank you for your help with it all. Since you teach the jiu-jitsu, I guess that you have some authority. I was always told from young that it is not what you know, more WHO you know.", "Yes, I had some influence on getting them to reserve a space for you!  and I was glad to do it!  Maybe while you are still in Hawaii you can teach me something about scuba diving!", "I would love to return the favour. But, I would have to put you in contact with someone who has the required training to teach you, it can be very dangerous. Therefore, I think it is best that you go to a professional that I know. I could join you though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like baseball.", "I love lobster.", "I enjoy learning languages.  I speak French at night. I am currently going to school to get my degree in marketing.", "I hope to design ads for local non profit companies. I have a potential job with a local start-up.", "I use social media.", "I go to a community college. I am studying marketing.", "I rent my house.", "I watch TV to relax. I like French cinema. I prefer subtitles when watching foreign movies.", "I like snacks. I like popcorn.", "I make watercolors, but I am not good at it."], "partner_persona": ["I love baseball and so does my son.", "I do not eat meat. My son likes lobster and crab.", "I speak a little bit of German. My mom was born in Germany.", "I use social media.", "I like smaller colleges.", "I own my house. I am close to paying off my mortgage.", "I like the French language. I prefer subtitles when watching French movies.", "I like snacking on popcorn. I like ginger ale.", "I make watercolors."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite thing to paint?", "My work is a bit more abstract. It's not really off anything, just how I am feeling at the time.", "Right on. Are you typically inspired by random things, or does it come from similar sources? Maybe I should run some of my draft ad designs by you.", "I don't know if you would call it inspiration, but it just depends what happens to me on that day. If good things happen I would say my paintings look happier. I love to look at designs. Let me know when you want me to look at them!", "Thanks so much! I'll definitely keep you posted on what I create. Maybe we can inspire each other with our work. Do you a favorite popcorn, like regular stuff or the flavored kind?", "Kettle corn is my favorite. I will pick that whenever I can get it. I also really like caramel popcorn. Do you have any favorite flavors?", "Not really. I have a sweet tooth so the caramel always gets me, and I love salt and cheese so the cheesy stuff is great, too. By the way, just to follow up, my favorite colors on blue, black and green.", "I think all popcorn is great in general. I have a bad sweet tooth as well! Are there any other types of sweet snacks that you like?", "Pretty much anything with dark chocolate or coffee flavored. Margaritas are great, too, but they go down waaay too easily.", "Oh yeah you could get in trouble with those. Sometimes I do not even understand how there is alcohol in some of them.", "Ha ha; it's covered up by all the sugar. So, how close are you to paying off the mortgage? Seeing the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel?", "Very close actually. It was nice being able to get a house, but actually owning it soon is going to feel fantastic. Like I'm on the right path. I'm sure a great painting will be on the way when that day comes "], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you doing today?", "Very well thank you. How are you?", "Going to head out soon to play some baseball. I really like the game.", "I love baseball too. So does my son. We play every chance we get.", "After our game, we plan to head out to a nice seafood restaurant. I love lobster.", "I do not eat any kinds of meat but my son like lobster and crab.", "Do you speak any other languages? I enjoy learning them.", "Not fluently. I speak a little bit of german because my mom was born in germany.", "I am currently going to school to get my degree in marketing and talking french at night.", "Good luck with your degree! French is probably more useful than german:).", "I hope to design ads for local non profit companies.", "That is a great goal!!! Is it similar to volunteering?"], ["I've maybe got some work experience lined up to help a local start-up company with their marketing.", "Oh that sounds awesome, what kind of ideas do you have up your sleeve for their marketing program?", "First, they need to improve their online presence. They don't even have a single social media page!", "Ouch! It is hard to get ahead in today's business landscape when you are not even on social media. What school are you goiing to to get your marketing degree?", "Just the local community college. They've got a really flexible program, and they also have good contacts with local companies.", "Smart move, you get a similar education to those big public universities and you save yourself a lot of money in the long run.", "Exactly. I'd like to get out of the rent trap and buy my own place, and this has definitely helped me save up some money!", "Without a doubt, you mentioned earlier you like lobster too, maybe eating less of that will help you get out of the rent trap as well haha.", "Lol yes, it's expensive! I'm guessing you have your own house?", "I do, it is not currently paid off yet, still have a mortgage but getting close!", "Congratulations! That's a huge achievement! Do you have any tips as to how I might go about shopping for a house?", "Just be patient, you'll never find exactly what you want on the first try, keep an open mind to all locations as well."], ["It was a long day with classes. I think I'm going to watch some TV then hit the bed.", "That sounds good. I'm tired too. Anything special you're going to watch?", "I'm sorry to hear that. I was thinking of looking for a French film. Something about those accents really revs my engine.", "Yes. I love the French language. It's beautiful. I prefer subtitles rather than having them dubbed so I can hear the language.", "That's the best way to enjoy them! I think that dubbed voices rarely do the actors and the film justice.", "Oh, I agree! I need to find a new show to watch before bed. I have free time then because my son is asleep. Just need to find a good snack too.", "Gotta love those nights where you can just relax, snack, and drift off. What kind of snacks do you like?", "I love it when it's quiet at night. It's so peaceful. I like popcorn and I'm really thirsty so I'm thinking of grabbing some ice cold ginger ale.", "That sounds like a wonderful time. Do it! I'll make myself a bag of popcorn now that you mentioned it.", "It does sound good. Maybe I'll add a bit of butter and salt. It rained here all day so I had time to do some watercolors.", "I would love to see the finished work. I might have to commission a piece from you too since I just can't seem to make anything good when I try watercoloring.", "Sure! I'll send you some photos tomorrow. Just let me know what you would like and I'll do my best to paint it for you. And let me know your favorite colors."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love art. I am learning to oil paint.", "I have a wife. I have a tattoo of my wife's name Rose.", "My mom is not well. I help my mom a lot. I was worried about my mother.", "I only have one tattoo. I don't want any more tattoos. I think people find tattoos addictive.", "I really love my mom. I argue with my mom sometimes. I do not work with my mom.", "It has been difficult when my mother was sick."], "partner_persona": ["I went to NYC to see the graffiti.", "I got my fifth tattoo of a small tiger head in NYC. I can't paint.", "I own my mom's coffee shop. I work at a coffee shop.", "I have several tattoos I would like to get more tattoos. I got my first tattoo when I was 21.", "I work well with my mother."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought about getting any new tattoos?", "I'm ALWAYS thinking of getting new tattoos. The trick is figuring out how they'll fit with the ones I already have and what I could do with them later. Perhaps you're right about them being addictive! I admire you for stopping with the one.", "I see.  They are very artistic though.  I envy that you can work well with your mom.", "Yeah, I think we complement each other. Do you and yours have totally different personalities, or is it mainly the sickness that leads to the arguing and her needing help that leads to the arguments?", "It's a mix of both. It is quite stressful having to take care of work responsibilities and care for someone who is sick.  ", "I can only imagine. Hopefully you can get some \"you time\" soon. And it's great to hear she's feeling better so maybe things will improve. How is your wife handling everything?", "She's good. She's thinking of getting a tattoo.  Do you have any suggestions?", "Not really. Tattoos are super personal. That said, I'm more than happy to recommend some artists if you want. They might have something to inspire her. So you'll each have one! Think she'll get addicted?", "I don't think she'll get addicted. She has much more impulse control than me.  I'd love to hear some recommendations for artists.", "I'll email you some names/shops since I've used a few different ones. Maybe your oil painting will help you relax after any future arguments with your mom. It sounds like a relaxing hobby.", "That sounds great.  How's the coffee shop?", "Oh, it's great. Maybe you should drop in sometime! Perhaps some soothing tea would help you. I wouldn't mind seeing anything you've painted so far."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you today?", "Good day!! Im great. How are you?", "Yes good thank you. I've been busy today.", "Working? I just returned from nyc. We went to see the graffiti.", "Wow that sound really interesting. I love art I'm learning to do oil paintings.", "That is cool!! I got my fifth tattoo there. I wish I could paint.", "I'm not very good yet but im getting better. What is your tattoo of?", "It is of a small tiger head. Do you have any?", "I have my wife's name with a rose.", "That is nice!! I own my mom's coffee shop now. My tattoos have to be tasteful.", "I help my mom a lot as she has not been very well.", "I'm sorry, I hope she gets better..", "She is much better at the moment. I just like helping. Do you have a job?", "Coffee shop. Been nice chatting with you. Take care."], ["Are you hiring at your mother's coffee shop? I have a friend looking for a job.", "I'm not sure if she is hiring right now but i will ask and get back to you", "That would be great.  This friend of mine could really use a job and is very responsible and personable.  They're also very presentable.  But obviously if you're not hiring then you're not hiring.", "it always good to have great people working so i will for sure ask and get back with you asap.", "Okay, that sounds good.  I was wondering what your other four tattoos are of?", "One is my mom name, then i have one of flower with a rose. The other two is an awareness ribbons. Do you have more than one tattoo? Do you want more?", "No, I just have the one of my wife's name and a rose.  If I get divorced I guess I'll have to get it removed.  For now I don't think I'll add any.  Do you have an idea or desire for a sixth?", "yeah you can always get it removed are covered up.I do want another one day but not sure yet. I usually let my tattoo ideas come to me.", "How old were you when you got your first tattoo?", "I was 21 years old when i got my first now i can't seem to stop", "Yes, they do say that tattoos can be addictive.  Do you think you're actually addicted to it?", "no i believe i can stop at anytime i jut don't want to. it's the way i like to express myself"], ["I got some good news about my mom today! The tests all came back negative and she's been feeling well.", "that's great! what were they testing for again?", "Well they were testing for a bunch of different things. We've had a really difficult time narrowing it down.", "well i'm glad she's okay.  I know how much she means to you.", "Thank you. Yes, I don't know what I would do without her. How is your mother doing?", "she's doing well.  The coffee shop has been getting good business lately so she's very happy haha.  She had been stressed about money before.", "It's so good to hear that things are going better for her. Do you work at her coffee shop or a different one?", "i work at hers.  I actually own it now.", "Oh, I see. What's it like working with your mother? I think that I would get into too many arguments if I was working with mine, as much as I love her.", "It can be stressful sometimes but now that I've shown that I can run the place properly, she's pretty hands off and just lets me do my thing.  We get along pretty well at work now.", "Well it's good that it's working out for you both! It's good that she's staying active. It's been difficult to find things for my mother to do while she's been sick.", "I'm sure she'll be back at it soon."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drive a volkswagen.", "I watch British television.", "My family is from Italy, my grandmother came from there.", "I am a musician.  I am a fan of Beethoven and his moonlight sonata.", "I have two handguns. I find shooting relaxing.", "I like British accents. I am watching the original British \"Being Human\".", "I am Canadian. I like Monty Python.", " I am working on Beethoven's fifth. I am interested in working on something else. I am going to learn the Appassionata sonata. I like classical music.", "I like rock classics."], "partner_persona": ["I went skydiving.", "I live in Arizona.", "The only information I know about Britain comes from things I have read at Barnes and Noble.", "I am a government worker.", "I do not like shooting.", "I have both read and watched Call the Midwife.", "I have a Netflix subscription. I am watching \"Call the Midwife\".", "I am American. I like British television shows.", "I like Monty Python.", "I have a radio. I have Spotify. I listen to the Appassionata sonata on repeat.", "I like 70s yacht rock music. I am a man. I like classical music.", "I play guitar. I am busy. I admire professional musicians."], "current_conv": ["Could you give me 70s yacht rock recommendations?", "Kenny Loggins is a great place to start!  You're not getting bored of classical, are you?", "Oh no, I don't think I ever could lol. I'm just interested in branching out a little bit. I've never heard of Kenny Loggins. Is he pretty famous?", "Oh thank goodness, you worried me for a second, haha!  Classical buddies for life.  Yeah, he came out with some cool hits - ever heard \"Danger Zone\"?", "Oh, I think I have! I didn't know that was a Kenny Loggins song. I'll have to look into his other stuff. Have you listened to any interesting classical pieces lately?", "Yes, it's probably his most famous song.  And so fun to sing along haha.  Well, lately I've been going Baroque - Bach all day every day.", "Ah, I love a good Baroque piece. I'm more partial to the Classical period myself, but Bach's music definitely goes hard lol. Have you listened to any Beethoven recently?", "Absolutely, you know how I feel about his piano sonatas!  How's your practicing coming?  I know you were working on the Appassionata, making any progress?", "Slowly but surely! It always takes me a while to learn a new piece, but it's always worth it in the end! I love this piece so much, so I want to make sure I do it justice", "That's a great attitude to have.  I know how hard it is to learn a piece you love, it's like I always think I can be playing it better.  I wish I had more time to practice, but this 9 to 5 pays the bills.", "I know what you mean. Even now, I still wish I had more time to practice. It seems like there's never enough time to get it just right. But, I still keep trying to do my best!", "I'm glad you get some time to work on what you want to play, anyway.  Do you have to spend a lot of time learning music for performances?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing?", "Great, just got back from skydiving... How about you?", "Skydiving? Wow. I just came back from the grocery store driving my volkswagen.", "We do things different in arizona, like having pet lizards lol.", "I do not know much about arizona, I watch just british television.", "All I know of britian I learned from reading at barnes and noble lol.", "I just watch their shows but my family is from italy, my grandmother came from there.", "Nice, what do you do for a living?", "I am a musician, big fan of beethoven and his moonlight sonata, what about you?", "Nothing so exciting, government worker lol.", "Speaking of government, what is your position about gun control? I have two handguns.", "Do you want me to answer that personally or professionally?"], ["I went to a range to shoot.  I find it relaxing.  If you enjoy shooting, what is your favorite range?", "I actually don't enjoy shooting. What do you like about it?", "That's okay too. I like the experience and thrill of shooting guns and also having something to protect myself with.", "I see. Have you watched any interesting new British shows?", "I have not! I usually watch them because I like their accents. Have you seen any?", "I recently started watching Call the Midwife. I came across the memiors its based on at Barnes and Nobles.l", "I have not heard about that, but I'd love to watch it sometime with you!", "It is on Netflix! There is 10 seasons.", "What's the show about and have you learned anything new about Britain from it?", "It is about a young woman who goes to work as a nurse in 1960s London. All sorts of things. What is your favorite Engllish show?", "That sounds interesting, I'd enjoy listening to all their accents. I really like that popular show that everyone's been talking about!", "Hmm which one do you mean?"], ["Did you finish watching all 10 seasons of Call the Midwife on Netflix?", "I'm still working on it! I'm just approaching the halfway mark.", "Very good! I've been watching the original British version of Being Human, myself.  I'm up to season 3.", "How's it been so far? I feel like these British series are super addictive to us Americans haha.", "It's different from the Canadian version. Maybe a little less humorous, but I love hearing the accents! I still listen to Monty Python albums all the time!", "Monty Python is classic! So what's new with the music? Are you working on any new Beethoven?", "Well, I've been working on his fifth, but that's a little overdone.  Maybe I should try something else.", "Oh wow! I just heard the Appassionata sonata on the radio the other day and have been playing it on repeat on my Spotify lol. Maybe you should learn that one!", "Oh! I hadn't thought of that!  That would be perfect! Thank you!  So I take it you are an aficionado of classical music too?", "I definitely try to keep it in my listening diet. I'm a big 70s yacht rock guy, but I try to keep the local classical station in my rotation.", "That is refreshing to hear!  I'm all for rock classics, but there is something about classical music that moves the soul. Do you play any instruments?", "I play a bit of guitar. It's hard to find the time to keep my chops up, though. I definitely have a strong admiration for professionals like yourself."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in high school. I am also planning on going to college. I am a good student.", "I do not have a job. I like to run.", "I listen to music on the weekends.", "My parents do blue collar work. My dad works in steel factories.", "I don't have a dog but I would like one.I like having pets. I am a responsible person.", "I enjoy good hamburgers.", "I live with my parents. I want a dog of my own. My parents have a dog named Sparky.", "I like hamburgers a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I am in high school too. I am planning on going to college next year.", "I have a night job as a cook.", "I have a weekend job at a laboratory. I do not participate in sports.", "I like ice cream.", "I do not have parents, but I do have a dog who is deaf. I am a compassionate person. I have had dogs my entire life.", "I don't have a lot of free time.", "I like eating soup when I am sick."], "current_conv": ["How is the cooking job doing? Have you cooked anything new? ", "Yeah, I invented a chilli dog casserole. t's really good!", "No way! I'll have to stop by and try it, that sounds awesome. Maybe I'll come by after a run to get my energy back.", "The beans will pick you up!  I still have plenty left, so stop by for sure!  I can always make more too, because it's so fast and easy!", "You bet! How's the lab work going? Are you learning anything new with the research?", "We just did some interesting new things on genome sequencing.  We are going to try to clone a jersey cow next year.", "That's intense. How much longer do you have left in school? I'm just a freshman but I'm trying to get through it all in 3 years.", "Just two more weeks! I'm thinking about taking classes this summer to get a head start on my freshman year at college though.", "I did that my first summer and recommend it, you make such a close group of friends with your classmates! And it knocks a class off your schedule, which is also nice", "Yes!  I may have to give up my night job though.  They have told me at the lab they would be able to give me more hours there in the fall, which will help.  Especially since i want to major in molecular biology!", "So what I'm hearing is that I better come get some of that casserole ASAP lol", "Haha! Yep! And if you need a job this summer, maybe you'd want my night job if and when I quit it. It's not hard. It's mostly fry-cooking."], "history_conv": [["Ey, just a normal straight edge highschooler here.", "Hey, me, too, but I am already working really hard ahead of college next year.", "I see, same! I'm going to college and have gotten straight a's. Hard though.", "Yes, and my night job cooking hamburgers at a diner makes it tougher.", "I dont have a job but I run a lot. Burgers after a run are good.", "No time for sports for me, weekends feeding lab rats at a research lab!", "Weekends are just listening to music for me. Its like meditiation.", "The closest I get to meditation is gorging on ice cream after hours at the diner!", "Nice! I need it to stay sane. Parents dont support school. Blue collar workers.", "Wish I had parents, just me and deaf doggie. He's why I'm interested in neuroscience.", "Aw, thats sad. My dads a steel worker. He works long hours in factories.", "Hard work makes it in life! Good lesson for you, for us both."], ["Does your deaf dog know any tricks? How do you communicate with your dog?", "My dog isn't able to do any tricks. I mostly tell him he's being a good boy by patting his head. It really comes down to physical affection with him.", "You must be a great dog owner. I would love to get a dog, what breed is yours and what is his name?", "He is a sweet little beagle named Sparky.", "How cute! Have you ever had any other pets? I once had a hamster named Leonardo.", "That sounds cute. I had another dog named Paco when I was a lot younger. I bet that your dog would enjoy running with you if you got one.", "Yes, that is a great idea. I know border collies like to run, well they like to chase sheep anyway. Maybe that would be a good breed to get.", "Yeah, I think so too. It's really great for them to get a lot of exercise. I wish I had more time to take my dog outside.", "Yes, you seem really busy. Maybe I can come take your dog for a walk sometimes to see if I am fit for the responsibility of a dog while also helping you out at the same time.", "I think that would be a great idea. Sparky would really love to have the company!", "Sounds like a plan! Maybe afterwards I can stop by the diner and try these famous hamburgers you make!", "Haha, well they are pretty great. Just be careful, because you might get addicted to them!"], ["I spoke to my parents when I got home about possibly getting a dog. They we hesitant at first but once I said I'd be walking yours they said they'd see how that went and consider it! I would totally still walk Sparky, though. Do they like other dogs?", "They love other dogs. Although, being deaf makes it difficult for recall so you need to leave them on the lead.", "That makes sense. Do you think it's harder having dogs with hearing issues?", "Definitely harder, but they love the same and they have their own personalities.", "I bet they do have their own personalities! Dogs definitely love unconditionally. I've said for years that humans could learn quite a bit about love if they'd pay attention to how dogs love.", "Preach that, it is amazing that no matter how much they have enjoyed their day, they are so happy to see you. My dog is very loving and pays a lot of attention, maybe because of the deafness.", "It sounds like your dog loves you beyond measure.", "Yes they do! You'll never guess what I had for dinner tonight...", "What did you have for dinner?", "Hamburgers! You love hamburgers so I thought you would appreciate hearing about it. I had cheese, mustard, and lettuce on them, too.", "That's awesome! Hamburgers are the best. I had cheesy ham and potato soup!", "ooooo, that sounds lovely, also. I haven't had soup for ages. I usually ham soup when I am ill, because of its liquid nature and warmth"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am divorced. ", "I live in Florida. I immigrated from Britain. I like living in Florida more than the UK. I live on the Gulf coast. I prefer the Gulf coast to the Atlantic coast.", "I'm a metal worker.", "I have a daughter. I enjoy taking my daughter to museums.", "I make art.", "I am a woman. I am older."], "partner_persona": ["I'm not married. I have a girlfriend.", "I live in America.", "I also do landscaping, sales, envelope stuffing, and painting. I like painting in apartments and buildings. I also do waterpainting. I love all kinds of art.", "I work with my friend.", "I used to love winter, now I am intolerant of winter.", "I plan to move to Florida in two years. I think the US east coast is lovely.", "I like museums.", "I am working on a project for my boss. I am critical of my art.", "I have a connection at State U associated with art."], "current_conv": ["How's the art project for your boss coming along now?", "It's not really going well now because some logistic issues that are too complicate to explain here... Anyways, how was your day?", "It was fantastic! I am making art in Florida, and it didn't rain today! How was your day?", "I was busy sorting out the art project but at least I'm half done now! I'm taking a break and just want to empty my mind haha. How was your daughter doing by the way?", "She's doing great! We went to the Dali museum today for the first time. It is very inspiring. You'll have to check it out when you move here!", "Oh I never heard of the Dali museum, what does it have? And I'm glad you had a great time!", "It has a permanent collection of over 2,400 of Salvador Dali's works. It also has random objects from his life and information about his history. There is a free Dali Museum App! You should get it!", "Woah sounds exciting! I will get the app for sure and definitely go there. And did the visit inspire you to make any art pieces?", "Yes! I started a surreal painting of a monitor melting over someone's face as they stare into a dark abyss.", "Haha that's dark and funny at the same time, I love your sense of humor! Do you have any other works with similar themes?", "I have an entire deviantart profile with abstract and psychedelic digital art and also a redbubble with many prints available for purchase! ", "That's mad cool! I'll definitely purchase some to support you when I get some money! "], "history_conv": [["I wish I wasn't divorced. It's hard raising one child..", "I can imagine it would be im not married but my girlfriend has 2 kids.", "Life is so hard in the united states. I immigrated from britain last year.", "I hope that your life gets better here in america.", "I'm sure it will over time. I'm a metal worker, what's your profession?.", "I do this on mtrurk,landscaping,sales,envelope stuffing,painting,all kinds of things.", "Very nice! What type of paintings do you create?.", "Lol,i do like painting in aprtments and buildings that sort of painting,i do waterpainting as well though.", "Haha my mistake. That's great, sounds like you're the jack of all trades.", "Yeah funny you mention that I work with my freind who owns john of all trades.", "Hopefully it's not too hot doing all that landscapping work. I know the summers can be dreadful.", "Yeah I dont mind though ive become intolerant of the winter I used to love it.", "Living in florida is so much different to britain. The winters were so bitter..", "Oh I can imagine,so how do you like america?"], ["Today was the hottest day I've ever experienced here in Florida!", "So do you enjoy the heat more than the cold in Britain?", "Haha it's an adjustment, but overall I'd call it an improvement! When are you moving here?", "Oh I'm moving down in two years. I can't wait for the beautiful summers.", "You'll love it! Have you scoped out a particular city or region in Florida?", "Southern Florida looks like fun, but anywhere on the east coast looks lovely. What area are you in?", "I'm near Sarasota, on the gulf coast. I've found that the vibe is much more relaxed on the gulf than on the Atlantic.", "Oh is that so? Is there a lot of fun things to do or places to go?", "Totally! There's something for everyone, though it's geared toward a more mature crowd. Lots of arts and cultural stuff, but also gorgeous, tranquil beaches and classy restaurants.", "Oh that sounds wonderful. Any places or activities you like to do with your daughter in particular?", "I enjoy taking her to the museums around here. It's so educational for her!", "That sounds perfect. I love all kinds of art and I would like that kind of atmosphere"], ["Have you ever been to an art museum?", "I do! Sometimes I find inspiration for my waterpainting by seeing some of the artwork at the museum.  How about you?", "I have. My daughter loves them as she wants to be come an artist one day. So I take her to see what other have done before her.", "It completely slipped my mind that you like going to museums, duh!  I am so happy they you are encouraging your daughter's passion for art.  Do you dabble in any art yourself?", "I try, but I am not very good at it. But we try to make art together because she loves it. How is that big water painting for your boss going?", "It's been an interesting experience so far.  I start out really strong and thought I'd have it done in no time, then I hit a couple snags.  I'm getting back into it and I think I may be finished by Thursday (just in time for her deadline!)", "That is good. I am sure she will love it. You always were a great painter.", "That is so kind of you to say.  I can be pretty hard on my work, but you and others have always been so encouraging. I appreciate it!", "We should get together one day and you can look at my daughters work and tell me what you think. She doesn't believe me when I say she is good. She tells me your mom you have to say that..lol Kids.", "LOL.  The picture you shared of her art project was pretty impressive.  If that was any indication of her work, I am sure it's really fantastic. Is she thinking about studying are in college?", "She wants to, but is scared her work isn't good enough. She posted a few of her stuff online for sale and they were all brought. A couple even gave more then she asked saying her price was to low for something so awesome.", "Wow!  That's pretty impressive.  Well, if she is thinking about college, I might be able to put in a good word.  My friend is a benefactor of the art department at State U!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like seafood.", "Walking on beach, hiking, and learning new languages are my favorite activities.", "I speak four languages fluently. I study marketing. I'm a masters student at college. I almost finished school. I am preparing final exams.", "I want to go to the beach. I like oysters. I don't go out much lately. I am trying to save money.", "I enjoy riding jet skis. I have never been surfing."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite food is cornish pastys.", "I like seafood.", "I speak Spanish and English fluently.", "I want to walk on the beach. I love oysters. I love going out but lately I am at home watching movies and reading.", "I work in an office. I am in this company for two years and hoping for a promotion next year.", "I like riding jet skis. I am a novice surfer."], "current_conv": ["I found another interesting restaurant by the beach that we can try out. Although that last restaurant will be hard to beat.", "It really would, but I believe in you haha. What kind of food is it?", "Seafood of course! I'm so glad I have a friend who enjoys seafood as much as me. A lot of people don't like oysters so its hard to find true fans like us.", "I think it is just people think they look gross so they won't try them. They are the ones missing out", "So true. I think because we both love the beach, jet skiing, and other water activities- we're more used to this stuff. Maybe you can bring me out when you go surfing next time.", "I'd love to! Is this your way of telling me you're ready to try surfing?", "Haha yes of course! You know me, I already LOVE outdoor activities and trying new things! You can teach me surfing and I could bring you along on my next hike. That would also help you get out of the house more!", "I really do need to get out more so I will take you up on that! Are you available to come to the beach next week. The weather is supposed to be perfect and it would be a great time to start. I'm still a novice myself, but I know I can help you get started", "Yes! I love that we can hold each other accountable like that and go enjoy the fresh air. The added bonus of it all is that it will also help me save money! Nothing better than a free activity ", "Saving money is one of my favorite things. Though I am saving up for a jet ski. Not sure if that is a smart purchase", "I think anything that brings you joy is an excellent purchase. Especially since you're due for a promotion soon, I think you could totally justify getting a jet ski. You deserve it!", "You think so? I can't help but feel it is a purchase I might regret one day. But I know I would love it in the short term."], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today?", "Not too bad, how are you?", "Not too shabby. Whats your favorite food?", "Have you ever heard of cornish pastys? I really like those!", "No I haven't. I'll have to check into it. I favor seafood mainly.", "I like seafood too. Do you like walking on the beach?", "Beaches, hiking, learning new languages.", "How many languages do you speak?", "4 fluently. Hoping it will be useful for my marketing degree.", "I am fluent in spanish and english. Are you still in high school?", "No. I currently am in college finishing up my masters degree.", "Oh cool, guess what I'm doing next week?"], ["I have been very busy during the last week as I had to prepare myself for final exams. I just took the last one this morning and now I have one week ahead of me to take some deep breath from everything. The weather is very nice. I bet there will be a huge crowd coming to the beach this weekend to take a sun shower. How interested are you for a morning walk on the beach this weekend? After that we can have the lunch at the great seafood restaurant that has been recently opened by the beach. What do you think?", "I would love to walk on the beach this weekend! The weather is supposed to be great. Lunch at that restaurant sounds great, too.", "Wonderful! Do you like oysters? I think they have a special on them, depending on what time you go.", "I love oysters. That would be wonderful! You are really good at planning outtings. Do you go out much?", "Not lately, as school has been really hectic. On top of that, I'm trying to keep my spending at bay, though I do love to splurge on oysters once in a while!", "That makes a lot of sense. I love going out, but I've been spending a lot of time inside lately, catching up on movies and reading.", "Do you have a busy work schedule? I'm curious as to what you do!", "I guess I have a pretty regular schedule. I work in an office. It's not too exciting, but it pays the bills. haha", "That's always a good thing! I'm trying to mentally prepare for being in an office. I'm ready to be done with school, but I suppose the grass is always greener haha.", "Yeah, it's just a different kind of busy. haha The most important things are just do your job as best you can and keep out of coworker drama.", "How long have you been at your current company?", "A couple years now. It's a pretty good company. I'm hoping to try for a higher position maybe next year."], ["I have checked the restaurant, and if we go there by 11AM this weekend, they are able to serve us very fresh oysters!", "Excellent! It will be awesome for me to get out of the house for a bit. What other types of food do they have there?", "It is mainly seafood, if I am honest. That's why I picked it because I know how much you love it.", "Great for me! I'm glad we can both agree on getting seafood. Is it a place near the beach? Anything else you want to do while we're out there?", "Yeah, it is about 10 minute walk to the beach. I am not sure if you can rent the jet skis there at the moment, but if you can, we should. Make sure to bring your water clothes", "Sounds good, I'll plan on it. Should be a great afternoon. How much time do you think you'll have? I know you're super busy with your studies", "I have erased the whole day from my schedule to do with work. We should have the whole day to explore and spend together, if you are free. Is that alright with you?", "Sounds excellent to me! It will be awesome to have a day out of the office. We can look into jet skis and I definitely want to walk on the beach. Have you ever gone surfing?", "I haven't been surfing, actually. Do you know if they offer that close by, or are you experienced?", "I have been surfing only a few times but I'd be happy to give you some pointers if we can find a place to do it, unless there's anything else you'd rather do", "No, I think jet skis, walking on the beach, and maybe surfing is enough for one day. Along with the restaurant. As free as the day is for me in terms of work, I don't want to be exhausted for the day after.", "That definitely makes sense. We could try to wrap everything up by late afternoon so we can both rest that night. I will have to be back at work after Memorial Day anyways"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a single male.", "I don't sing. I enjoy the outdoors. I like to read.", "I am not a dancer.", "I want to stay single and not marry.", "I don't have children.", "I love dogs. I don't have any dogs. I don't paint.", "I live in an apartment. I have a lot of books. I want to have a room for a library. I like cats.", "I am also allergic to cats. I would love to get a hairless cat.", "I prefer quality furniture to budget furniture. I do not like IKEA furniture. I am planning to go over to someone's house to help them assemble their new furniture.", "I have been busy. The last book I read was Animal Farm."], "partner_persona": ["I have two puppies who like hot dogs and steak.", "I police the mall near my home.", "I have no children.", "I just moved into a new house 3 days ago. I need to shop for furniture. My new house is very spacious. I plan to make a room just for my dogs. I like cats. I am allergic to cats.", "I may be moving soon. My new place will be bigger than the one I live in now. I am going to give my dogs their own room. I need new furniture. I would like someone to help me put some furniture together.", "I have never read Animal Farm. I am often busy with work."], "current_conv": ["How's the new house coming along?", "it's going great! I am glad to finally be settling in but we really need furniture. any suggestions on where to shop?", "I do not really know of a place to shop for furniture. How long are your going to be in the house before you move into the bigger on? ", "I hope we are here for a long time. I want my family to have stability, you know?", "I did not think you had children? I guess you mean your dogs? I though you wanted yo move into a bigger house soon? I was going to say wait and get furniture when you move into the bogger house you was talking about.", "I don't have children, but I think of my pets as my family. their lives are shorter than human lives, and I don't wanna keep destabilizing them. I do ultimately wanna live somewhere bigger, but not for a long time yet.", "I know what you mean about pets being like children. Where are you thinking of getting furniture from? What all do you have to get?", "I think I will try shopping online so I can jsut have everything delivered and not deal with sales people! maybe amazon? or world market? I need to get two couches and some arm chairs for the formal living room", "I would try amazon. But sometimes the quality of the furniture is not so goo. But you could always get something cheap for now and then eventually get something better.  ", "yeah that's what i'm thinking. if I don't overpay now I won't be sad replacing it!", "Yes, don't pay to much now and the upgrade when you find something you really like. What color couches are you looking for?", "I want either navy blue or like, a deep lime green. something really vibrant. what's your favorite color?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there I'm a single male, what about you?", "I am grilling steaks in my new house as we speak. You sing?.", "No, I don't sing though I enjoy the outdoors and I like to read.", "Great! I have two dogs who love hot dogs too. You dance?", "No I'm not a dancer either, maybe that's why I'm still single.", "Funny! I police the mall near my home. You work?", "I'm working on staying single and not marrying.", "I see. I need new furniture for my unfinished house. Any ideas?", "Do you have children, I don't and maybe that should be considered regarding furniture choices.", "No children here. I have two dogs who love steaks like me. You paint?", "I don't paint, but I do love dogs.", "Great! Bet you love grilling dog steaks like me too. Just kidding."], ["So how long have you been in your new house now?", "About 3 days now! I've been trying to shop for furniture and other items, especially for my dogs.", "Is it a spacious house? How many rooms? Are the dogs adjusting well to their new home?", "There's lots of space for the dogs and they love it here! They have plenty of rooms to explore and hangout in.", "What are you going to do with all that space? An entertainment room? A workout room? A library?", "I'm gonna make a room just for my dogs! You are welcome to come and help decorate or play with my dogs!", "Oh, I will. Does next Saturday work for you, say about 10 in the morning? I know what I would do: I'm being crowded out of my apartment by all the books. It would have to be a library room for me.", "That sounds great, I can't wait to see you! Haha I can't imagine having that many books around. My dogs would chew them up.", "I love dogs, but that's why I don't have any! I would be knee-deep in shredded literature!", "When you get a new place you could always make that library room you wanted and keep the door closed!", "Yep, and when I buy a home, that's what I'll do. But in the apartment it's just one big room. Dogs and books could not co-exist peacefully! For the moment, give me a nice, quiet pussycat!", "Haha a cat would be great for an apartment. Much easier to care for than dogs."], ["Do you think your dogs would get along with cats?", "Probably, they are friendly little puppies. The only reason I don't have cats is because I'm allergic. Why don't you have animals?", "I am also allergic. It is such a pain because I really want cats, but I could get a hairless cat? Sphinx cat, I think they are called?", "They are not the fluffiest or cuddliest by any means haha but you would get your cat! My new place would have room for cats, how about your apartment?", "Cats dont tend to need too much space, so I think my apartment is fine. How much bigger is your new place?", "There is more space for some big furniture, the dog room of course, and maybe a gym. I still haven't decided. Do you know of any good places for new furniture?", "I have heard that IKEA is good for furniture, but I think there is something less sturdy about flat pack furniture as opposed to professionally made furniture.", "IKEA is great, definitely cheaper stuff but with good quality. Maybe you can come over to help me assemble some stuff and meet my dogs!", "Yes, although I have my reservations about the furniture itself, I am more than capable and willing to help you build them. Also, with the added perk of meeting your dogs, how could I possibly say no?", "Haha awesome! I'll definitely take your advice on the furniture. By the way, have you read any good books recently?", "I haven't had a lot of free time recently to sit down and enjoy a book. But, the one I read most recently, which was amazing and I totally recommend, was Animal Farm by George Orwell.", "George Orwell is great! Haven't read that one though, I'll have to check it out. I haven't had much relaxing time either, I've been working a lot lately."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I only have one dog. I love spending time with all sorts of animals.", "I would love to go to France. I love coffee and I enjoy finding new ways to brew it.", "I like burgers. I try to eat healthy and stay active. I go running, hiking, and camping. I like having time for leisure.", "I studied at UCLA in California. My major was marketing. I live in New York.", "I will be going to Australia in 3 months.", "I write a blog. I live in the US on the east coast."], "partner_persona": ["I have two dogs.", "My father served in the navy.", "I don't really drink coffee. I really like burger and fries.", "I was an only child.", "I am a HS teacher. While I was in Europe I visited France and Spain and learned both their languages. I live in the United States. I studied in Paris and Madrid.", "I like my students.", "I have visited Eastern Europe."], "current_conv": ["I've decided to visit Mexico next week for a month. It will give me some good content for my blog.", "Nice. Will you be staying in one place or moving all around?", "I can't wait!  I'm going to pack in as much as I can and will travel all over.  I'll start on the west coast by the beaches!", "I've never been myself but my cousins have and their pictures looked amazing. Make sure you bring extra chargers and memory cards so you have enough space. Is your blog about travel?", "Oh that's awesome advice, thanks!  Yes and no - I write about travel whenever I can, but there's also a lot about food, lifestyle, and of course coffee.", "Sounds interesting and like it wouldn't be tedious to write since the topics vary.  You'll definitely have a lot of inspiration down in Mexico. A lot of food and culture to choose from. When do you leave?", "I head out next week!  So I'll be running around Mexico for a month, then I'm back here on the east coast for two months, then I head to Australia!  This year is going to rock!  You've travelled a lot, have you made it to Australia yet?", "Not yet but it's on the list. Let me know how many deadly creatures you run into so I'm prepared when I go. How long will you be in Australia?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing?", "I'm pretty well, how are you?", "Fine, just came back from hiking in the great outdoors.", "Awesome! Do you have any dogs? I have two.", "I have one dog, I like to spend time with all kind of animals, love them.", "Sweet! Where did you go to school? I studied in france and some in spain.", "France and spain, wow. I studied here in california.", "Nice! I only studied there because my father served in the navy.", "I would love to go to france, I love coffee and try new ways to brew.", "Nice, I'm not much of a coffee drinker. Do you like burgers?", "Sure, but I am trying to eat healthy now and go outside to run, hike, and camp.", "Wow, I wish I were that healthy. I really like them and fries.", "I like to have as much leisure activity as I can so I started going outdoors.", "That's a good idea. I grew up an only child, so outdoors would be a good idea."], ["What did you study in France and Spain? Specifically, what was your major that you decided on in those two countries.", "My major was education, languages specifically. I wanted to learn French and Spanish while I was there so I could be a high school language teacher when I returned to the United States. Now I have been teaching for 15 years. I love it! I find it very rewarding.", "That is Amazing. Did you study in Paris?", "Yes, I did study in Paris. And in Spain I studied in Madrid. You mentioned that you studied in California. What did you study? Do you still live there?", "I did study at UCLA. I was a marketing major and moved to New York.", "Oh interesting! Which do you like more (besides the weather) New York or California?", "I definitely prefer California but had a great opportunity in New York. Where in France would you recommend someone to go to see?", "Paris would be a great place to do many touristy things. The fashion district in Paris is amazing. If you ever get the chance to go during fashion week, it is unreal!"], ["How was teaching  your class today? I bet it's fun teaching high school students.", "They are a handful, but they are always making it exciting! Being an only child and now feeling like all of these high schoolers are my children is a big change of pace haha!", "Oh how the tables have turned. Do you struggle keeping control of your students?", "Yes, they definitely out number me, but I'll be sad once they all leave. I've actually had a few students mention their top pick for university to be UCLA. Do you have any recommendations I could pass along to them?", "Recommendations in terms of courses that they could study, or in terms of something else?", "Everything! Class & application recommendations, best teachers, best places around campus?", "Yes, I will write-up a document of my experience and some do's and dont's that they may find to be useful. Once I have done that, I will send it over to you so you can distribute it. If there is anything they want to ask specifically, let me know.", "Thank you so much, they will definitely appreciate that. I don't want to take up too much of your time to write it- I know how much you traveling and adventuring. Have you been anywhere new recently?", "It won't take me too long and I could work on it over a week to give your students chance to think of any pressing questions. I haven't been anywhere new recently, but I have booked at trip to Australia for 3 months time, great barrier reef bound.", "How beautiful! That will be quite the adventure. The farthest I've gotten is Eastern Europe, but would love to see Australia. You'll have to tell me the best vacation spots!", "I already have a list of my favourites that I collated for my blog. I could send you the link to it if you want?", "Please, I'd love to read it! Will your flight leave from New York or stop somewhere on the west coast before flying out of the states?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like chocolate ice cream.", "My dad has brown hair. My dad was in the military.", "I like to read. I read a book on autism.", "I work for a non profit that helps underprivileged youth.", "I found a good book about working with community youth. I love reading fiction. I especially like murder mysteries. My favorite book of all time is To Kill a Mockingbird.", "I enjoy reading mystery books. I have read Gone Girl. I like to eat ice cream while reading.", "I admire Martin Luther King Jr."], "partner_persona": ["I like chocolate ice cream. I have brown hair.", "I am close with my family. My mom works with special needs people. My mom believes in being educated.", "I am latino.", "I am a healer. I worked with a local healer.", "I provide therapy to people. I trained under a local healer. I went to a community college. I have a degree in mindfulness.", "I like to read biographies. My favorite is one about Martin Luther King. I think everyone should read To Kill a Mockingbird."], "current_conv": ["I just started reading another murder mystery, The Last Goodbye. I can't put it down.", "What's it about? I've started the new Michelle Obama autobiography a couple of days ago.", "Well I don't want to spoil too much of its content since it's a murder mystery, but basically a woman who can talk to spirits connect people with their deceased loved ones. And how was your reading of Michelle Obama's autobiography?", "I've never been really involved in politics, so it was interesting to read about the initiatives she's started during her time as first lady. Your book sounds very interesting, has a mix of paranormal storytelling in there too.", "Yeah I definitely recommend you to read it if you get a chance! Speaking of which do you have any other book recommendations?", "Hmm.... let me think about it.... Is there a certain topic you enjoy and want to learn more about, like crime, science, etc? It'll give me an idea of what book to recommend.", "I usually prefer murder mysteries but I do want to expand my genera, I think some non fiction books like with science or food might be interesting.", "You know what? I bet you'd love Mindhunter. Have you heard of it? They even made it into a Netflix show. It's about these two FBI agents that start the department for serial killers, and the stories of their interviews with famous ones.", "Oh I never did, the premise sounds interesting so I might take a look! Do you think the book is better or the show is better?", "The show does a great job of making the stories feel real, but I always think the books are better. There's just so many details that get cut out that make it a more enjoyable read.", "I guess that's the case with basically all the adoptions I can think of haha, the book will always have more details. Oh also I'm thinking of joining a book club lately!", "Does it meet online, or in person? I think the in-person ones sound really interesting, I just can never find the time with my job. I'm usually busy from early morning all the way into the evening. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Great and you?", "Good, just finished eating some chocolate ice cream.", "Chocolate ice cream, yumm that's about the same color as my hair ;-).", "My dad had brown hair too; he was in the military.", "I love my family, my mother works with special needs clients.", "That's awesome! I just read a book about autism; I love to read.", "Me too! But I had no choice growing up latina, mom always pushed education.", "Same for me. Maybe that's why I work for a small nonprofit that helps underprivileged youths.", "Lol I kind of went the other route and became a healer.", "That's awesome. Well, it was nice talking with you today!", "It really was fun, thanks!"], ["I was at the book store and found a great new book to read on the advantages of working with youth in the community.", "Oh wow that sounds awesome, what are some of the tips they give?", "I haven't started it yet, so I am not sure, but I will fill you in once I read it! How was your day today, what exactly do you do as a healer?", "Basically it is a therapy type thing. I listen to people vent about their problems and give them advice that helps them clear their mind.", "That sounds interesting. Where did you go to do your training to become a healer?", "I got my degree in mindfulness at the local community college, I then trained under a healer at a local therapy location", "Oh that's great! What do you like to do when you are not healing people?", "I really enjoy reading, a big fan of biography books", "I love to read too, but I am more interested in fiction. What is the best biography you have read?", "The best auto-biography I ever read was about the life of Martin Luther King Jr. Super inspiring. What is your favorite fiction book?", "I bet that book was extremely inspiring! I love murder mysteries right now, but my all time favorite book would have to be To Kill a Mockingbird.", "To Kill a Mockingbird is an absolutely legendary book, something everyone needs to read."], ["Was it difficult to earn your degree in mindfulness?", "It was not difficult. I learned some of it from a local healer so it was easy for me in school.", "Wow thats awesome. What was it working under a healer ?", "It was a great experience working under a healer. He thought me the nuisances of healing.that you cannot learn from books", "Its always good to have first hand experience. I have just finished reading a new mystery book.", "oh really, what book was that?", "gone girl there was a movie based on it, eating icecream while reading a book is such a comfortable feeling. Try reading it if you have free time", "The name \"gone girl\" is familiar. I am going to look it up after work.", "Yes it was a best selling book at one point. You said your favorite book is biography of Martin luther king why?", "I like how united the country and people together for a cause", "Yes he was such an inspiration to the black community wish we have such a leader today", "yes I agree. It is not like the days set in the book \"To Kill a Mockingbird\" but there is still inequality."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My hair is bright red.", "Sometimes I wish I had plain hair.", "I like biking and hiking.", "I do not have a pet. I am considering adopting a dog.", "I have been hiking in Scotland. I like to adventure.", "I know the Pacific Coast Highway in the USA."], "partner_persona": ["I like coffee.", "I am an entrepreneur.", "My hair is brown.", "I like going to the ocean with my dog. I have a Cocker Spaniel named Susie. I had a Golden Retriever when I was young.", "I live in the northeast part of my country. I sometimes travel to warmer areas.", "I am a dropshipping entrepreneur.", "I am a middle man between suppliers and distributors. I make money by marking up prices while marketing to a large audience.", "I work remotely. Most of my work is advertising. My work is easy.", "I have been to Scotland. I did the North Coast 500 in Scotland. I like to drive and hike."], "current_conv": ["Could you give me some more information about getting started in dropshipping?", "Sure! Basically to get started in dropshipping, you just order goods from a distributer when the buyers are interested. You can make a lot of money in the middle ground with selling them for a higher price. Its kind of like flipping a home and making a profit. Are you interested in that job too?", "Maybe! I definitely need to find some creative ways to make money.  Someone told me the other day that they want to buy my hair, but I don't think that would be very steady work! haha", "Oh wow! I've heard of people who like things like that. Maybe if you could sell it for a super high price, it would be worth it! I agree though, thats why I like remote work. These days its just not worth it for me to commute to a 9-5 everyday. Where do you work right now?", "They are a wig manufacturer and they said they'd give me $300 for a pound of my hair.  I don't think I'd want to cut off that much of it though, even though I don't like it.  I've basically been working as a dog/walker, florist delivery/ all kinds of odd jobs. I'd rather work from home as much as possible.", "That's fair.. it does take a long time to grow back hair and I wouldn't say 300 bucks is worth it. Those jobs sound really fun, I always wanted to get into odd jobs. I feel like my day schedule would be really fun and interesting. But yeah, there are definitely pros and cons to both sides. ", "I've been trying to pass a test to become a audio transcriber, but it's really hard.  I'll find something eventually.  I'm pretty creative and like to think outside of the box.  That's why I asked you more about dropshipping.", "I can tell you some more about advertising if you'd like! I picked it as my profession because I also felt like I had a passion for creativity and art. I really like getting to express myself through my work so I got really lucky. What ways do you like to be creative?", "Well, I'm not particularly artistic or anything, but I can look at a situation, and imagine how it can be changed with a little tweaking here, and a little tweaking there, and I wind up creating a  whole new situation from it, if that makes sense. And yes I'd love to hear more about advertising!", "Wow, in that case you should look into consulting! Before I did advertising I worked as a consultant for a bit, and their jobs were entirely about being able to assess a situation and make some useful tweaks", "Hmm!  That sounds like something that I would enjoy!  I probably don't have the credentials for it though.  I'll have to look into it.", "You'd be surprised! Entry level analysts can get by in consulting. You just have to be able to talk to people and be charismatic! And just by knowing you I can tell you'd be great at it!"], "history_conv": [["Just got up and ready for the day. How are you today?", "Pretty good. You?.", "Not bad. Trying to get motivated.", "I know how feel. Coffee lots of coffee.", "Sometimes it still seems like it's not enough.", "True there. But I am an entrepreneur so it is easier for me I guess.", "That's awesome. Nothing extraordinary over here. Except maybe my hair, with it being bright red.", "Lucky you!! Mine is just a plain brown.", "Sometimes wish it was plain, lots of questions asking if it's natural.", "True. People are mean sometimes. What do you like to do?", "Biking and hiking are two favorites. How about you?", "I like going to the ocean with my dog (a.k.a. My best friend) :)."], ["What kind of dog is it that you have?", "She's a cocker spaniel named Susie. She's fantastic and I love her.", "Aww she sounds so sweet! How old is she?", "About five years old. She's very friendly and smart. When it's time for walks, she gets her leash and brings it over. haha", "That's adorable! What part of the country are you in? Is it easy to walk her year-round?", "I live in the northeast, but I travel a lot. She's not a fan of the cold, but when I can travel to warmer areas, she comes with me. Do you have any pets?", "I've been thinking about getting a dog, but I have so much trouble making up my mind on what kind to get! What suggestions do you have?", "Well, it depends a lot on what you have in mind. When looking for a pet, think about things like: Will you have time to take care of them? If you have to travel, can they come with or do you have someone to look in on them? Do you want a quiet pet? Do you want a pet to play with? etc., etc. There's a lot to think about. I got my girl because she's easy to travel with and very friendly.", "I should probably think about getting a smaller breed, in all honesty. Have you ever owned a large dog?", "I have. My family had a golden retriever when I was young. He was a great dog. He's play with us out in the yard and go with us on walks around the block. He didn't like to be cooped up indoors, though. It's a good things we were very active kids. haha"], ["So what exactly do you do as an entrepreneur? What line of business are you in?", "I am in the dropshipping business, if you know what that entails?", "Hmm I'm not quite sure what is. Could you elaborate?", "So, I essentially act as a middle man between suppliers and distributers. I list products from them to a large audience, on a platform, and mark up the price because of my exposure to potential clients.", "Oh that makes sense! Do you enjoy your work? Does it require a lot of traveling?", "No, it is all remote, I never see the products, I just act as an advertiser really. It is very easy for the money it generates. Do you travel a lot?", "That sounds nice, seems like more down time from working remotely. I love to travel, I'm always trying to find new hiking spots", "Have you ever been to Scotland, they have some wonderful hiking spots!", "Yes! I actually did the west highland way hike. It was so beautiful! That trip made me want to adventure even more", "Have you heard of the North Coast 500?", "I think so- it's kind of like the Pacific Coast highway of Scotland right?", "Yes, you drive around for about 500 miles but there are hiking spots along the way. It is meant to be one of the most beautiful journeys ever!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work for jnj.", "I am going snowboarding.", "I have a good deal on a Nissan Altima. I just bought a brand new Nissan.", "I'm not much of a camping person. I want to try camping.", "I like to go snow boarding. I used to live near the mountains. I want to take lessons for driving in the mountains.", "I don't like to drive in the mountains.", "I am not sure if I like fishing."], "partner_persona": ["I am on a work trip.", "I am going fishing.", "I have never been snowboarding.", "I don't live near any mountains. I drive a suv. I have a family.", "I like to spend the week camping and fishing. I've owned my SUV for a couple years. I like to go camping two or three times a year. I have a big family sized tent.", "I own a Ford Expedition. I drive a Toyota Corolla in the city. I wish I lived closer to the mountains.", "I wish I knew how to snow board. Driving in the mountains doesn't bother me.", "I like to hike and ride bikes.", "I have a wife and kids.", "I will go camping in July."], "current_conv": ["I watched a documentary on fly fishing and it looks so relaxing. I think I want to try that one day.", "That's awesome! You can try it when you try camping! Where are you thinking of camping first?", "I am not sure. I was actually thinking about asking you since you go camping a few times a year. Are there any spots you recommend? ", "It's hard to go wrong when it comes to camping. But as a new camper, I'd imagine you want to be near showers and restrooms and electricity. You'll want to go somewhere with sectioned out campsites, or a music festival of course. Which would you prefer?", "If music festivals count as camping I would love to choose that! That kind of seems like cheating though haha", "It's not cheating! At spirit of the Suwannee you can camp in a state park, visit a river and go canoeing, at the same spots where you hear live music!", "That sounds like a really fun time! Canoeing sounds a little scary to me though. Is it easy to pick up?", "If you canoe with someone that knows what they're doing, you'll be fine. It's only when two total newbs get together that canoeing is dangerous.", "So hypothetically if I asked to join you on one of your future camping trips, what would you say?", "I'd say yes for sure! Camping and canoeing and music is what Earth life is all about! I'd be glad to show you the way!", "I'd really appreciate that. I think going with you would be an amazing starting point and I could learn a lot.", "We could also work on fishing if you'd like. It's really just a few knots, knobs, and a motion. Would you want to do that too?"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hello, I am about to take a lunch break and eat french fries.", "I just finished my lunch I had a burger from chikfella and a chocolate milkshake.", "Yum, what do you do for work? I am on work trip right now.", "I work for jnj. Anything planned for the weeked?", "Cool, yes I am going fishing how about you?", "I am going snowboarding should be fun.", "Wow, I have never been snowboarding before.", "Try it sometime. What kind of car do you drive?", "I don't live close to any mountians, I drive a suv because I have a family.", "I am buying a new car, any recommendations?", "Honda's are very reliable.", "Yes honda is good I have a good deal on a nissan altima 2012 for 6k.", "Wow that is a good deal! I would take that."], ["I bought that Nissan, it feels nice to have a clean car that works again!", "That's great! Is it a new car? f you don't mind me asking, how much did you spend?", "It is. It was a steal for 20,000. What did you spend on your Suv?", "Oh, man, I almost don't wanna tell you... 48K. It's huge! I love to camp and fish for a week at a time, so it's the right size for me....", "Wow! What kind is it? Have you camped with it before?", "I bought it a couple of years back, and I take it out two or three times a year, depending upon how much time I can take off work. I camp in a big tent for the family, but the SUV is roomy enough we can stay in there if we want....", "That makes sense. Do you have a different car that you drive more regularly? I'm not a huge camper myself.", "I see I didn't tell you what it is: a Ford Expedition. I have a Toyota Corolla for in-city driving. For me and the family, we *have* to get out in nature at least twice a year. I just wish we lived closer to mountains, because there's nothing like trout fishing in mountain streams!", "I lived near the mountains but never got used to driving in them. I need lessons for that. I always made my friends drive on snowboarding trips.", "I got over my fear of driving in the mountains after doing Going-to-the-Sun Road in Glacier several times in the late-'90s. I wish I knew how to snowboard.", "It definitely can be harder to learn as an adult. Do you ski instead?", "No, just camp, fish, and hike in the hills, no real mountains. Sometimes we take the bikes and ride the foot paths."], ["Do your kids and wife enjoy camping and the outdoors as much as you?", "They are usually good for one trip a year and the other two times I go with some camping buddies.  My family are pretty good campers, but one weekend is usually enough.", "And it is nice to get out with friends too. Do you usually visit the same spots?", "With my family there are usually a couple places that aren't too far from \"civilization\" (as my wife calls it).  With my friends, it's whatever interests us.  We try to alternate who picks and we like to keep it within a three hour range from home if possible.", "That's great! Do you do the whole s'mores and ghost stories thing with the kids or is it more fishing and hiking?", "With the kids we do lots of smores, but no ghost stories.  As for my friends, it's fishing/hiking until almost sundown!  We are usually too beat to do much more than clean the fish, cook, and eat!  Do you think you would ever be up for that?", "That sounds therapeutic though- working so hard for your supper and being out in nature. I would be up for giving it a try some time for sure!", "I know you haven't always liked it, but I bet you will find it different when you just focus on being one with nature!  We have one coming up in July.  It's a mountain trek since it's a little cooler.  Maybe you could drive a leg or two?", "I am not sure about driving in the mountains. I would love to join, but maybe it is best if I don't since I can't help with the travels.", "I was just thinking you could get some practice, but whatever you are comfortable with.  There are three of us going and you'd make a fourth.  I feel that's the best number, because you can split up and always have a partner.  You like fish right?", "Hahaha I am not sure! Maybe! I feel bad for my partner!", "LOL!  You might be the one that gets to drink in the boat!  LOL"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the show extreme couponing. I uses coupons while shopping.", "I am a student in college.", "I like walks during sunset. I pet 5 pet dogs. I own 3 rats.", "I paint. I don't listen to music whilst painting.", "I have 3 dogs named Scout, Daisy and Gatsby. My dogs are named after my favorite books. I like the movie versions of The Great Gatsby.", "I like Leonardo DiCaprio. I like John Krasinski. I like the \"Good News Network.", "I recently finished finals. I'm always busy.", "I followed around a man at the bookstore that looked like a famous actor.", "The Office is my favorite show. I have watched the entire series of my favorite show 3 times. I want them to make a spinoff of The Office."], "partner_persona": ["I love to read books.", "I like riding my bike.", "I can fix computers.", " I've been reading classic American literature recently.", "I like the newer version of The Great Gatsby movie. I like Leonardo DiCaprio.", "John Krasinski is one of my favorite actors.", "I have two dogs. I like to cuddle with my dogs while I read.", "I like the Office and the movie A Quiet Place. I watch The Office while I work out."], "current_conv": ["Read anything new lately? ", "Not technically \"new,\" but new to me, in a sense. Revisiting the classics. Once I'm done with To Kill A Mockingbird and The Great Gatsby, I might move on to Catcher in the Rye or Lord of the Flies. How about you? Or did college give you enough to read?", "College definitely gave me too much assignment to read, but not actual books. In fact, I've been reading much less since I started college because I've been so busy with classes. Do you have any short fiction recommendations?", "Can't think of any off the top of my head, but bookstore staff can probably help with that; maybe you'll see someone else who looks like a famous actor! The cool thing is that a lot of online bookstores have a category just for short story fiction.", "That is interesting to know, I have never went to an online bookstore before since I always prefer to read on paper. You know, it just feels more tangible and real and better to the eyes haha. But maybe I'll try online bookstores!", "And a lot of the shipping is so fast these days. Then again, some people prefer the local bookstores, you know, to keep money in the community. You definitely have options.", "Yeah I'm glad the local bookstores haven't all disappeared even though a lot have been shut down because there just weren't enough people coming and buy stuffs. Also I'm interested in joining a book club, do you know any good ones?", "Well, it kind of depends on what you're into. There are some book clubs that only read certain types of books, and others that read various types. There are also online forums where people discuss them. Again, so many options. It's kind of like how there are countless online forums for The Office or groups of dog owners!", "Oh true there are definitely a lot of options. Have you been in any of the online forums or groups by the way?", "Just the ones that discuss fixing computers, and even then it took some time to figure out which were reliable and which weren't; the internet can be a strange place. I read enough of that stuff online that I prefer everything else be in person. I actually tend to see the usual people at the dog park, so that's a nice sense of community. So what are you studying in college?", "I am still undecided about my major so I'm just doing the required courses to graduate so far, but I'm thinking about a classic major and maybe a minor in an Asian language. ", "What an interesting combination. Maybe that classics major will make you get some more dogs or other pets to name after your favorite characters. So you just finished your first year?"], "history_conv": [["Hello have you ever seen the show extreme couponing it\u2019s my favorite.", "Yes I love that show really helps when you have lots of different food to buy.", "My coupon habit has let me buy food for all my animals and paint supplies.", "I love to read lots of books.", "Going to college full time sometimes makes it hard to get into a good book.", "That's true. What are your hobbies or other interests?", "Besides taking sunset walks I enjoy spending time with my 5 dogs and 3 rats.", "Sounds very interesting. I enjoy riding my bike.", "I could paint you riding your bike.", "That would be nice. Do you listen to music while painting?", "No I do not.", "Since your a student, if you need your computer fixed, I'm your guy."], ["What books have you been recently recently then?", "I have been reading some classics, like To Kill a Mockingbird and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?", "Yes! 3 of my dogs' names are Scout, Daisy, and Gatsby! Those are my absolute favorites.", "Wow that is amazing. They are some really well-written books. Have you seen the movies accompanying those books?", "I have. I liked both of the versions of The Great Gatsby. Did you like either the older or newer one better if you've seen them?", "I have seen both, but I have to go with the newer one. I think Leonardo Dicaprio is a terrific actor.", "I do too! I can't believe it took so long for him to get an Oscar. He chooses very good diverse roles. Is he your favorite actor?", "He is one of them, along with John Krasinski who is most famous for his role in The Office.", "I love The Office! It got me through finals, and John Krasinski is wonderful. I like his Good News Network stuff.", "I'll have to check that out! Is it a relief to have finally gotten through finals, I'm sure you have been busy?", "With 8 pets, I'm always busy. Do you have any pets?", "I have two dogs. They are a handful, but I am able to cuddle up with them and read a good book which is always fun!"], ["I stopped by a book store that recently opened on my way home from classes. One of the guys working there looks a lot like John Krasinski!", "I also see him everywhere ! It must be because we often think about him. How was he dressed ?", "He was dressed in his normal attire. He had on a backwards hat, khakias and a polo.", "That is a weird outfit for someone who works in a bookstore, maybe it was the real John Krasinski doing some research for a new role .", "Honestly, thats what I'm thinking. He just kept walking around looking at everything and he even had a small notepad that he was taking notes on.", "That does not sounds like a real employee, maybe a reporter. Did he talk to someone ?", "No but he noticed me following him around and did one of those awkward head nods. Whats your favorite movie with him in it?", "I really like the Office, but it is not a movie. I did not like much his movies, besides A Quiet Place.", "The office is the greatest show ever written. I've watched the entire series 3 complete times.", "I always watch one episode when I do my exercises. Sometimes, it is dangerous because I laugh so much !", "Yes! I would love a spin off show with John Krasinski and just Michael Scott.", "Just the two of them ? I think a movie, a comedy would better, like a buddy cop movie."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have three kids aged 11, 9 and 7. I hope to be a grand parent one day. I am busy with lots of afterschool activities. My kids have a lot of accidents.", "I love spending time with my furry family.", "I love farming. I live on a farm.", "My job deals with technology.", "I genetically engineered the tomatoes we grow on my farm. My husband does the planting and harvesting.", "I want grandchildren one day.", "I teach elementary school. I do not teach in the school that my kids attend."], "partner_persona": ["I love spending time with my friends and family.", "I like to read.", "I love worshipping god.", "I would like to live near water.", "I have 5 grand children. I sometimes forget raising my children. I have three children. ", "I see no problem with GMO veggies and fruits.", "I was stubborn as a child.", "I went to school in the UK"], "current_conv": ["I found out my coworker is also from the U.K. He grew up in Leeds.", "We took a trip there once when I lived there for school but I don't remember too much. It's been a very long time and my memory isn't as sharp as it once was.lol", "I understand that. Do you remember any interesting stories from your time in the UK? I'd love to hear what it's like there", "I remember that it rained often but when it didn't it was very beautiful. I'd love to go back and visit where I once lived. Hopefully when I retire I'll have the time.", "I certainly hope you do get the chance to go back. It sounds beautiful. What do you do for work now?", "I volunteer at the church quite often. It's not a paying gig but I enjoy giving back and it gives me something to occupy my time. I occasionally tutor kids from the church for a small fee to earn fun money.", "Wow, that's great that you do that! I would love to have more time to help out at my church, but I'm so busy at the school that I just wouldn't have time. Maybe once my kids are grown, I'll be able to spend more time helping out", "Being a teacher is help enough right now. You're educating people to go out and do and discover great things. Don't put too much pressure on yourself. What grade do you teach?", "I teach third grade science. It's such a fun age to teach. I really love all my kids. They can be trouble some times, but I love watching them learn and grow", "I definitely enjoyed science as a kid. Do you get to do any fun experiments in class?", "Yes, we do! We'll do simple experiments like making slime or messing around with magnets, nothing too crazy. The kids love it though. The way their eyes light up when something unexpected happens is absolutely incredible", "I think there's definitely a lot more ideas out there for fun experiments now. The only science experiments I remember were building the fastest track to drop a marble and to building something that would keep and egg from breaking if you dropped it from a tall height.lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Isn't it such a beautiful day out today!? How are you?", "Hello! Yes it is. I am very well, and you?", "I am great. Busy day, have lots of after school activities with my 3 kids today..", "Oh great! I have grandchildren. They are great and bring me joy..", "Yes, kids bring out the best in us!", "My family and friends are amazing and I love spending time with them.", "That is wonderful. I feel that way too, and about our furry family.", "I like to read. What is your favorite activity?", "I love farming. I live on one and enjoy tending to the earth!", "Wow thats great! I love god, and worshipping him!", "Do you work? My job deals with technology!", "All I do know is that I would like to live near water."], ["How many grandchildren do you have now?", "I have 5, and they're the joy of my life! How old are your kids?", "11. 9. and 7. I can't wait until their old enough to give me grandchildren of my own.", "It's amazing how quickly it happens! One day they're in diapers, the next they're off on their own! Cherish it while it lasts.", "I do, but It's never too early to plot revenge! lol When they have kids I'm gonna fill them up with sugar and send them home to torture my kids! lol", "Haha you've got quite the imagination! I forget just how much trouble those little ones can get into. Try to stay sane!", "My kids are pretty good and I love them. They get pretty rambunctious at times though.  Always accidentally trampling over crops.", "It must be a lot of fun raising kids on a farm, though! What's the major crop you all produce?", "Tomatoes which I've genetically engineered.", "Wow, so you've got a green thumb, and you're tech savvy! I'm impressed!", "Well, my husband does most of the growing.  I just work on new breeds of crops that are resistant to trampling!", "Haha if you can patent that, you'll be a very wealthy lady!"], ["Do all of your kids have children of their own?", "I have three children myself, though my grandkids are from my two eldest children. My youngest child doesn't have any, and to be honest they've said they don't want children anyway. Would you like to have grandchildren one day?", "Oh definitely! I have three kids of my own and can't wait to have grandkids. Mine are still young though.", "Ah yes of course. How are they getting on at school? My youngest grandchild starts school this year.", "They love it. We started the year going 5 days a week. I can't believe kids are still virtual or even hybrid. As a teacher I feel strongly that these kids need to be in school fulltime.", "Yes it must have been so hard on chlidren having to learn remotely. One of the most important parts of school is being together with other children. What age group do you teach?", "Elementary and you are exactly right. With young kids, yes school and education is important but also is the social aspect and learning to interact with people.", "Definitely, social interaction is such an important thing to learn for young children. Especially since different children have different temperaments, so as a kid you start to learn how to relate to others and interact with them. Do you teach at the same school that your children go to?", "No, I actually teach at a different distcrict.", "My dad was a teacher and he taught at my school, but he was never my teacher. I don't know if it would have worked very well if he'd taught me, I was quite a stubborn child!", "What grade level did he teach?", "He taught Year 6 (I went to school in the UK). It's the 10-11 year olds age group."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Tracy. I love people. I love being helpful. I love fast cars.", "I paint art.", "I am a paralegal.", "I have vacationed at Niagara Falls. I painted there. I love traveling.", "I am not a vegan. My best friend is a vegetarian trying to be a vegan. I make veggie dishes for my friend's house parties.", "The smokey mountains are one of my favorite places and I hope to travel there soon. I visited the smokey mountains before.", "I don't think I have the stamina to go hiking.", "I recently decided to go vegan. I am currently feeling overwhelmed by having a plant based diet.", "I enjoy beef and broccoli. I do not like the texture of rubbery foods.", "I shop at Trader Joe's. I love eating veggies."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Amanda. I am a vegan. I enjoy going to the gym.", "I am not a singer. I love art. I have a husband who is a lawyer and also loves art.", "I am a baker.", "I do zumba.", "I have a Jeep. I love traveling in the mountains for the exercise. I love vehicles that handle rough terrain.", " My favorite food is pizza.", "I went to the smokey mountains when I was young. I like to take day trips hiking that last 8 hours. I have a very small individual tent for camping.", "I own a vegan cookbook. I am looking forward to a new vegan cheese shop that I live by.", "I was a vegetarian before I became a vegan. I slowly stopped eating meat.", "I make a lot of different recipes with tofu. I own an oven. I enjoy eating tofu. I love vegetables, so converting to a vegan diet was easy for me."], "current_conv": ["I just tried the best recipe for vegan beef and broccoli! ", "What did you think! I'm always curious about what non-vegans think about vegan recipes. When I was a meat-eater, I was surprised how good they were!", "I am enjoying the food but it will take some time for my insides to get used to all the veg!", "Haha, that makes sense. Don't worry, I always manage to make my friends understand why I love veggies so much. Me, you, and your vegetarian friend can meet up every week and learn a new recipe if you're down!", "That would be awesome, we should definitely share recipes. What is your favorite meal using tofu?", "I recently tried a Korean tofu recipe and i LOVED it! It used gochujang, a spicy paste that a lot of Korean recipes use. I love spicy food, it makes everythng so delicious. Do you like spicy stuff?", "Wow, I never thought about making a spicy meal with tofu. Thanks for the idea! How did you find your performance at the gym after going fully vegan?", "Its interesting, I actually had a lot more energy once I went vegan! That's how I can do my eight hour hikes. I feel like a lot of athletic guys think that meat is necessary to get buff in the gym. It's actually a myth that vegetarian food doesn't have enough protein.", "Interesting, I do not think I could do a 8 hour hike but going vegan might help then.", "Honestly, even just doing zumba classes gives me the same endorphins that I get from my hikes. Next time I go to a zumba class, you should come!", "I have never done Zumba but it does sound fun. I need to wait for my body to get used to just veggies first, do not want to be constantly passing gas while doing Zumba. ", "Lol, you'd be surprised how quickly it can happen. Plus, vegan food isn't just all vegges. There's tofu, seitan, beans, rice, quinoa, pasta... the list goes on! You can actually eat a pretty unhealthy diet while being vegan with no veggies if you wanted."], "history_conv": [["Hi, tracy here. I love people and fast cars. You sing?", "Hi tracy. Amanda here. I enjoy going to the gym alongside my vegan diet.", "I see. I love being helpful and I paint art. Are you an artist?", "I don't sing, but love art. My lawyer husband is an artist as well.", "Get out! I am a paralegal. I love helping people too. You bake?", "Whoa! Funny you say that, my jeep is loaded with baked goods right now!", "Great! I would love to paint that picture. You dance?", "If you call zumba dancing! Lol! What is your favorite vacations spot?", "Niagra falls. It is an artist paradise. You like to travel?", "I love traveling, especially to the mountains. They are a good workout!", "Me too! I like fast cars and new people. Nice to meet you.", "You as well. I love vehicles that can tackle rough terrain, like my jeep wrangler."], ["What kind of things do you bake as a vegan?", "My favorite has to be a version of a vegan pizza.  That is the food I miss the most!! Are you vegan too?", "No, but my best friend is trying to become one. She is a vegetarian, but being a vegan can be so hard when you love cheese. Lol I always make a delicious roasted veggie dish to bring to her house for parties. Do you find cutting out cheese a challenge too?", "Very much so, all dairy in general! But it does get easier after you figure out what good substitutes you can enjoy.  I feel lucky that there are so many choices out there now.  Do you have any trips coming up this summer?", "I hope to travel to the smokey mountains soon. It is one of my favorite places on Earth. Have you ever been there? It's so peaceful and being up so high just surrounded by trees is magical!", "I went there when I was very young actually! My only memories are of dollywood and the long, winding roads!! I'm sure now going as an adult I would have a much more rich experience.  That would be a great place to bring the Jeep now that I think of it!", "Oh yeah. The last time I visited we rented a 4 wheel drive and it was worth it. We were climbing the mountains to reach our chalet. It was so wild heading up the side of a mountain, looking over the side. Yikes! When I was there we didn't head to Dollywood, but we were close to it. Where in the mountains do you hike when you do?", "That sounds like a perfect time for you.  When I'm hiking, the steeper the mountain, the better!! I like to take day trips where I know I'll be out for about 8 hours or so.  They are very tough to do, but if you're prepared it becomes a very rewarding experience!!", "Wow. That sounds like an amazing day trip for sure. I'm not sure I have the stamina for such an intense hiking experience. Have you ever ran into any trouble while hiking?", "There was one time where I got lost as it was starting to get dark out...I bring my tent and supplies to sleep overnight so I was prepared to sleep out there if I had to but luckily I ran into a couple just about when I was ready to give up!! I don't know how I'd handle seeing a bear or something like that out by myself.", "I'm so glad you didn't cross paths with anything scary like that! I don't know what I'd do if a bear crossed my path either. I've been pretty lucky to never have one near our cabin in the Mountains either. They always warn us about them though, so we are prepared. Do you have a pretty big tent you use? Or an individual one?", "Its just an individual tent that is VERY small.  I just bring a backpack so everything has to be as small as possible. Luckily I have not had to use it yet!!  Do you paint when you're in the mountains too?"], ["My friend told me she's having another house party. Do you have any ideas for vegan dishes I could bring?", "Depending on what kind of party it is, if it's a buffet then there are some great vegan sausage rolls in the supermarkets now, and also vegan pizzas and burgers. If it's a bit more of a sit down dinner, vegan curries are so easy to make. I made one last week with sweet potatoes, red pepper, chickpeas, onion and garlic. It can be served with rice or other grains.", "That sounds amazing. I am just starting on this vegan journey. Do you have any suggestions for cook books?", "There's a book called \"The Plant Kitchen\" which is quite good but I can't remember where I got it. You can borrow it if you like! I was also going to say to you that there's a cheese shop nearby that has started doing loads of vegan cheeses... here come the cheese and wine nights!", "Really? I would love to borrow it. I've spent time at the market looking around and even the farmers market. It just seems so overhwelming at the moment but I know the long term benefits far outweigh my confusing right now.", "When I first went vegetarian (before I thought about going vegan), I realised the best way to do it was eat what you would normally, but just miss out the meat. For example, if you're getting Chinese food, have whatever you usually have (my fave is sweet and sour), but just get the veggie version. Gradually I realised that I wasn't missing the meat at all as I was still eating my favourite dishes. What's your favorite food?", "So like with Chinese food I can still order my favorite...beef and brocoli but without the meat. What about tofu? Do you eat that?", "Haha yes in that case you might need to find a replacement for the beef. Tofu would be a good substitute but it's got a very different texture. I do eat tofu sometimes, I chop up a block of it into cubes and oven bake it, or I marinade it in BBQ flavourings and fry it on the pan. It's great with all sorts of things.", "Is it like rubbery? I can't do rubber feeling things. I think I would have to be like you and just cover it in sauce. How do you get your protein?", "Tofu can be rubbery if you don't make it crispy. But if it's fried properly it's so delicious; crisp on the outside and softer on the inside. I get protein from peanut butter, brown rice, quinoa, beans, oats for breakfast and loads of veggies. I've always loved vegetables though, so it was quite easy for me to convert! What's your favorite vegetable?", "You know, I never even thought about frying it. I'm heading to Trader Joes later today so hopefully I will be able to have more choices. I never thought of vegetables as a protein source. I love all veggies.", "Things like broccoli, kale, spinach and even sweetcorn are good protein sources. Also if you work out a lot you can get protein shakes with vegan protein added to them, but I've never tried that before!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a programmer.", "I used to live in Alaska.", "I like to run in my free time.", "My favorite cut of steak is sirloin. I like my steak medium. I've never had wagyu before."], "partner_persona": ["I have kids.", "I don't exercise often.", "I am 40 years old. I have a sister. I am not close with my sister.", "I watch lots of movies. I taught Film Studies. I watch films of directors I like. I like suspense, action, SF, horror, westerns, drama, and comedies. I like to read, play music, watch movies, and hike.", "I want to visit Alaska. I am afraid of the grizzlies.", "I haven't had steak in a long time. My favorite cut of steak is ribeye."], "current_conv": ["Settling down now and thinking of watching a movie.  I'm leaning towards Pulp Fiction, have you ever seen it?", "Oh yes. It's a classic. It has so many great actors and actresses. The whole movie is amazing. Have you seen it before?", "No, I haven't. I think Uma Thurman looks so exotic though.  It just sounds like a very unique kind of movie. I'm not sure why I've never watched it before.", "Wow! I don't want to make you feel too bad for not seeing it after all this time. But I must encourage you to go see it as soon as possible! I can't spoil it for you. You'll love it!", "Thank you!  With your background, I bet you have a lot of great suggestions for movies, some of them fairly off the beaten path. I'll have to rely upon you for suggestions I think! ", "If you want more suggestions, just let me know! Just tell me what kind of movie you're looking for and I'll give you suggestions!", "I like all types of movies really. It mostly depends on the mood I'm in at the time.  I'm almost always in the mood for a good comedy though!", "Well then you gotta check out Coming 2 America! It has Eddie Murphy in it. I'd recommend seeing the Coming to America first if you haven't seen it. But the second one was just released within the year and is very funny!", "I did see the first one and I loved it! I didn't realize there was a sequel! I definitely have to put that on my list!  ", "I actually just watched I-SPY with Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson from 2002, it's also hilarious and I recommend it.", "That would be a great team-up!  Eddie Murphy has teamed up so well with a lot of actors.  I had high hopes for the movie he was in with DeNiro, but I was disappointed.", "Are you talking about Showtime? I'm surprised. Eddie Murphy was a cop in Beverly Hills trilogy which was hilarious, and he's a cop in this film. How can it not be funny!?"], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you?", "I am doing well. What have you been up to today?", "I've been at my desk this morning, working on programming.", "Neat. Have you been programming long?", "For a few years - since moving here from alaska.", "Sounds nice to have the freedom to move around like that.", "What do you do for fun?", "I mainly just watch movies with my kids.", "That sounds nice. I'm looking forward to going for a long run after work.", "Oh, sounds like you are a health nut!", "Not entirely. I will often follow a long run with a big steak!", "I am too old to be living that sort of life. Just turned 40!", "I don't think 40 is old.", "My sister tells me the same thing."], ["So what kind of movies do you usually watch?", "Lots of different things. I used to teach Film Studies with a creative arts conservatory, so I chose what I watch carefully. I mostly follow the films of directors I like...", "Do you have any particular favorite genres?", "I like suspense films, action, SF, horror, westerns, drama, an occasional good comedy....", "That's cool! Do you like to watch any movies with your kids?", "When the kids were young, they got Disney and Pixar of course, but I also let them watch older films, like the screwball comedies from the '30s and '40s. They just love them. They also have a good idea about film history too, something most kids don't have these days....", "Oh that's wonderful that you can have a nice family activity together. Are you close with your sister?", "Not really. Once our parents passed away, we've grown apart. She's 10 years older than I am and isn't really all that interested in being an aunt to the kids.", "That's a shame..but sometimes two people are just too different. Is there anything you like to do for fun alone?", "Read, play music, watch movies. I like to hike too. It's really the only exercise I get.", "Cool, I used to also hike in my free time when I was living in Alaska.", "Alaska! I've always wanted to visit that state and spend some time in the wilderness there, but I'm a little concerned about the grizzly population."], ["I treated myself to a nice steak dinner.", "That sounds great it's been so long since I had a steak dinner! What cut do you like to go for?", "I hadn't had it for ages either! My favorite cut is sirloin I think. What about you?", "I am a ribeye man myself. Medium rare! Do you like sauces?", "Good choice! I tend to go medium, only because some places make it way too rare otherwise! I like peppercorn sauce, what about you? I also thick cut chips on the side!", "Exactly! Peppercorns, chips. You and I have a lot in common. Ever tried wagyu?", "I haven't; would you recommend?", "I've only had it once before and it was lovely! But I'd really love to live the life of a top of the range wagyu cow!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am moving. I was absent from school on occasion.", "I have a father who was headmaster at my school. He was strict. Kids at school said my good grades were because of my dad. My dad would look at my grades and talk to my teachers.", "I like watching the bears. I like eating deep dish pizza.", "I have multiple, older siblings.", " My friends are coming by for pizza.", "I want to volunteer at the soup kitchen.", "I do not have the best relationship with my dad.", "I dont often get up around 5:45 am."], "partner_persona": ["I teach english to high school students. I was consistently absent from school. I like teaching and summers off.", "I volunteer at a soup kitchen every two weeks.", "I often sketch.", "Moving is my least favorite activity.", "I can cook. I can wake up early for a good cause.", "I am gluten free and have allergies."], "current_conv": ["I found some decor online that I like, but I would like to get a feel for it in person. Do you have any stores in mind?", "Depends on price range. I love West Elm, but Target has great items for much cheaper!", "Yeah West Elm would definitely impress my dad haha, but yeah I think Target might be more in my price range at the moment. Is there anything else in the area, I was hoping for something a little off the beaten track, like a cute second hand store even. ", "Oh! Good call! There is an adorable consignment shop called Green Door! ", "Oh that sounds so good. Have you bought anything new for your house lately? ", "Yes! These adorable wall planters from West Elm! I have not got them on the wall yet, but the plan is to put them near the kitchen an grow herbs in them. Green Door would be great to impress your dad! Lots of older but well made items there! And usually the price is right! Unlike this planters. My teacher salary was not happy about the purchase, but they should last forever!", "Oh wow that sounds so nice! I need to get something like that, my balcony is really bare it needs some green to spruce it up a bit. But yeah I hear you about those prices. Maybe we could see if there's something small but big impact like that at Green Door. I get the sense you're definitely the right person to go decor shopping with! Would you say you're into interior decorating or was it just something you thought of when I was complaining about my dad haha? ", "I am not interior decorator, but I do love to gave my house feel like a home. And I think it has the potential to show your dad how well you are doing if you have created a solid space for yourself. It does not have to be fancy at all.", "You're right, I just get so stressed out when it comes to him. But ahh, I get you. Thanks so much for all the help. Between this and the volunteer work I owe you big time!", "It is no problem at all! The staff at the soup kitchen are going to be thrilled with me. Maybe I owe you :)"], "history_conv": [["How have you been?!", "Im good, how are you doing?", "I'm great! Moving this month to my favorite area!", "Sounds amazing. Laying in bed sick grading papers, I teach english to high school students.", "Is it just a cold, or something worse?!", "It is a cold. I went for a walk in the rain at the park yesterday.", "Ah, I know school can be strict on absences. Mine was.", "I bet, I was always absence when I was in school.", "My dad was headmaster, so I couldn't get away with it.", "Yikes, that doesn't sound fun. Do you have any hobbies?", "Just watching the bears and eating deep dish pizza! Yourself?", "That sounds like fun. I volunteer at a soup kitchen every two weeks.", "A teacher and a volunteer! Gosh, my older siblings are right about me...", "When I'm not volunteering I work on sketching landscape scenery."], ["How do you like teaching high school students?", "I love it. It can be frustrating but always worth it.Plus got to love summers off. Did your dad like working with kids?", "He did, but he was very strict. He would say he was helping develop the leaders of tomorrow.", "What was like having him at school with you? Did kids give you a hard time?", "haha Yes, they very much did. They would say my good grades were because of my dad, not my hard work. I think my dad gave me the hardest time, though. It was tough because he could look at my grades and talk to my teachers.", "I imagine you never got to get away with anything. How is your move going?", "It's pretty good! I've gotten some things boxed, but most things sorted. A couple friends are coming over this weekend. We're going to grab some pizza and make a day of it. You're welcome to come, if you want.", "Haha Moving is my least favorite activity. I'm so bad about packing it makes me anxious. I'd probably be more of a hassle then helpful", "That's okay! So, what are your plans for this weekend? Anything exciting?", "This is my weekend for volunteering at the soup kitchen.", "That's very cool! I've always wanted to do that. Maybe I can join you sometime after this move gets sorted.", "Yea! Any time you can join everyone would appreciate it. Do you cook at all?"], ["My dad told me he is planning to visit one I get all moved in.", "Oh my! That is good, right? Or does it just make you nervous?", "It is not exciting. He is a lot to handle. I need to start volunteering soon so I can always have an excuse to get out of the house. Can I start at your soup kitchen in the next couple of weeks?", "We are always looking for help. I am sure they will be happy to have you any weekend, but if you want to join me, I will be there the weekend after next. I can train you, but I have no doubt it will be a breeze for you. Sorry your dad makes you feel that way. It may be different now that he will be on your territory.", "Probably. Still useful to have an out if he's being extra. I'll definitely join that weekend. What time usually?", "And it will probably impress him, too. I get there around 5:45 am to help with the cooking. You can join me then or come around 6:30 to help serve.", "Oh boy. That's early. I'll be there. What about after? Grab lunch?", "Sure. Do they make gluten free deep dish? I am dying to try it, but allergies always get in the way.", "They do! We can swing through Lou Malnati's on the gold coast. What time do we usually wrap at the kitchen?", "Oh my goodness! Color me excited!!! Complete cleanup is usually finished by 11. They will try to keep you for the lunch shift though, I have no doubt.", "Maybe for my first shift, I should wrap at 11. Will take us a little bit to get to the pizza too.", "That sounds perfect. Is there anything else you would like to do in that area? Maybe we should get some decor for the new place to impress your dad."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I go to the gym to work out.", "My husband and I don't have much free time from work.", "I went to school in Texas. I studied nutrition.", "I own a Jeep Wrangler.", "I learned spanish when I lived in Texas. I want to go to Italy this summer.", "I like outdoor adventures. I went off-roading in Mexico.", "I travel and work. I do not have a dog. I might get a cat. I do not meet many cat people.", "My coworkers and I have a Jeep owners club. I find the Jeep owners club to be a lot of fun."], "partner_persona": ["I have two dogs named Bounty and Snickers.", "I am an only child.", "I studied art history in France and Spain.", "I had a parent in the Navy. I moved around a lot as a child.", "I have lived in Kuwait, Hawaii, California and Florida.", "I like Jeeps. I use mass transit to get around.", "I learned a new language.", "I am going to Japan in the summer. I travel a lot. I have not been to Asia. I will visit art museums in Japan.", "I have dogs. I have not had a cat. I am a dog person. I think cats are lovable.", "I had a friend at school whose parents fostered kittens. I couldn't handle a bunch of kittens. I might foster a dog someday."], "current_conv": ["You are so right about the kittens I took only four home to foster for a couple of days and give my coworker a break and it lasted one night, they are a lot of work to foster.", "Four at once? That's a big jump from having no pets! Are they still babies? Do you need to bottle feed them and stuff?", "Yeah, it's a lot of work! They're not quite babies anymore, but still very young. They don't need bottle feeding anymore, luckily.", "Oh, phew. They must be in the explorer stage, then, getting into trouble everywhere. Have you named any while they stayed with you?", "No, we haven't thought of any names yet. I'm not even sure if I should be the one naming them, since I may not be keeping them. There is one I especially like though.", "Oh? What caught your attention about that one?", "It seems a bit friendlier with me than the others and there's just something about the way she looks at me that makes me feel like she's chosen me. I'm sure that must sound kind of strange though.", "No, I completely get it! When I was searching for a second dog, I really wanted a puppy. But I was at the local shelter and locked eyes with with this adult goldendoodle and he just melted my heart. That's how I brought Snickers home, he's my chocolate boy.", "That sounds so sweet. Maybe I will have to keep this cute little one then. I guess I will have to come up with a name after all.", "What coloring is he? Maybe I can help you come up with some good ones!", "This kitten is black and white. I'll have to send you a photo later.", "Hmm, just like a panda! Well, if you decide to keep her, I'd love to come over and meet her! Maybe I'll even bring Bounty and Snickers."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I just got done working out at the gym. What are you doing?", "Getting ready to take my dogs bounty and snickers to the park for a run.", "Cute! I wish I owned dogs. That sounds like fun.", "I love dogs. Being an only child they were my family growing up.", "Awe, my husband and I work to much and can't have pets.", "I understand. Where did you go to school?.", "I went to school in texas, for nutrition..", "I studied art history in france and spain.", "Cool, that was probably a great experience.", "Yeah, I was a navy brat so I got to travel quite a bit..", "Cool, where else have you lived?", "Kuwait, hawaii, california, and florida.", "I like to travel too, but only where my jeep wrangler will take me.", "I'd love a jeep. Right now I use mass transit to get around."], ["How did living in Kuwait compare to living in the more \"western\" areas?", "The biggest difference would be having to learn a new language. However, I was able to adjust. Have you ever learned a new language?", "I learned a lot of Spanish, believe it or not, when I lived in Texas! Since its so close to the border you easily can pick up on it.  Although I do want to go to Italy this summer and thought it would be fun to learn a little before I do that.  Do you have any vacations coming up?", "Yes, I am planning a trip to Japan in the summer. With all my traveling, it's surprising that I have never been to Asia before!", "Wow well that sounds like a bucket list trip! Will you be visiting any art museums while you're there?", "Yes, I have a few planned that I am going to see. When you travel, do you visit art museums?", "Not typically! I tend to stick to outdoor adventures.  Last time I visited Mexico we went offroading on 4 wheelers, that is more what I love to do! How are your dogs doing?", "They are doing great, and I can tell they are looking forward to a good vacation. Will you be getting a dog soon or do you not have the time?", "I didn't know your dogs traveled with you, how cool!  Between traveling and work, we decided not to get a dog.  We are looking into getting a cat though, they seem a little bit easier to take care of! Sounds like they don't want you around most of the day anyhow, haha! Have you ever had a cat?", "I have actually not had a cat. I feel like they would not get along well with my dogs, so I'll probably just stay a dog person.", "I feel like I don't meet many cat people! They definitely are not as friendly as dogs are, that's for sure. That sounds like a good idea, don't mess up a good thing!", "That is the goal! But I do know that cats are very lovable, and I'm sure it will be perfect for you!"], ["My coworker happens to know someone with kittens. I might go meet them.", "That sounds like a wonderful idea. I had a friend at school whose parents fostered kittens, and they were so cute to visit although I don't think I could handle so many myself.", "Do you really think so?", "They had about fifteen of them at once! And the kittens need a little more care when they're young. Maybe one day I'd foster a dog.", "Woah That is a lot of kittens!", "Yes! Does your coworker enjoy having kittens?", "Yes my coworker says it's such a joy!", "Do you have good relatioships with your coworkers?", "Most of them yeah we have a Jeep owners club!", "That's so cool. I bet it's nice to have a group to do things with outside of work!", "It's super fun, considering most of the time I spend is with them working it's quite fun to have them as friends outside of work!", "Nice! What do you do as part of the Jeep owners club?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like science more than music.", "My hobbies include inventing things. I like to teleport myself around the world. I am working on a time machine.", "I like Mexican food and seafood. I love trying new food.", "I used to foster puppies. I visit animal shelters in different cities. Puppies are my favorite. I like meeting a lot of dogs when I travel.", "I am making fajitas. I like asparagus.", "I don't like working nights."], "partner_persona": ["I am a workaholic. I like listening to black sabbath.", "I like to grill. I like to eat meat.", "I am 26 years old. I am just starting my career. I'm not really sure of the type of work I want to do.", "I have no preference on puppies.", "I would like to be a chef.", "I have never eaten asparagus.", "I am looking for a new job.", "I can stay up somewhat late.", "I don't hand out with many people. I am very busy."], "current_conv": ["My fajitas turned out to be awesome. Did your dinner work out well?", "I am still wrapping up a project deliverable. I will be eating a bit later. What did you add in your fajitas", "They were just simple chicken fajitas. I was thinking about making shrimp ones sometime. What is your project about?", "I like chicken fajitas. Can you share the recipe now? The project is building my resume and I have my own deadline to apply for companies.", "I'll text it to you later. I want to make sure I have everything right. A resume is a big deal. Do you already know the companies your want to apply to?", "That will work. I am not certain on the type of work I want to do. I am researching further and playing around a bit with my resume. Where do you work?", "I do a little bit of freelance work here and there, but what I enjoy the most is volunteering at animal shelters.", "Wow! What type of animals do you care at place you volunteer. I am interested in volunteering too!", "They are mainly dogs, but there are also cats. My favorite are when new puppies are brought in. They are snapped up really quickly ", "Well, I am not fan of puppies for sure. Cats are okay. How many animals do you have at your shelter?", "How come you don't like puppies? They are so cute!", "I find kittens to be cute. Thats my personal preference. I enjoy playing with them."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "I am good, how about you?", "Doing good. I invent things what do you do?", "I'm a workaholic. Do you like music? I like listening to black sabbath.", "I am more into science than music.", "That's interesting. What about your hobbies?", "Mainly I just invent things I like to teleport myself around the world..", "Cool. I like grilling, because I like eating meat.", "My current project is a time machine. Have you ever traveled in time?", "I haven't. Mainly I just think about how much I have at work.", "What type of work do you do?", "I'm not really sure. I'm 26, so I'm just starting my career.", "Do you like puppies? I adore them!", "I don't really have an opinion on puppies."], ["Has work still been really busy? Have you gotten a chance to take a break?", "Yeah I've been super busy. But I haven't been able to settle on a career just yet. Any recommendations?", "Well, you could always start a band. Or you could help me build my time machine! Maybe you could be a chef?", "That would be awesome! I would love to be your chef. Any particular favorite dishes?", "I prefer mexican food and seafood. Chicken enchiladas, tacos, shrimp shish kabob... Any baked fish. I like it all. If you are going to grill, maybe grilled corn and stuffed burgers", "Ugh that sounds like a plan. Maybe we can teleport around the world and I'll cook different types of cuisines?", "Oh that would be the best thing ever! I love trying new food! Cooking is a science ya know!", "Ain't that the truth! Do you have any puppies by the way?", "I used to foster puppies, but I am too busy now to deal with them all the time. I do however visit shelters in every city I go to!", "Oh how cool. Are you an animal person?", "Of course! Puppies are my favorite, but dogs are cool too. It is nice to get to meet as many as possible while jumping from place to place. Maybe when I can move through space and time, I can go meet all the puppies from history!!", "But what about the kittens???"], ["Have you had any time off for grilling?", "not really yet. I'm hoping I can grill this weekend though.", "Do you have anything yummy planned out? It's raining here so I may do some indoor grilled veggies for fajitas. :)", "maybe some steaks. need to figure out a good side to go with it.", "Do you like grilled asparagus? I put a little lemon on mine and it's delicious.", "I've never had it but definitely something to consider.", "Usually people either really love it or hate it. Have you considered getting a job as a line cook?", "I've been wanting to get a job somewhere as a chef. I think it would be fun but I haven't had the time to try to find some place to apply to yet.", "It always looks fun, but for me, working nights, would be a drawback.", "most restaurants don't stay open too late. so it wouldn't bother me.", "That's true, but there is cleaning and such that happens. It's a big time commitment, and I feel like your social life would take a dive, but you'd be building a working family.", "I already don't have much of a social life as my current job keeps me busy with little free time. I may even gain free time by switching careers"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am not a gamer but my friends like to play.  I have friends who play League of Legends. I don't like video games. I like to be outside. I do not play video games.", "I like to swim as an activity. I have a dog.", "I run for fun. I just ran my first marathon. I run at a faster pace when I'm in a crowd. I run better than I swim. We go to swim in the lake sometimes.", "My dog is a Sheltie, a Shetland Sheepdog. My dog's name is Buddy. My dog is obedient.", "I know how to swim. My dog does not like water.", "My dog is mid-sized. My dog fits in the backseat of my car. I own a Honda Accord."], "partner_persona": ["I play video games with friends. I like the game League of Legends and prefer the Alistar champion. I bought a new gaming laptop.", "I'm not much of a runner. Swimming feels good on my knees.", "I have a dog, she is terrified of the bath. She loves to jump in the muddy lake. My dog is a Labrador Retriever.", "I swim with my dog."], "current_conv": ["Have you competed in any League of Legends tournaments?", "No, but I've thought about it before. I don't know if I'm good enough to do very well just yet, haha. Have any of your other friends done it?", "I heard a friend's friend's friend doing it and that's really cool, but yeah I haven't met anyone in person doing that. ", "Ah okay. I know video games aren't really your thing so that's cool. So are you going to sign up for another marathon? I always think it'd be cool to do one but it's so hard on my knees.", "I'm going to sign up for this winter because I have never done it in winter before (which is obvious since I have only done one in the spring). Honestly I'm kinda afraid of the cold but I think the point is to challenge myself. Would you want to try doing a marathon at some point?", "Maybe, but I'm not sure. I really am concerned about my knees. I could probably walk one but I'm not sure about the running.", "That's understandable, definitely take great cares of your knees! A lot of people didn't take care of their knees when they were young regretted it deeply when they were older.", "I still like swimming though! Me and the dog took a swim out at the lake this past weekend, actually. It was great.", "OH yeah how was your dog doing? I remember you said how your dog is terrified of the bath, so I'm surprised that she can swim well!", "She's weird like that. She likes the lake but not the tub or the groomer. I think it's the soap. ", "Haha she's sure an interesting dog with some tempers! My dog just hates water, whether it be lake or river or ocean or bathtub water, so it's funny to see him try to escape every time!", "There's nothing like a wet, soapy dog streaking through the room, right?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I just finished my daily run outside.", "Cool, do you compete running or just stay fit.", "Just do it exercise and leisure! What do you do?", "I play video games, mostly with friends.", "Cool, I have never played video games but I would to try.", "League of legends is my favorite and alistar is my favorite champion.", "I have heard of league of legends my friends play that.", "Last month I bought a new gaming laptop which is really cool.", "Wow, I don't enjoy computer games that much. I like to be outside.", "I understand, do you do exercise other than running.", "I like to swim too, I also enjoy walking my dog..", "Swimming is good for you too."], ["How has the new gaming laptop been working for you when you play League of Legends?", "It's been great. Works really well, great visuals. I know you're not a gamer, but I'd highly recommend the brand if you were ever in the market for a computer.", "You are right, but all my friends like to play! I just got through with my first marathon. It was a real challenge.", "Oh gosh I can only imagine! How did you feel at the end of it?", "I was drained and dehydrated. I always run at a faster pace when I'm in a crowd of people and it really got to me.", "I have to admit, I've never been much of a runner unless I'm being chased, lol! I do enjoy swimming, though.", "That's another one of favorite activities. I'm a better runner than a swimmer however.", "Swimming feels so good on my knees. They get so sore. Have you ever tried getting your dog to swim with you?", "Yes! I go some in the lake and my dog loves it. I guess it is true. Dogs are man's best friend.", "Haha, my poor dog is so ridiculous. She's terrified of a bath, but she loves to jump into a muddy lake.", "I need to take a run or swim tomorrow before I get too lazy!!!", "Now that it's getting warmer swimming will feel really good."], ["My dog and I are checking out a new lake this weekend. Hopefully it isn't too muddy.", "Sound fantastic, what kind of dog do you have?", "I have a Sheltie, a Shetland Sheepdog. His name is Buddy. How about you? What kind of dog do you have?", "A Labrador Retriever which explains jumping in a muddy lake. I bet it takes forever to dry Buddy out after a swim.", "It sure does. Luckily, he doesn't like to go swimming. He mostly stands in the shallow water and barks while I swim. Labs love the water don't they? Funny that yours doesn't like the bath, though.", "The only thing I can imagine is that bath water is too clean for her. Shelties are really big, aren't they? What do you drive him around in?", "Yeah, and maybe the enclosed space is a little freaky for her. Shelties are mid-sized. They are like little Lassie dogs. Buddy is about 25 pounds, so he fits in the backseat of my car just fine. I own a Honda Accord, so Buddy just hangs in the backseat.", "Oh, that's a great size for a dog. I bet he's the best running companion, can he run a whole marathon with you?", "Shelties are more of a sprinter type dog. Not made for long distance. They were bred to herd sheep, so lots of starts and stops. I don't take Buddy with me when I run, as he slows me down! Ha! Does your dog swim with you?", "I guess you could say we start swimming together, but she quickly out paces me and if there is any waterfowl, she's just gone.", "I can just picture that! Buddy is the same with cats. When he sees one, he's off. Luckily, he's pretty obedient, so he doesn't go far. He's a working dog, so he's happiest when he has a \"job\".", "What sort of jobs have you invented for him? Retrievers, you know, just bring things back so there is no imagination needed."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run.", "I enjoy the ocean.  My parents are from Alaska. My grandpa used to hunt caribou in Alaska.", "I am a computer programmer at a teach firm.", "I enjoy fishing in Alaska. I caught a big salmon in Alaska. I love to be on the water.", "I am a good cook. My favorite meal is soup. I use up a lot of my leftovers by making soup out of them.", "I can only eat the same thing so many times in a row.", "My son doesn't like fishing. I enjoy time alone.", "I have a guest room. I don't usually have company over.", "I took my son to Disneyland for his birthday."], "partner_persona": ["I fish. I live near an ocean.", "I'm an assistant at a doctor's office.", "I have a fishing boat and a condo near the beach.", "I spring clean my boat, I'd love to plan a trip soon.", "I make a great calzone.", "I get sick of my leftovers but I don't like to throw them out. I always wanted to try baked potato soup.", "I like to be alone. I want to plan a trip to Alaska.", "I want to try baked potato soup.", "I am single.", "I like kids. I want to have kids in the future. I have an underwater camera."], "current_conv": ["My son actually asked to go fishing this weekend.", "Really? That's quite nice. Where do you take him fishing?", "At the lake I usually go to when I was little. I think it would be a fun experience! Also you have done fishing before right, since you have a fishing boat?", "A very fun experience that will allow you two to bond. Yes, I have done fishing before but my fishing boat got wrecked one year ago and I decided to get rid of it.", "Oh no! Are you going to get a new one? ", "Maybe at the end of this year I will. Am also planning a fishing trip to Africa next year.", "Oh why Africa? I have never been to Africa before, so I have completely no idea how it's like especially with the animals and fish there. Is there any interesting tropical fish there? ", "I feel like Africa will be a new challenging experience for me. I have never been to Africa too but based on what I heard and seen on tv there are vast species of tropical fish in Africa.", "Yeah it will definitely be an exciting experience! Although a harsh one for sure, definitely bring plenty bug repellents and sun screen to be prepared of all these starving mosquitos and the sharp sunlight."], "history_conv": [["What's up? I just got in from a run..", "Not too much just got back from fishing/.", "Is it spring yet where you live?", "It is, perfect weather for fishing. Do you enjoy the ocean?", "I do. My parents are from alaska, so I've seen the ocean from way up north.", "Oh alaska is nice, great fish there.", "Great fishing and hunting too. Grandpa used to hunt caribou.", "Nice, what do you do for work?", "I'm a computer programmer at a tech firm. How about you?", "I'm an assistant at a doctors office! But my true passion is fishing.", "Do you have a fishing boat?", "I do and a condo near the beach, I'm a lucky guy."], ["I enjoy fishing in Alaska", "Is that your favorite spot? What is the biggest you have caught?", "Yes, it's so peaceful. I have caught a pretty big salmon. There's nothing like camping under the Northern lights, cooking a fish you just caught over a fire.", "That sounds so nice. I just cleaned my fishing boat.", "Ooh, do you have a trip planned soon or was this just a regular cleaning?", "Just my version of spring cleaning! But I would love to plan a trip soon", "That's great. Maybe we can go fishing together and trade stories. I love being out on the water. I'm a pretty good cook, too. haha", "What is your favorite meal to cook? I make a great calzone", "Calzones are delicious! I love them with spinach and mushrooms. Hmm. My favorite meal would probably be soup. I love making soup. You can put anything in it and play around. That's also how I use up a lot of my leftovers. haha", "That's good. I should use that trick. I hate throwing away leftovers but I get so sick of them so fast.", "I hear ya. I can only eat the same thing so many times in a row. Seriously, though, just throw things in a soup! My dad would call it throw-together soup. haha Start with stock or bullion and water, pick some noodles, veggies, a meat, then add sauces/cheese/seasonings until you are happy.", "That's a great idea. I always want to try a baked potato soup. Now you're making me hungry."], ["Where is your favorite place to go with your boat?", "Since I live close to the ocean, I like to just sail out far and be by myself. How often do you go fishing?", "I used to go fishing every weekend. Now that my son is a little bit older though, he doesn't like fishing. Ever since he made the connection that \"chicken\" is not the name of two different things, an animal and a food, and we simply eat chicken... he has unfortunately had this realization about other things, such as fish, and therefore fishing always causes tantrums unless we return the fish to the ocean and don't plan on eating it. Do you have any family that will sail with you sometimes? I agree, it's definitely nice to go out far and be alone to your thoughts every now and then!", "Sorry to hear that. If I caught a fish I'd want to eat it. Anyway, I really should plan a trip to Alaska soon. Maybe even go there in my boat.", "Would you go alone? You're always welcome to visit! I can get our guest room ready, and if others would come with you let me know and I'm sure we could make some space if you'd like.", "I'd love to stay with you. Since I've always wanted to try baked potato soup, maybe I'd get a chance to try some of yours.", "That would be awesome! I could definitely cook some up. My wife and son would be so excited to have company. Other than my parents, we usually don't have anyone over.", "I won't take up too much space since it'll just be me. I'm single, so won't have a partner to bring with me.", "Your company is more than enough! So, what do you like to do besides fishing and sailing? We can definitely sneak around my son and hit the water, but it might be nice to include him in something to if you don't mind kids.", "I don't mind kids. I want to have some of my own in the future. If he's afraid of fishing, I do own an underwater camera that would allow us to take photos underwater.", "Oh, he would love that! It would probably remind him of the Finding Nemo ride at disneyland. We took him there for his birthday. That was his favorite ride! He likes water and boats, and he used to love fishing, but things change as they get older, what can I say?", "Yeah, everyone's tastes change as they get older. He still loves the water though, right?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an only child. I have two dogs.", "I like country music.", "My dad was in the Navy. My dad and I don't always agree.", "I don't like driving long distances.", "I listen to country music. I like Garth Brooks.  I like the song \" I Got Friends in Low Places\".", "I have spent time in France and Spain as a child. I only listen to American music.", "I like Billy Ray Cyrus.", "I just started a new job. I am busy and cannot ask for time off. I work at a hotel front desk. I do not want to join the military, but I do want a different career. I do not want to go back to school.", "I cannot play instruments. I like to listen to music and share it with others."], "partner_persona": ["I live on a farm. I grow beans and corn.", "I am an only child.", "I like dogs. Country music is my favorite. Billy Ray Cyrus is my favorite country singer. I like Garth Brooks.", "I like to drive trucks. I own tractors. Driving tractors is my favorite.", "Winter is my favorite time of year.", "My dad was a preacher. I didn't travel much as a child.", "I have a job. I drive a truck that transports food.", "I don't have a lot of money. I have never been to see Billy Ray Cyrus. I have been saving money.", "I work on a farm. I like my job. I like being in the country."], "current_conv": ["I thought of a cool career to look into! ", "Oh really? What would that be? I always have my eyes open for career change opportunities.", "I saw a job that involved creating and testing new jelly bean flavors!  That would be kinda fun!", "Whoa! You must be brave! I wonder how that works... do they just make random flavors and the test subjects tell them what it most tastes like, and that becomes the name of the taste?", "Well, in the video I saw, they have like a giant storeroom full of every flavoring known to man, and a masterbook of recipes that combine to make different basic flavors.  Basically they just think up stuff, and then tweak the standard recipe until they are satisfied and then test it. ", "I wonder if they can make tastes based on smells of things that one doesn't usually taste. And I wonder if they make tastes that imitate sounds. You know, abstract mixing of the senses in an artistic way. Would you pitch it to them when you start working there for me?", "Sure! But I probably had better come up with a few winners first before I go to far into the breach! haha.  It's an intriguing idea though. Like, what would the sound of a flute taste like?", "Exactly! And you could box it in a way that when they open the box, a flute song plays. And they basically eat jelly beans to soothing flute music. It could be really cool for children with sensory development issues.", "Wow! Maybe you and I should just go into the jelly bean business for ourselves! lol You live on a farm, so we'd have access to plenty of corn syrup! haha", "We should. Or we could just give the idea away to the universe and hope the little seed takes root in the mind of a more industrious person!", "How about renting it instead of giving it away?  I do need to make some money! ", "You can totally be the contact person with Jelly Bean company. Sell the idea to them and donate my portion to some autism foundation. "], "history_conv": [["Hello! What do you do for a living?", "I live on a large farm with beans and corn.", "Cool. How many siblings do you have?", "None, maybe because my father is a preacher.", "I'm an only child too. I do have two dogs though.", "I do like dogs, do you like country music? It's my favorite.", "I like country music. By the way..do you grow beans and corn?", "Yes and I like to drive trucks and tractors around on the farm. Tractors being my favorite.", "That would be fun. My dad was in the navy.", "That's cool. Winter is my favorite time of the year, what about you?", "We didn't have much winter since growing up I was in school in france and spain.", "Cool, but with the farm and my father being a preacher not much traveling for me."], ["I had an argument with my Dad yesterday. He still thinks I should join the Navy.", "I think you should do whatever you please!", "Thank you for that encouragement. Thats so nice. How are you?", "Good thanks. Just got home from work actually! Truck driving can be exhausting on your behind.", "Are you driving the truck for the farm or another job? I hate being in a car for a long time. Makes my behind go numb.", "Yep, I transport food to and fro! It's good honest work but I won't lie, I think it ages my body a bit. Do you ever listen to country music in the car?", "Oh nice. I'm sure it is hard on your body. Thats the only music I listen to when I am driving. Do you have a favorite country song?", "Yeah! My favorite country song is anything by Billy Ray Cyrus! How about you?", "I like his new song, I Want My Mullet Back. I'm a Garth Brooks lover. I Got Friends in Low Places is my favorite probably.", "ME TOO! I love Garth Brooks as well. Any good music artists in France and Spain?", "I used to know them all but now I  only listen to American music.", "Cool. Did you live there because of your dad?"], ["Have you ever been to a Billy Ray Cyrus live show?", "sadly no... I never had enough money to afford tickets.", "I bet he puts on a fantastic show; I'm not sure if he tours anymore, but I think he's doing a few live events in Florida this summer.", "maybe we can go! I have enough money saved up so we can make it a whole vacation.", "I wish I could, but I just started a new job and I don't think I can ask for time off yet.", "darn.  what's the new job?", "Nothing too exciting, just working the front desk at a hotel. Still, it will give me a little breathing room and time to think about what I want to do in the future. I know I definitely do not want to join the military like my dad, and I am also not big on the idea of going back to school. I just need to find my passion. Do you feel like truck driving and helping out on the farm are what you want to do forever?", "yes.  driving tractors is definitely my favorite thing to do.  Plus I love just being out on the open road and exploring the country.", "I wish I could find something that I really love doing, but I just seem to be very apathetic towards most things. I do like music, maybe I could do something with that?", "that's a good idea.  Can you play any instruments?", "No, I definitely can't make music at all. I do, however, love listening to music and sharing my thoughts on it with others.", "maybe you could become a music reviewer?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a famous father who plays piano in the San Fransisco Symphony.", "I like the band Paramore.", "I have a sister. She teaches as a job.", "I live in a dorm. I am taking equine science courses. I am thinking of going to vet school or studying more on cattle ranching. I am an animal person. I studied marine biology during summer in high school. I've done some scuba diving. I wanted to work with horses after high school. I have a dog, it's a cattle animal.", "I have a dog, twin calico cats, an aquarium of sea life, a family of rats, a chipmunk, two parakeets and an ant farm.", "I used to have an owl and lizards.", "I am thinking about getting some hamsters. I am getting a snake. We will put the snake in a big tank in the living room.", "We have a big house and a farm.", "We have frogs that live outside in our ponds, but not as pets."], "partner_persona": ["I have a son.", "I am considering going back to college.", "I am British.", "I like classic and alternative rock genres.", "I have a sister. She lives in England. I have lived in the United States for 10 years.", "I lived in England. I live in San Francisco.", "I have one dog, his name is Hank. I love my dog. I have five cats. They are strays I feed outside.", "I find aquariums relaxing."], "current_conv": ["I've decided that I am going to get some hamsters, too! We will just keep them in a separate room from the snake to avoid any problems. ", "Wow, I thought my dog and five cats was a lot of animals but you sure have me beat. How do you like living with so many animals?", "It's a lot of work but I love them. They're all so unique and filled with such different personalities. It's never boring here.lol", "What are their personalities like? Its so hard for me to imagine animals other than dogs and cats having any personality. That being said, even with my 6 pets, its already pretty chaotic in my household.", "Rats for example are super smart and can be trained to do tricks and recognize their own names and a few of my fish recognize me and wait at the glass to be fed. ", "Rats sound so scary to live with! Don't your cats want to eat them? EIther way, you're definitely prepared for your future job working with animals.", "Honestly they're very sweet. They'll come up to me and lick me like a dog. I hated their tails at first but their sweetness and intelligence won me over. And yes I definitely learn a lot watching them and googling when they're doing something weird to see if it's normal.lol", "Do you have a favorite animal out of all of them? It seems like it would be so hard to pick one. What are all of their names>", "Oh I could never choose right now but I don't think I could ever not have a dog though. And there are so many to name we'd be here all day but my cat's name is Pig.lol", "That's a hilarious name. What's your dogs name then? Do you actually use him/her for cattle herding?", "His name is Rogue because he does what he wants. So if he wants to herd he will and if he doesn't then he doesn't. He definitely lives up to his name.lol", "Aww, he sound so cute. I am a huge sucker for dogs. Hank brightens my day every single day. Does it suck living in a dorm and not getting to be with your animals?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are u today?", "I am good. Getting ready to pick my son up from school. How about you?", "Not bad just finished class awhile ago.", "Are you in college? I am thinking of going back to school.", "Yes currently. If my dad wasnt a famous musician I wouldnt be able to afford it.", "Oh what band is your dad in?", "He does the piano for the san fransisco phil symphony.", "That's awesome. I used to go to the symphony when I was a kid in britain.", "Do u like music? I love paramore.", "I do like music. Mainly classic and alternative rock.", "Do u have siblings? I have a sister who teaches.", "Yes my sister is back in england. I moved to the us 10 years ago.", "Do you have any pets? I have a bunch.", "I have one dog. What type of pets do you have?"], ["How did you enjoy living in England compared to the states?", "Oh it's a big cultural shock, but I like it a lot. How do you like San Francisco?", "When I go visit my dad, I do like to go to the big bridge. I do prefer to stay near my dorm though. It is so hard to be away from my fur babies.", "What kind of course are you taking?", "Equine science. I am thinking about going to vet school or else maybe studying more about cattle ranching", "So cool! I hope you fulfill those wishes. So are you an animal person?", "Oh yeah. I am way into all animals. I have studied some marine biology when I was on summer in high school, and got to do some scuba diving. But When I got out of HS, I decided I wanted to work with horses. Especially since my dog was bred to be a cattle animal.", "That sounds like the perfect work for you then! How many pets do you have?", "I have a dog, twin calico cats, a aquarium that is full of different creatures from the deep, a family of rats, a chipmunk, two parakeets and an ant farm. What about you? You ever had pets?", "Holy cow! You've got a whole zoo. I've got one dog, his name is Hank. I love him to death.", "Oh yeah, I meant besides him lol. I would love to hear about any other pets you have ever had. I don't quite have a zoo. I did let the owl go, and I rehomed my lizards. I do plan on getting a snake before too long.", "A snake?? That's cool. I also have five cats, but they're just strays that I feed outside."], ["I am also thinking about getting some hamsters but that might get tricky when the snake comes along.", "Keep your hamsters in their cage and keep the snake well fed!  I think you will avoid any problems, but do you have a place for the snake?", "Yeah, we made room in the living room for a big tank for it. We will keep the hamsters somewhere else if we get them. I just have to figure out what kind of snake I want to get.", "I can't believe all the animals you have in your home!  Do you have any issues between your animals or do they all get along?", "They get along and we have a pretty big house and a farm. The dogs and cats usually live out in the barn, but they do like to come inside sometimes.", "That sounds so amazing!  I've been thinking about getting some fish and pygmy frogs. I find aquariums so relaxing.", "That sounds awesome. If you need some advice on them let me know. We have some frogs that live around our ponds, but never had one myself.", "Oh, I will be calling you for sure!  There weren't a lot of animals around me back in England, so I am making up for lost time!", "I can image. Animals are awesome and they help you out of depression. And just make you feel better all around.", "I know I wouldn't know what to do without Hank.  He never judges me and just wants me to feel happy.  Even those stray cats seem to know when I'm having a tough day.", "They are very good at that. I am so glad you have Hank he sounds like a really great dog.", "I was really lucky.  He has a mild temperament and has never really given me problems.  He can be a little protective of me, but once he knows I am in no danger, he is wonderful with strangers."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have more than one son.  I love spending time with my sons.", "I am a fan of Tupac Shakur.", "I love Mexican, Italian, and Chinese food.", "My sons are studying abroad in Europe.", "One of my sons has a Spanish girlfriend. My other sons are still single.", "One of my sons is studying to be a chef in college."], "partner_persona": ["I am a female.  I love going to places and trying new things.", "I have two sons.  I love my sons. My sons are still very young.", "I like Maroon 5, The Rolling Stones, Brad Paisley, and Luke Bryant.", "I love Chinese and Italian food. One of my sons loves Chinese food. My other son likes Italian food.", "I live in Europe.", "One of my sons will be thirteen soon and he loves video games.  I'm planning a surprise party for my son's birthday."], "current_conv": ["My son and his girlfriend prepared an amazing meal for me.", "That's so sweet of them! What dishes did they make?", "italian and chinese food is their specialty", "That must be an interesting clash of flavor haha! My sons would love that!", "That's very cool! Do any of your sons have any girlfriends?", "Well one of my son has a girlfriend for like several years, and for my other younger son I honestly have no idea. My younger son is just being so secretive, he won't even let me go into his room!", "My sons had that period also when they wouldn't go out of their room and play video games and listen to music. One of my sons has a girlfriend though", "Haha maybe our sons will mash well. Honestly I think my younger son might be secretly gay but doesn't want to come out yet for whatever reason. ", "Haha, nice joke, i think they would go very well together also, want to meet up soon?", "Yeah sure, when are you free to meet up?", "My sons are busy and will come in a week for winter break since they are in Europe, does that sound fine? Sometime in winter break?", "Yeah winter break sounds well, and maybe we can go to an ice skating rink -- did I ever tell you that I'm good at ice skating?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how is it goin?", "Great! How about you?", "Great. Are you male or female?", "Female, love to have fun going places and trying new things. What about you?", "I am more of a family man, I love spending time with my sons.", "I have two sons myself. They are the true loves of my life.", "I agree, the best thing that has happened to me in my life.", "Do you like music? My tastes vary greatly...maroon 5, the rolling stones, brad paisley, luke bryant.", "I am lifelong fan of tupac shakur.", "Wow! What about your social life? Dinner and a movie or concerts and dancing?", "Yes, I love all kinds of cuisines mexican, italian, chinese.", "Love chinese and italian!! Mexican kills my stomach."], ["I found a great new Chinese restaurant last night!", "Oh that's great! What's it called?", "China Dragon. I know... Corny name, but it was great. They have the best szechuan beef in the world.", "Really? It's hard to believe that, but I guess I'll take your word on it. Did you bring your boys there?", "Yeah. They love Chinese food too. They both had been out of town for a while, so it was good to see them.", "Ah, that's great. Only one of my sons loves Chinese food as much as I do. The other really just likes Italian food, so it can be difficult to decide where to go.", "It sounds like an international fight!!  My sons just got back from studying abroad. They are leaving again in a few months.", "It's nice that you got to spend some time with them. I'd be so worried if my boys traveled so far away. Luckily it will be a long time before they're old enough.", "It's stressful and I worry all the time, but I am happy for them. Enjoying them while you can. They grow up fast.", "Oh yeah, definitely. Where have your boys been studying?", "They have been in Spain and they are going to Italy next. The European tour!!", "My younger son would be so jealous. They must be eating really well over there!"], ["One of my sons just told me that he has a Spanish girlfriend now.", "Congratulations to your son! Is he happy? Do they seem to be a good match? Have you met her, or gotten a chance to talk to her yet? That's exciting!", "They seem very much in love. I'm so happy for him. My other sons seem to be jealous since they're single still. She's very polite and mature for her age.", "Did they meet at school? What is your son studying? And is she studying the same thing? That's great to hear. Young love is beautiful.", "They met in school. They're both in college and studying to be chefs. I joked that now I get to eat food prepared by two trained chefs instead of one!", "Oh my goodness! I definitely see some tasty dinners in your future! No wonder they get along so well. Food is the way to one's heart, and it sounds like they will both be amazing chefs! Maybe they can even open their own restaurant someday if things go well! Let me know and I'll come to the grand opening, whether it be in Europe or anywhere else in the world!", "Funny enough, my son is great at making Italian food, and his girlfriend knows a few Chinese recipes. So you'd probably love both of the dishes they could prepare.", "My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I'll bring my sons along too! A Chinese and Italian fusion would be perfect for my family to enjoy! There would be no arguments over what to eat.", "You'd definitely be on the guest list! Speaking of which, how are your sons doing? Anything new with them?", "One of their birthdays is coming up. They will be thirteen. We are planning on throwing a surprise party, but sometimes it's hard to pull him away from his video games so it shouldn't be too hard to sneak his friends into the house. I can only hope we can pull him away from his computer long enough to get him to walk down the stairs. Teenagers. Can't live with them... and can't live with them.", "I know what you mean. My youngest son is addicted to social media and video games as well. He comes out of his room to eat, then I don't see him until the morning.", "At least they can pull themselves away from virtual reality long enough to keep themselves alive in real life. Ha. I'm trying to encourage him to get into programming or writing. My son was always very creative, I feel like he could be a great writer or game developer someday, but all he wants to do is co-op with his friends."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love the water and I live near the ocean.", "I used to be an accountant. I no longer work as an accountant, instead I am an engineer.", "I have thought about getting a bird but I worry about them making sounds all the time. I have a dog, we are pretty chill. My dog is a chocolate lab named Frankie. I let my little cousin name my dog.", "My dog is my best friend. My dog and I enjoy the water. My dog loves her ball and Frisbee.", "I love my chocolate lab. I love golden retrievers. I have a brother.", "I like black labs."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the USA.", "I also live by the water and I love nature.", "I have a parrot named Teenu. My parrot talks. I enjoy spending time with my parrot, she is 20 years old. My bird is blue and yellow. She has a Scottish accent from her previous owner. I am not sure how she would react to another bird.", "I love silly pet names.", "I will get another bird. I have always wanted a dog. I like black labs."], "current_conv": ["What silly pet names have you come up with?", "My friend just adopted a great dane - I told her to name him taquito!", "Ah, that's perfect! I love ironic names, haha. My brother has a dog named Big Dog. It's a chihuahua. ", "Haha!  I'm imagining him calling out \"Big Dog, here Big Dog!\" and then this tiny little pipsqueak comes running.  Man, animals are the best.", "Especially dogs. You should totally get one. Are you still thinking about it?", "I am!  I've always wanted a lab.  I love Teenu so much though, I don't know how she'd like having to share my attention haha. ", "I think she's get over it. Maybe she'd learn to speak dog! She could speak dog with a Scottish accent! Can you imagine?", "That's hilarious!  Maybe I'll ease her into it.  I've been thinking about getting another parrot, too.  I don't know how she'll take that but it might be easier for her than a dog.", "Hmm. I wonder about that. Do parrots like other parrots? I mean, I know dogs usually like other dogs but I don't know about birds. ", "They definitely can if they're around the same size and have compatible personalities.  They'll talk to each other too so it's important to give them each space to retreat to if they get in an argument lol", "Oh cool. I had no idea. Well, maybe you could get another parrot and a dog.", "Maybe!  Would you ever get another pet?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. Where do you live?", "Hello I am living in usa.", "I love the water. I even live right by the ocean.", "I am also love nature so much.", "Do you have pets? My dog and I are best friends!", "Yes I have a pet. My.pet is parrot name teenu.", "Very cool. Does your parrot talk?", "Yes my parrot did.it repeats what I a, saying.", "That would be fun. What do you do for a living?", "I am enjoying a moment when my pet with me.", "That's nice. I was an accountant for years.", "Thats wonderful. Where you are work.", "I don't do accounting anymore. I am actually a freelance entrepreneur.", "Wow this is very very good news."], ["How old is your parrot?", "She is 20 years old! She is a great bird. So funny!", "Wow, you've had her for a long time! That's great. What colors is she?", "She is blue and yellow. She was with a previous owner, she actually has as Scottish accent from that.", "That's very cool. She sounds wonderful. I've thought about getting a bird before. I worry about them making sounds all the time, though. I like things quiet. My dog is pretty chill.", "That is true, they are a handful and a commitment. What kind of dog is it?", "She's a chocolate lab. Her name is Frankie, short for Princess Francesca of Barkland IV. I let my little cousin name her. haha", "That is a great name! I love pet names that are sillly like that.", "Yeah, it's a mouthful, though. haha Kids are so funny. She's a great dog, though. Quiet and friendly. She's my best friend.", "Does she enjoy the water as much as you do?", "Yep! When we go to the beach, she has her ball and Frisbee she loves to play with. She'll even bring them up to other dogs to try to play with them, too. haha", "That is soo cute! She sounds like a happy girl."], ["Have you thought about getting another bird or does your bird like to be the only bird around?", "She has always been alone...I am not sure how she would react to another bird.", "Yeah, it could be a lot to have two, but I wonder if they would enjoy communicating with each other. I think my dog would enjoy having another dog friend but I know she likes having all of the attention.", "I often wonder that as well I am sure they would love to communicate maybe I will get another bird an see how it goes. I have always wanted a dog.", "Good luck if you do get another one! I recommend dogs, especially ones who like to be active. It gets me out and about when I'm not working.", "What is your favorite dog breed?", "I love my chocolate lab, but I also love golden retrievers. My brother has a golden retriever and he is just the happiest dog ever. Plus they're so adorable as puppies. What about you?", "I have honestly never thought about it. I guess I would have to say Black Labs they are loyal and just such a happy dog.", "Yes, I like those too! How has your bird been doing recently? Were you home more with her during the past year?", "She's been doing amazing! Yes I have been home more with her!", "That's awesome. I'm sure she enjoys that a lot.", "She sure does? Have you been spending much time with Frankie?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am considered a senior citizen.", "My mother worked at the library.", "I am very quiet and don't like to talk much.", "I have 8 grandkids. They got me a subscription to Disney+. I've been watching it for two days nonstop. I subscribe to Netflix.", "I have bee watching \"The Descendents\" but I like the classic Disney such as The Lion King or Aladdin. I like watching more adult series. I watched Breaking Bad, my favorite character was Jesse Pinkman.", "I like The Mandalorian. I am not a huge fan of Star Wars.", "I am a huge comic book fan.", "I love MasterChef and MasterChef Junior."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have any grandchildren. I love Disney.", "My mother is a dentist.", "I love talking with people and am extroverted.", "I'm not old enough to be a senior citizen.", "I subscribe to Netflix. I have been watching Stranger Things and Breaking Bad. My favorite Breaking Bad character was Walter White.", "My son is 25. I don't have any grandkids. I hope to have grandkids someday.", "I like The Mandalorian, I am not a \"fantic\" of star wars.", "I am not much of a comic book fan,.", "I watch Gordon Ramsey and Jeff Goldblum shows."], "current_conv": ["How old is your son?", "He has not long turned 25 how olad are your children?", "My oldest daughter is 40, my middle son is 38, and the youngest girl is 33. She was a surprise baby. ", "Yeah she wasn't planned at all then?", "The first two were, but the youngest was not. Then they went on to have 2 and 3 kids themselves, so now I'm the lucky grandmother of 8! They sure keep me busy.", "I bet they do lol. I haven't got an yet but can't wait to have some myself.", "Do you have any pets? I have two cats and they're my current babies.", "I have a little dog called Jinx he keeps me company most of the time he's my best friend.", "Oh that's wonderful! What kind of dog is he? I bet he's a great companion for walks too.", "Yeah we love going on walks together he is a jack russell crossed with a Chihuahua.", "I enjoy nature walks too, even though I can't take my kitties. I've been really getting into birdwatching lately as I walk through my local nature preserve.", "Yeah it's nice to be out in nature, it's peaceful and relaxing and takes you away from the stresses of life."], "history_conv": [["Hey do you have any grandchildren? I have 8.", "Wow, I do not have any grandchildren yet. I love disney though!", "I did watch disney on netflix last night with one of my 8 grandchildren..", "Oh okay, well I have a son and we watched moa\\[.", "Did you find that at the library?", "No, it was actually on netflix.", "O when I was younger my mother would take movies from there, she worked there.", "Oh okay, my mother is a dentist.", "Watching movie fits me since I am very quiet person.", "Oh not me, I am more of a extrovert.", "Most senior citizen like me becomes quiet person over time.", "I understand that, I have years until I'm a senior citizen."], ["My grandkids got me a subscription to Disney+ two days ago and we've been watching it nonstop.", "That is great. Are there any specific shows or movies you have been watching, or just a lot in general?", "I have been watching a lot in general! They have me watching something called \"The Descendents\" but I like the classics such as The Lion King or Aladdin", "I watch those a lot with my son. We also have Disney+ but most my tv and movie watching is on Netflix.", "Yes, I am used to usually watching things on Netflix. I like watching more adult series. What did you watch most recently?", "I have been watching the Netflix Original Stranger Things, as well as the AMC show Breaking Bad. Both are very interesting and fun to watch in their own way.", "I watched Breaking Bad, I really liked it. My favorite character is Jesse Pinkman, how about you?", "Jesse was fun to watch, but my favorite had to be Walter White. Bryan Cranston did such a great job portraying him.", "Yes, he is a great actor. Does your son watch that show with you? How old is he, by the way?", "He is 25, so it is appropriate for him to watch it for us. I wish I had some grandkids to watch shows with, although I would have to pick a few more child friendly tv shows.", "Maybe your son will give you a grandchild soon!", "I can only hope, and he still has a lot of time so I will not rush him!"], ["We watched The Mandalorian on Disney+ and it is my new favorite show.", "Me too!!! how far in the show are you, I don't want to spoil anything", "We only just started. It seems like it is way better than the recent trilogy so far.", "I am not a \"fantic\" of star wars, so each movie is fine for me, but I do love the Mando.  For a man you don't see his face, he is very attractive.  I don't know if that makes sense", "I get it. I'm definitely not a huge fan, but that last one was just rough. Have you started WandaVision yet?", "I was just going to suggest that show.  Not much of a comic book fan, but that show hit all the nostaglic buttons.  espcially the first show that was based on Dick Van Dyke", "I am a huge comic book fan, but never really paid attention to Vision or Scarlett Witch arcs. It was very good. I'll probably try Captain American and the Winter Soldier eventually.", "If you like it, let me know.  I've been watching the Gordon Ramsey and Jeff Goldblum shows and wish they make more.  The most underrated show is Encore, I've cried almost every episode.  Have you explored any of the other shows", "Not yet. Haven't had a ton of time recently. I do love some MasterChef and MasterChef Junior though.", "This one is better than those, because he's very nice and interested in the different cultures.  Makes me grateful for the food we have here though and not have to eat weird worms", "I will definitely try it. I miss Anthony Bourdain, weird worms and all. Did you watch much of his stuff?", "only after his passing, being a breaking bad fan have you tried Saul.  I haven't but people always recommend it to me."]]}
{"your_persona": ["Fall is my favorite season.", "My favorite bands are Styx and Journey. I have heard of the Iron Man song.", "I am not into classic rock. I love Mediterranean food. I like chicken shwarma better than beef.", "I have 5 grandkids, they love the beach. We like to collect shells and build sand castles. I rented a place on the beach for a month. I enjoy taking my grandchildren to the beach. ", "I love having kids around and how they entertain each other."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy BBQ hotdogs at the beach.", "My favorite band is Black Sabbath. My favorite Black Sabbath song is Iron Man.", "I also prefer chicken and enjoy it with babaganoush. I have a job and I am not looking forward to working.", "I only play music at the beach loud enough for me to hear. I haven't had a chance to go to the beach as much this year.", "I have nieces and nephews.", "I usually eat humus along with some sort of meat."], "current_conv": ["How old are your nieces and nephews?", "They're 12, 13, 14, and 2. I enjoy having another little one because I missed when the other 3 were little and actually wanted to spend time with me and not their phones.lol", "Yeah that's the trouble these days isn't it they are only interested in phones and computers. ", "Yeah, a lot of adults aren't much better to be honest but that's just how life grows and evolves I guess. It definitely has it's advantages and disadvantages. Are they going to spend time with you down at the beach this summer?", "Yeah your right what a different world we live in now hey. Yeah I like to take them their to get them away from everything and let them be kids. I always look forward to our time there.", "I'd love to be able to rent a beach house and just get away from life for a month but it wouldn't definitely be hard coming back to reality. When are you going?", "Yeah it is hard to come back I always want to stay lol. As soon as the kids break up from school we will be going down there.", "My nephew was just enrolled in high school for next year. It makes me feel so old.lol", "Yeah they grow up so fast don't they and time never seems to be getting any slower.", "No, that's one thing I've noticed is the older you get the faster time seems to fly by. To think we couldn't wait to grow up and now I'd just love to go back and appreciate it this time.lol", "Lol yeah I couldn't wait to be older now I just want to be a kid again.", "Well mentally I'm still a kid but my body doesn't agree and now I'm forced to buy stuff all on my own instead of begging my parents.lol"], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon how are you doing.", "I am doing well, thank you.", "I am babysitting my five grandchildren.", "Holy cow, you have five grandchildren? How do you do it?", "Yes I love taking them to the beach even though fall is my favorite season.", "Why is fall your favorite season. I love to barbecue hot dogs at the beach.", "I am listening to my favorite bands styx and journey all day.", "I am listening to my favorite band black sabbath. Are you into classic rock?", "No, but I just tried mediterranean food and loved it.", "Do you prefer beef or chicken shwarma?", "I prefer chicken shwarma over beef.", "Me too. I love mine with babaganoush. Dude I am not looking forward to work."], ["What is your favorite Black Sabbath song?", "They have a lot of good songs, but my favorite would have to be Iron Man. Have you heard that one?", "Yes, for sure.  Was Ozzy Osbourne the lead singer at that time?", "I am not 100 percent sure. I just know that I love listening to them at the beach!", "My grandkids love the beach, we like to collect shells and build sand castles.  I hope you don't play the music too loud when you are there.", "No don't worry, only loud enough for me to hear. Although I do love the beach, I haven't gotten a chance to head down there a lot this year.", "Well if you are interested, I rented a place on the beach for a month.  You bring the hotdogs and we'll have a bbq and enjoy the sand.", "That would be amazing, thank you! Can I also bring my family, assuming we can all get out of work? I think my nieces and nephews will get along great with your grandkids.", "Sure that will be great.  I love having kids around and they seem to entertain each other which leaves more time for adults to be adults.", "That's right. And maybe you can play some Journey songs for me, and I'll play you some more Black Sabbath.", "Either way, as long as we don't have to listen to what the kids listen to these days, we should be good.  I'll send you the address later.", "Thank you very much, I can't wait."], ["I made a really good humus recipe I will have to try with my next batch of chicken shwarma.", "If it's good, send it to me so I can try it with my chicken and babaganoush.  Are there any other Mediterranean foods you like?", "Do you ever make any vegaterian humus? I love all Mediterranean foods thats probably why I'm still hanging onto my 15lbs I gained last year. haha", "I usually eat humus along with some sort of meat. Wow - 15 pounds! Maybe it was your month at the beach that made you put on the weight. What do your grankids like to eat?", "My grandkids are monsters haha. No, they aren't picky at all the benefit is that they are so active that they can eat whatever they want. How was your last concert on the beach?", "It's good that they are not picky. My nieces and nephews hardly eat anything. I definitely don't go to the beach for a concert, but just to relax and listen to some Black Sabbath.", "Ah. Good ole Ozzzy huh?", "Yes, back in his glory days he could really sing. Now, maybe, not so much. His voice was never as good as the lead singer of Journey, do you think?", "Its funny you mention Journey, they are my favorite band. I've seen them in person over a dozen times even with the new lead singer and they are just as good.", "That is fantastic. It's hard to beat live music! I only got to see Black Sabbath once, but it was great experience.", "What year did you go see them?", "I think. it might have been 1990. Those years get a little fuzzy. I think I spent two weeks at the beach that year, as I recall."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy scuba diving.", "I used to be in the Marines. I love going to the gym.", "I breed snakes and other reptiles as a hobby.", "I also drive a Jeep.", "I live in Hawaii after I got a divorce from my wife.", "I live in Honolulu. I can get discounts at a nice hotel in Honolulu. I am a Honolulu local and know the best spots that only the locals know about."], "partner_persona": ["I don't enjoy scuba diving, I like to work out at the gym.", "I drive a Jeep Wrangler.", "My husband is a lawyer.", "I am thinking of visiting Honolulu with my husband in the winter months. I think my husband is due for a vacation. I am trying to get my husband to agree to go on a vacation to Honolulu.", "I have never visited Honolulu before. I was supposed to go to Honolulu 2 years ago but couldn't.", "I really want to go to the beach and Diamond Head in Honolulu.", "I have been married for almost 10 years.", "I don't have kids. Me and my husband have not decided for sure if we are having kids yet. Me and my husband have been busy."], "current_conv": ["I just got back from a hidden cove that I love to go snorkeling at. Even if you don't like to snorkel, you should still check it out. It's beautiful!", "I will try to; have you ever snorkeled in Oahu? (I'm planning a trip there)", "Yes! I've gone to all the hawaiian islands, but I definitely prefer my place out here in Honolulu. I thought you were planning to visit honolulu as well!", "Yes. Any good hikes out there, by the way, that mirror the stairmaster reps I like to do at the gym?", "Absolutely, I'll have to ask around from my more athletic friends though and get back to you. I've gotta be honest, even though I love hawaii and its a great spot for hikes, I prefer to just chill at the beach. ", "I like it too, but Diamond Head might be too chaotic and sandbox-like for my overworked husband. (Tho I love it). Any beach recommendations?", "Pretty much all the beaches here are soooo scenic and idyllic. I hope you're able to find time to come and visit. I knugh.ow your husband is a lawyer and lawyers are really busy tho", "Very much so! A big city law firm. Maybe the firm should host their conferences in Hawaii -- and we know how lawyers are so competitive, so maybe stage some Jeep races there!", "I think its totally doable! Those big city law firms have a lot of money and could definitely afford to have an off-site in some cool tropical locations. And yeah, me and you both know how fun jeeps are haha!", "Yeah. You won't believe how reliable my Wrangler is -- eighty thousand miles before a part wears out, and half of that in federal wilderness.", "Wow that's crazy. I've never pushed my jeep that far but I should try it out. What do you do out in the wilderness?", "Camping (always better with a popup tent), hiking, and of course offroading is the holy trinity. Especially when you can hire a local guide. Are you open to being a guide for us in Honolulu?"], "history_conv": [["I really like to scuba dive, how about you?", "Not really, I prefer going to the gym.", "Im an x marine I love going to the gym never gave up that hobby.", "Do you have any other hobbies?", "Yes I breed snakes,and and other reptiles pays pretty well to be honest.", "Thats very cool! I like driving my wrangler.", "I love driving my jeep when im in hawaii especially around honolulu.", "I hear they have great vegan food in hawaii.", "Yeah they do very much so,i moved there after my divorce from my wife.", "Hope youre having fun out there.", "I love it here so much after 3 times of going I decided to stay.", "Ill have to go check it out with my husband.", "Sounds like a plan you too wont regret it!", "He is a lawyer we always talk about going."], ["I would love to get together if you and your husband decide to visit Hawaii.", "That would be fantastic! Are you based in Honolulu?", "Yes I am. Honolulu is the place to be. Hopefully you can her down here soon.", "I'd love that! Do you have any suggestions as to where we should stay while we're there?", "There is a very nice hotel that i could get you a discount at i will email you all the details.", "You're awesome! My husband has been so stressed with work lately that I think he's due for a vacation.", "Oh yeah work can for sure get to you sometimes. Honestly you both deserve a well rested break to relax.", "It's very true. How crowded do the beaches tend to get? Are there any secrets to getting a good spot?", "Yeah it for sure gets busy here during peak times, but as a local i know all the best spots that only the people that live here know about. I will give you a grand tour of all the best places.", "I can't wait! In my experience, trips are always better when you know a local.", "Yeah they are the locals seem to know all the trade secrets to a great vacation without being in the middle of the chaos.", "How long ago was your divorce, if I may ask? I know you moved there afterwards."], ["I just tried out a new restaurant for lunch that will be really popular soon. You had better get down here and try it before it is impossible to get into.", "Tell me all about it!  I am working on my husband to get him to approve the Honolulu vacation.  When is the best time to go to avoid all those tourists (I know I would be one too)?", "The offseason in Honolulu would be the winter months.  You can avoid the crowds then, and your entire vacation would be cheaper with offseason prices.", "I think that's when I will try to go.  Maybe the restaurant won't be too crowded?  What is on the menu?", "Traditional Hawaiian food that are local favorites.  There's plenty of other restaurants here to choose from, so I'm sure you'll love the food.  Will this be your first time visiting Honolulu?", "Yes.  We were supposed to go two years ago, but something came up and we had to vacation a little closer to home.  We are definitely ready. Are there some places that you would recommend that maybe most tourists don't know about?", "Depends on the types of attractions you're into.  There's plenty of hole in the wall restaurants that only locals know about so be sure to ask the hotel staff.  What are looking forward to most once you're here?", "Thanks so much for the suggestions!  I think I really want to go to the beach and I really want to visit Diamond Head.  I hear it's breathtaking.", "The beaches here are amazing ofcourse.  This will be an incredible romantic getaway.  How long have you been married?", "10 years next month!  I am thinking of telling my husband to hold off on exchanging anniversary gifts and just put it into my little \"Aloha Fund!\"", "Yes.  Any children, and will they be coming along?", "No kids. We haven't decided, but we are getting to a point where it's going to have to be soon if at all!  We've just been so busy and into our own things."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the beach.", "I don't exercise much. I like Mediterranean food. I need to manage my weight carefully.", "I like the bands Styx and Journey. I like classic rock. I'm seeing a Journey concert in the fall.", "I have grandchildren. I am a grandparent now and can enjoy watching my children raise their own kids.", "I also enjoy grilled salmon, but I also equally enjoy chicken gyro with hummus.", "I am married and will be celebrating 50 years of marriage next month.", "My husband is a better decorator than I am. I really do not like decorating."], "partner_persona": ["I like the outdoors. I enjoy running on the beach. I try to run about five times a week.", "I like Mediterranean food. I follow a high-protein diet.", "I like Sufjan Stevens' music.", "I'm a tax accountant. I make pretty good money.  I like slow, gentle music.", "I'm still getting settled in my new apartment. I like it a lot.", "I don't have children. I'm not sure if I will want kids, let alone settle down. I am re-thinking my previous decision to not have children.I have a wife who probably will want children.", "Me and my wife like enjoying new foods, especially food from the Mediterranean. I am currently dieting in high protein and love grilled salmon.", "My wife is a better decorator than I am. I am a pretty bad decorator. I do not really like new fancy things.", "My apartment has 3 bedrooms. My wife an I sleep in one bedroom, one is an office, and one is a spare. The spare bedroom is for kids if we have any. We do not have kids right now.", "I do not like lifting weights for exercise.  I would maybe use a treadmill.", "I like an apartment because if something breaks I can have the landlord fix it.  I think owning a home is a hassle."], "current_conv": ["I went to a music store recently and found a few great albums, one was a Journey album.  I really like this music on a record player instead of getting a digital download of their music.", "Yeah, I agree.  I remember those days with the great turntable debates.  Of course there's something to be said for a form of recording that can't get all scratched up.", "To me it's all about the physical copy and the album work and the entire package of having it. I can truly feel like the record is \"mine\" and I can pass it on to the next generation without risk of somebody forgetting a password!", "I can relate to that feeling for sure!  Of course, if the next generation is able to find something to play it on! One thing that was so great about it was the album cover art.  Even on CD's it was hard to appreciate.", "I have a special spot to display whichever record is in the player. It's the focus of the area like a masterpiece of art. It encourages random visitors to ask to hear music, which always makes life better!", "That's a good idea!  Hey!  I've got some big news!  My wife just told me she's pregnant!  I guess the whole debate about whether or not to have children has been decided for us!", "Wow! That's great news! Now it all begins.. names.. themes.. decorations.. buying tons of stuff. It's so much fun! ", "Yeah, it means having to throw out everything that's in the spare bedroom though.  Including the record collection I inherited from my grandparents.  Maybe there's some albums in there you'd be interested in.  I haven't had anything to play them on in 20 years anyway.", "Definitely! I can just build a few more shelves and rescue all of your records! And you could stop by to hear them whenever you want, bring the kid!", "That sounds like a plan!  I'm not even sure anymore what all is in the collection. It was mostly from the 60's.  My grandparents were hippies! ", "You'd be surprised! I had some hippie relatives and their record collection was very diverse! Everything from classic quartets to Jeff Beck and Willie Nelson! When do you want me to come get them?", "Whenever you have time!  There's no rush, the baby won't need the room for quite a while yet! haha"], "history_conv": [["It's a great time of the year to get to the beach, don't you agree?", "I do! I like to be outside. Running on the beach is fun.", "I run after my grandkids! That's about all the exercise I get. What about you?", "I run as much as I can. I try to get out 5 times each week.", "I bet you're in great shape. I need to watch my weight after discovering mediterranean food! Yum.", "Yes I like mediterranean food. I try to stick to a high protein diet.", "Do you like to work out to music too?", "Not while working out. But I do listen to sufjan stevens quite a bit.", "Cool, I'm still into the oldies like styx and journey. I'll see journey this fall!", "Neat! That music is too rocking for me. I am a tax accountant...boring!", "Oh my, that's hard work in the spring. Fall is the best time to be free.", "I just moved to a new apartment and trying to get settled.", "Are you married or single?", "Married, no kids. How about you?"], ["Are you planning on having kids after you're settled?", "I am still undecided, I don't know if I'll ever settle.", "Being a parent is definitely a tough job. However, now that I am a grandparent, that is the most fun job in the world! My grandkids bring me such joy, but I don't have to do any of the hard stuff like changing diapers or disciplining them!", "Haha you make such a great point, i am definitely leaning towards having kids for reasons you mentioned.", "I am glad I am helping you to make a decision! What does your spouse think?", "I think she definitely wants kids, and ultimately she'll have the final say probably haha. Happy wife happy life", "Yes, you are right with that! What do you and your wife like to do for fun right now since you don't have kids tying you down? haha!", "We love trying new food places especially mediterranen food.", "Oh you are making me hungry! What is your favorite dish?", "I really just love grilled salmon, it helps me maintain my high protein diet. What is your favorite dish?", "I love a good grilled salmon, I actually had that for dinner. I love chicken gyro with hummus...yum!", "That sounds super unique, hummus is such an underrated snack!"], ["I'm also married! Will be celebrating our 50th next month. Oh, how are you liking your new apartment so far?", "I really like it!", "That is great. Who is the decorator? You or your wife? My husband has an eye for things and I do not. I don't mind though; I am not really worried about that sort of thing.", "My wife! My decor skills make her sick..or so she says. She is better at finding things that match than I am, I would just throw things together and hope they don't clash.", "Haha better leave it up to her then! How many bedrooms does the new place have?", "It's 3 bedrooms. My wife wanted to have 2 extra one for an office and one for a kid if I ever decide I want to have kids.", "It is good to plan ahead. You could make that extra room a gym in the meantime!", "That's actually a really good idea!  I am not really a fan of weights though so maybe a treadmill so I can run when there is bad weather and I cannot get out to the beach!", "That is a great idea! You could get one of those fancy Peloton things too. It could help with stamina.", "I am not to into new fancy things but that does sound like a great idea!", "Probably very pricey. Do you make good money as an accountant? I would assume so, but there has to be a reason you chose an apartment over owning a home.", "I do make decent money, homeownership just seems like such a hassle I like apartments because if something goes wrong I can just call the landlord and be like hey man fix this please."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy eating meat. I like dairy.", "I enjoy snowboarding.", "I enjoy comedy. My Favorite comedian is Charlie Parker.", "I started practicing yoga recently. I would love to learn a martial art."], "partner_persona": ["I am a student and don't make much money.", "I do martial arts. I don't enjoy comedy but I do like Jiu Jitsu. I practise Jiu Jitsu.", "I am vegan.", "I like swimming in the summer. I like swimming in a lake.", "English isn't my first language. I speak a dialect of Japanese.", "I don't have a lot of money right now.", "I do jiu jitsu and free swimming.", "I lived in Japan for the first 12 years of my life. I moved to America when I was 12. Sometimes I miss Japan. I like to teach Japanese to my friends. My friends help teach me English.", "I have heard of Charlie Parker but am not a huge fan.", "I am not a huge fan of comedy. I have heard that Dave Chappelle is funny."], "current_conv": ["I decided to start training in jiu jitsu. I'm terrible so far. I was wondering if you had any good tips for a beginner.", "The most important thing is to stick with it. It is very technical and can take some time to learn, just don't give up!", "I'll try. How long you have been practicing it by the way?", "I started quite young so about 8 years now. I am still learning now and get better all the time.", "Wow that's great to hear! What's your belt color and what inspired you to practice Jiu Jitsu versus other martial arts?", "I recently got my black belt, I so happy tp get that.", "Wow good for you! So how's your English lessons going? Do you feel comfortable speaking it?", "I am more confident in my written English. I still find it hard to have fluent conversations. I think some of it is that people all sound slightly different. ", "Yes, that's true. I've been trying to learn some spanish and the amount of dialects is crazy! Makes it very challenging to learn it while listening to different videos. ", "Good luck with your Spanish. Why did you want to learn it?", "I've been wanting to travel to Argentina for the summer as it's crazy cheap and they say they have the best meats!", "Ah amazing, yes I bet they do have the best meats! I wouldn't know though, being a vegan and that."], "history_conv": [["I really love eating meat, how about you?", "I wish I'm a broke student.", "Do you enjoy sports? I enjoy snowboarding.", "I do some martial arts so yeah, whats your favorite?", "Do you like comedy? Who is your favorite comedian?", "I don't actually, but I do love some jiu-jitsu.", "That's too bad. My favorite comedian is charlie parker.", "Is he funny? You said you loved food do you like dairy?", "He is funny. I do like dairy. Are you vegan?", "I am because I can't even dairy foods.", "Well, that's better for your health. Do you like swimming?", "I do love it, it's especially fun in the summer."], ["I would enjoy going swimming together sometime.", "I'd like that too! We might have a difficult time deciding where to have lunch though!", "I know of a great vegan place by the lake. Do you prefer swimming in the lake or at a pool?", "Definitely the lake.  The pools get too crowded in the summer. And when I'm out of the water I can practice Jiu Jitsu on the bank to dry off.", "Oh that is great! I like to practice yoga on the beach when I am out of the water. Maybe I can show you yoga, and you can teach me some Jiu Jitsu moves!", "Sure!  And there's a comdey club not too far from the lake. We could make a whole day of it!", "Wow, that sounds like the perfect day! I thought you didn't like comedy though, you don't have to go on my behalf!", "Well, I thought I might learn to like it better if there was someone with me to explain the jokes. English isn't my first language.", "Oh, I didn't know that, you speak English very well! What is your first language?", "A dialect of Japanese only spoken in rural parts of the country.", "Wow, that is so cool! When did you move here from Japan? Do you miss it?", "My family moved to america when I was 12. I do miss it."], ["I cooked a vegan chilli that was to die for.", "That sounds nice, I don't have a lot of money at the moment and it sounds like a cheap and healthy mean. Do you not eat meat?", "I actually love eating meat, but I wanted to try a vegan dish out of curiosity. I know you're a vegan so I wanted to tell you about it.", "That makes sense, I will have to try it, veganism is surprisingly cheap if you buy the right things, I have to be conscious of it since I'm a student. Do you do any sports? I do jiu jitsu and I do a lot of free swimming.", "I've lately started practicing yoga, but I'd love to learn a martial art. Is jiu-jitsu difficult to learn?", "That sounds fun, must be relaxing, how are you finding it? jiu jitsu is easy enough to learn at the start but gets harder when you do it more often. I mainly learnt it as I lived in japan for the first 12 years of my life.", "That's right, you moved to America when you were 12, right? Do you ever miss Japan?", "Yeah I did! I do sometimes, but it's fun to teach the japanese dialect I know to my friends; they also teach me english. Do you like comedy?", "I do! My favorite comedian is Charlie Parker. Are you familiar with them?", "I have heard the name, although I'm not a huge fan myself, I can appreciate the intricacies of the performance aspect of it.", "They're not for everyone, but I enjoy their stand-up comedy. Do you have a favorite comedian yourself?", "Yeah that makes sense. I'm not a bit fan of comedy, but I have heard that dave chappelle is very funny!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I scuba dive. I used to be a marine stationed in Hawaii.", "I am retired.", "I have two pet snakes. One of them escaped. I found my missing Snake in the dryer as I was doing my laundry.", "I am recently divorced.", "I like baseball. I like to attend my local baseball team's games.", "I played a lot of baseball when I was younger.  I taught my kids to play baseball.", "I go diving pretty often.  I am going diving in a couple weeks. I used to be an Olympic diver before joining the Marines.  The diving is a reason I joined the Marines.", "I have two silver and one bronze Olympic medal for diving."], "partner_persona": ["I play baseball.", "I love learning new languages. I speak Chinese and English. I am learning Japanese.", "I am studying for a marketing degree. I am close to getting this degree. I am going to school, learning another language and playing baseball.", "I have never been to a baseball game. I want to compete in baseball at the summer Olympics.", "I like to attend activities. I am interested in seeing a baseball game."], "current_conv": ["Are you interested in trying diving.  I know people there and they are very good at teaching newbies.", "Very interested by the way. Where are you people located?", "I used to be in hawaii, but then i moved to califronia, since i retired", "How was it in Hawaii. I've never been to Hawaii before.", "It was really nice, there are serveral types of fish in the beaches, the Olyimpics was once held in Hawaii", "Very nice! Fishing there must be a whole lot of fun. I remember about the olympics am a big sports fan ", "Yeah, it was really nice, I won an Olympic medal for swimming", "Really? I think that for me would have been an achievement of a lifetime.", "lol it was for me also, right before that, i had gotten my degree.", "What did you major in? I work as a lawyer I recently secured a loan to start my own law firm", "I major in biology, it was always my dream to be a neurosurgeon from a child, but i decided to play sports and swim cause that was what i realized was my main passion in life", "It is never too late to chase your other passions and dreams."], "history_conv": [["Hey, buddy...how's it going?", "Doing great weather is great for playing baseball. You?", "Waiting for some better weather to get out diving! Ever been scuba diving?", "No but I do enjoy having seafood.", "Best seafood I've ever had was as a marine stationed in hawaii.", "I would love to goto hawaii, but currently stuck working on my marketing degree.", "Retired now, so will go for the 4th time soon!.", "I would like to do a design ad later for hawaii, when I go visit.", "Yep, just got divorced so it's just me and my two pets snakes now..", "Good time to learn new things. I love learning new languages.", "What languages can you speak now?", "Chinese and english. Learning japanese since I like playing baseball."], ["One of my pet snakes escaped today! Guess where I found him?", "I hope it wasn't curled up on the couch!", "Nope that would not have been good. He was in my tumble dryer. I nearly didn't see him when i put the clothes in there from the wash.", "Perhaps the dryer was still warm after the last use and he enjoyed the temperature.  Sometimes I wish I could crawl into a dryer to warm up!", "Yes that must of been it. I should of checked there first really but its the furthest place he could have gone in it didn't even cross my mind. But he is safely back in his enclosure now.", "Do you think the snakes might have contributed to your divorce?", "No they didn't i got them after the divorce as i always wanted to have snakes and she didn't. But now i get to do what i like which is great.", "I generally do what I want too, sometimes it doesn't work out with my studies...I have been trying to finish this marketing degree for 6 years now.  Probably time to strap in and hit the books!", "Yeah school can be tough to get through. Especially if you don't have the right mind set. But you have come so far you can do this.", "I'm just spread a little thin now...school, learning foreign languages, baseball, etc.  I really need to focus on one at a time.  Any tips for when you were in marines?", "Honestly at first i didn't take things as serious as i should off. You just need to set up yourself in your mind that you need to put in the work to get to the place you want to be in life, even when times get hard just push through and it will all be worth it in the end.", "Good advice. I will never be a professional ball player or work at the United Nations as a translator, so better to focus on marketing."], ["I obtained two tickets to the local baseball team's home game.", "That's great! Do you like baseball? I have never gone.", "Yeah, I used to play all the time when I was a kid, and I taught my kids how to play too.", "I wish I could play more, but I have not had time recently since I have been busy studying for school.", "It's a shame you've never had the chance to go to a game. I'm sure you'd enjoy it given the fact that you've played it a fair bit.", "Yes, I agree. Too much time playing, and not enough time watching and enjoying the sport! I am very excited to finally get my marketing degree, though. Have you done any dives since we spoke last?", "Not lately, but I have one coming up in a couple weeks. They're a bit difficult to plan since it basically takes a whole day to prepare, get out there, and put everything away.", "Where are you going diving at? It sounds so exciting! Did you learn to dive when you were a marine?", "I try to go to different spots. It makes for quite a unique experience each time. I actually used to be an Olympic diver before I joined the marines. That's kind of what led me to join them.", "That is very impressive! Did you win any medals when you competed in the Olympics? I hope someday I get the chance to compete at the Summer Olympics for baseball.", "I won a couple of silvers and a bronze. I always thought I was going to get the gold, but I always fell just a bit short. I'm still pretty proud of my overall performance though.", "I would be proud as well, that is quite the accomplishment! So, how about those baseball tickets? Would you like some company for the game?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a fast food restaurant and our ice cream is the best.", "I will be going to college next year, so I am working to save up. I will be studying neuroscience in college. I volunteer at a research lab now.", "I am an Eagle Scout.", "I have dark hair and hazel eyes.", "I live by the Daytona Beach. I like to fish and swim. I like to be within walking distance of the water.", "I have been wanting to get a smart car. I don't want to have to wait to charge my car before going places.", "I very much enjoy visiting the ocean but prefer it when there are few to no people there.", "I swam fairly far out into the ocean during my most recent trip to the beach.", "I was once pulled under the water during a riptide while swimming in the ocean. The incident upset me but I have put that behind me even though I still remember it.", "I love the ocean enough that I was able to go back to it after getting caught in a rip tide. I used meditation with ocean sounds to help overcome that experience. I slowly returned to swimming in the ocean, I played it safe at first and gradually swam out further. I swam out farther today to get away from the groups of people.", "I was able to associate the ocean with calming effects by taking it slow."], "partner_persona": ["I lived in Alaska and I don't like the cold.", "I am hoping to retire on a beach soon.", "My parents are from the north, I have never done scouting.", "I have blonde hair and blue eyes.", "I have a Smart Car. I have had it for five years or so. My car helps me save up for retirement. I mostly use my smart car to get around town.", "I'd like to retire to Hawaii but I'd have to save up more for that. I'd prefer to retire to a place a little quieter.", "I once got caught in a riptide during a visit to the beach and was upset by the incident and am now cautious about the ocean. I hope to one day return to the ocean and go swimming again.", "I occasionally play ocean sounds through a white noise app on my phone."], "current_conv": ["Have you made any progress with going back to swimming in the ocean?", "You know, not yet. I have been swimming in my community pool, though. It's a nice way to cool off during the hot summer months.", "That's totally understandable. My rip tide experience scared me to pieces but I'm glad to be mostly past it now. Pools are good. Still good exercise, right?", "Absolutely, that and my nightly walks around the neighborhood. I'm not much into working out, but I like staying active. Keeps me limber as I get older.", "Yeah that makes sense. It must be nice and peaceful when you walk at night. I'd love to walk after work but honestly I'm just tired after dealing with customers.", "I worked at a fast food joint back when I was in high school, many years ago. I remember how tired you get after being on your feet all day... That, and always smelling like french fries.", "Totally! My dog loves me when I get home because of the fry smell. Today the milkshake machine broke again. So annoying because people are NOT nice when you tell them it's out.", "I can only imagine! I remember one time our fryer broke and we couldn't make any burgers for the day - now that was a tough time. I'm so glad to be working in an office now.", "Oh yikes, that would be a disaster. I don't even want to think about it. I can't wait to go to college! Hopefully I won't have to have a job while I'm there.", "Have you decided what school you're going to, or what you're going to study? You've got some big choices to make!", "I'm not sure where I'm going but I know I want to study neuroscience.", "That's a great major choice. Are you thinking of being a doctor, or are you thinking more of a scientist?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I work in a fast food restaurant that serves the best ice cream.", "What a fun job! I am not a big fan of cold after living in alaska for three years.", "I can understand that. I'll be going to college next year so, I need the money.", "Congrats! What will you be studying? I am hoping to retire on a beach soon.", "Neuroscience. I volunteer at a research lab now.", "That sounds fascinating. I don't know much about neuroscience but I know I love my smart car!", "Awesome! Believe it or not, I'm also a scout....an eagle scout!", "On your honor? My parents are from the north and never introduced me to scouting.", "I've done it for years....don't plan to give it up anytime soon.", "My hair is blonde and I have blue eyes. What do you look like?", "Dark with hazel eyes and a lots of personality.", "I can tell, what do you do for fun?", "I live by the beach so, I like to fish and swim.", "I might have to move in with you when I retire!"], ["How long have you had your smart car?", "I've had it for a good five years or so now. It's definitely been helping me to save up for retirement, and it's actually kind of fun once you get used to it.", "I bet, I have been wanting to get one. How long does it usually take to fully charge?", "Oh, about a couple hours or so. It's just important to remember to recharge it before you need to go out!", "That has always been my thing, I don't want to wait forever at places for the car to charge", "Yeah, I probably wouldn't have gotten it if I had to regularly drive long distances. I mostly just use it to get around town, so I can just recharge at home most of the time.", "I definitely need to consider getting one than! What beach are you hoping to retire on one day?", "I haven't made up my mind just yet. It'd be nice to find a place in Hawaii, although I'll need to save up a lot more for that.", "Hawaii is amazing, I live by a beach and it is amazing to be within walking distance of the water", "I'm sure it is! What beach do you live near?", "I live near Daytona Beach, gets a little touristy in the summer, so the beaches are packed, but it is fun.", "Hmm, I probably would've enjoyed that in my younger days. But I think I'd prefer somewhere a bit quieter for my twilight years."], ["I just went to the beach after work and it was really busy, it must be tourist season.", "Did you go swimming at the beach?", "Yes, I love the ocean. I prefer it when it's quieter though. There wasn't much room to go for a walk or be alone with my thoughts.", "Was the water more calm than it has been recently?", "Yes, it was calm but lots were splashing around. I swam out pretty far though.", "I got caught up in a rip tide once and it pulled me out so far.  I'm always nervous about the ocean now.", "I know. I experienced that also when I was small. I was pulled under. Luckily it wasn't too far from shore. Very scary though. Somehow I overcame my fear. But, it's always in the back of my mind.", "How did you manage to overcome it?", "Somehow my love of the ocean was enough. I also did a lot of meditation with ocean sounds. I think that helped me to see the ocean as a calming place not a place to fear. Ultimately, I just had to get back in the water. I took it slow though and stayed close to shore for quite a while, venturing out when it seemed safe. Today, I just wanted to get past the crowds so I swam out.", "I think I should try that sometime.  I'd love to get back out there again.", "Maybe the meditation can help you associate the ocean with calm too. Taking it slow seemed to help me.", "I do have some white noise on my phone, which I can play ocean sounds through."]]}
{"your_persona": ["We have a dog and a cat. I live with my mother. My father is a steel worker. My dad works at the steel mills.", "I am not very handy. My mom is not very handy either and I take after her.", "I go to school. I am studying nuclear physics. School takes up a lot of my time. I try to explain the work load to my parents but they don't understand.", "I have been very busy studying.  My pets are demanding.", "My parents are not college graduates. My parents do not understand how busy I am.", "I feel smothered by my mother and my pets. My mother nags me a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I need new furniture. I'm renovating the house. I think dealing with contractors is a pain. I can do some of the basic renovations myself like the painting. It is hard to get stuff done with my work schedule.", "I have a grill. I eat steak.", "I work at the mall in the central security office. I watch cameras all day.", "I have 2 dogs. My dogs are demanding.", "I am renovating my kitchen soon. My kitchen is outdated. I own my home. I have enough money to make renovations to my kitchen."], "current_conv": ["I think I made a breakthrough with getting my parents to understand my hectic schedule. ", "Oh? How did you manage that? I know parents can be hard to get through to", "I got a gopro and livestreamed my life so they could see it firsthand. Now they believe me!", "Oh my god that's such a crazy and innovative idea! I am so impressed with you. I should use that method in my own life when I have disagreements with people. How have your parents treated you differently ever since you proved it to them?", "Not really. They'll always be who they are and how they are. They simply spend less time trying to convince me that I'm wrong! hahaha", "That's a start haha! At least you'll soon be able to move out. I remember back when I lived with my parents, and now I'm so glad I get to have my own space. Even when I'm busy with work, its such a relief to come back to a quiet house.", "I can only imagine life without all the nagging. I'm sure it will only be temporary as eventually I'll get married and have someone else to nag me everyday! haha. I'll be sure to enjoy that time while I got it.", "No, I'm sure your future partner will be more on your same wavelength! You'll be shocked at how chill it is to just hang out with someone with no nagging. Anyway, nuclear physics must pretty much take all of your mental energy as it is. How is that>", "It's all theory at this point. It's going well. We have been using the current situation with the Chinese reactor as a study point.", "Oh what's the current situation? I'm so out of touch with these things", "There is a nuclear radiation leak in China, and they are covering it up. A top scientist was actually found dead and it's raising a lot of suspicion. ", "What!!!! That is unbelievable. This really illuminates to me how I need to read more news."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I just got home from school. What's up with you?", "Hey there just got done looking at furniture online. How are you today?", "I'm good. What kind of furniture are you getting?", "Loveseat. I hope it will not collect pet fur.", "Do you have dogs, cats, or a mixture of both?", "2 doggies. I love my fur babies.", "Aww! We have a dog and a cat, but the cat only really likes mom.", "Cats can be that way. My dogs will be happy when the house is finished.", "Are you doing major renovations like on hgtv?", "Yeah and the dogs dont care for all the workers..", "My dad's a steel worker. It's really noisy there!", "I bet. Well I need to get to the mall soon for work..", "Ok, I need to do my homework. It was nice chatting with you!", "After work I will grill steaks. Drop by later if you can.."], ["How are your home renovations coming along?", "It's coming along, slowly but surely. Dealing with contractors is always a pain. It's as though they're incapable of meeting their own deadlines!", "Yes, I can imagine. Are you able to do any of the work yoursef?", "Only certain basics like painting and such. With my work schedule, it's hard to get much done.", "I'd offer to help you, but I'm afraid I'm not very handy.  I tend to take after my mother more than my dad.", "Haha I appreciate the thought. How have things been at school lately?", "Pretty good. But it takes a lot of time too.  My parents warned me about going into nuclear physics;.", "Wow, you're very ambitious! I can't even begin to imagine what the workload must be.", "Yeah, I try to explain it to my parents but they don't understand.  My dad says the only thing you need to know about physics is to not drop an I-beam on your foot.", "Haha in your dad's defense, he's in a very different line of work. They're not too concerned about theory over at the steel mills!", "I suppose not.  He does go nuclear sometimes though! lol  has the mall been busy lately?", "It's been pretty hectic, yes! I'm amazed at how many people try to steal the most random junk from stores. I work in the central security office, so I see stuff on camera all day long."], ["I have been studying hard the last few days and my dog and cat have been very needy. It's hard to get some things done with them around.", "Yeah I bet it is! I don't know how you do it as well as you do. Are your parents starting to understand how busy you are yet?", "Nope, since my parents never attended college they dont tend to understand the amount of time it consumes.", "I'm sorry. But hopefully they'll realize how hard you're working at some point. What's been up with the pets? Do you think they're sensing your stress level and reacting to that?", "I think they are noticing that i am not spending as much time with them anymore and they are just trying to get attention. Have you had this problem with your 2 dogs?", "Definitely. Whenever I take someone else's shift at the mall, they get needy. They jump on me when I get home and then refuse to eat unless I sit there with them. It's definitely kind of frustrating. I mean, it's nice to be liked, but sometimes you just want to be solo.", "I understand that, i could defentily go for some alone time right now. My mom is always on me and my pets never leave me alone. What do you plan on renovating?", "My next project is the kitchen. It's got an '80s vibe to it and it's just not my style.", "What do you plan on doing with your kitchen?", "I'm painting, putting in a new backsplash, and refacing the cabinets.", "Nice, are you going for a modern style?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a netflix subscription.", "I'm old. I don't go out much.", "My mother was a librarian.", "I like pizza. My favorite pizza is cheese and pepperoni.", "I have grandkids. My grandson is very ambitious.", "My grandkids only eat healthy food.", "I don't get out often.  I don't run.", "My grandchildren are ages 4 and 8.", "I like Georgia. I prefer warm weather. My mother used to be a librarian in Florida.  I live near my mother.  I am retired.  I like the weather here."], "partner_persona": ["I run. I recently did a marathon. I plan on doing another marathon in a few months. I feel prepared for my upcoming marathon.  I feel confident about it.", "I like wearing pants.", "I like meat. I believe eating healthy is good. I like cheese and pepperoni pizza.", "I have lived in Alaska.  I ran on an indoor track there.", "I enjoy running. I run in marathons.", "I moved to Georgia to live somewhere warmer. I practice running more in Georgia.", "I don't like weather that is too warm."], "current_conv": ["What is your next running goal after this upcoming marathon? Do you think you will still be running when you are old?", "My running goal is to place in the top 10 and try to win a cash prize, When i'm old I will continue the days of running and throw some chillaxing with pizza", "I love pizza! Plain cheese and pepperoni is cool -- never liked Hawaiian pizza, even in 100 degree heat.", "Same, i don't understand why pineapple goes on pizza? what type of weather do u like?", "I like balmy weather, not scorching and not freezing. May I ask what weather you like to run best?", "I love cold, since i used to be in alaska, I don understand why people like hot weather", "I can see why runners don't like to sweat, though I don't embrace the cold too much -- it's much harder to get out of bed if the air feels like ice all around.", "I love running and reading books, they are my 2 favorite hobbies, not including eating though", "I swear, having to cook the same meals with a palate of kale and arugula for my grandkids makes me reconsider my love for eating too.", "Nice, your grandkids sound a bit picky like me when it comes to food", "Though, I am interested in how you eat when you train for marathons/half marathons. Carb loading isn't doing me too much good here.", "We have to eat healthy such as salads most of the time, usually, I eat pizza on my cheat days though"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I just finished watching netflix. How are you?", "I am doing well. I just completed my first marathon as I love running.", "Congrats. I stay in now. I'm older and I lead a quiet life.", "Thanks. I understand completely. What do you do for a living?", "Tacks. Im a senior now. I have eight grand kids. So time with them..", "That's very nice. Where did you grow up?", "I basically grew up in a library. My mom was a librarian. How about you?", "That is awesome I grew up in alaska with my parents.", "That's cool. Very cold I bet. Lots of mountains.", "Yes, wearing pants is my favorite. What foods do you enjoy eating?", "That's cool. Pizza you?", "I enjoy any type of meat.", "Yeah got to love hamburger and pork.", "Of course? Do you enjoy fishing?"], ["How are you feeling after that marathon?", "My legs are extremely sore, but it felt so good to cross that finish line.", "That's an amazing achievement, despite the soreness! Do you plan on doing another one anytime soon?", "I am definitely going to rest up from this one as I finished it recently, then I'll start training for another one that I'll do a few months down the road.", "What would you suggest a novice runner do if he/she wants to prepare for a marathon? A few of my grandkids are at that age where it's a possibility.", "The bigges thing is when you start training do a little more each week. You will not get to the whole 26.2 miles on your first run, so start small and work your way up", "I'll let them know! One of them is way too ambitious for his own good. His eyes are bigger than his stomach, and not only when he's eating!", "Haha that is too funny. Are you always ordering them pizza when they are over?", "I used to, but none of their mothers approve of it! They're a health-conscious bunch!", "I feel that, definitely a good thing to be health-conscious, but I got to ask. What is your favorite pizza topping?", "I'm pretty simple. I just like plain old cheese and pepperoni! It's hard to mess that up!", "Yes! I totally agree with you there. That is the perfect combination."], ["Did you run a lot when you lived in Alaska?", "Yes but it was on an indoor track. Too cold outside most days.", "I would run if I was a little younger! But now I'm old and I don't get out very much, other than to play with the grandkids from time to time. Have you been practicing for your upcoming marathon?", "Running is a good way to stay feeling young. How old are your grandkids? Running around with them is like running a marathon I imagine.", "My grandchildren and 4 and 8 years old, and yes, I believe they keep me healthy enough! Where did you end up moving to after you left Alaska?", "I moved to GA wanted to get to a warmer climate.", "Oh, nice. Georgia is a lovely place. I imagine you get lots of time to practice now that you are somewhere with warm weather most of the year!", "It is not as pretty as Alaska, but I do get a lot more practice outside. Are you a warm weather person?", "I prefer it warm so I don't have to spend too much on heating costs! My mother was a librarian in Florida, so I moved down here when I retired to be nearer to her. The weather here is beautiful year round.", "FL is way to warm for me! Great place to retire and being close to your mom is a bonus.", "I agree. I'm curious, but how long is the marathon you are running in the coming months? Do you feel that you are prepared?", "26 miles is the norm for a marathon. I am prepared and confident I will place in the 25."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I paint.", "I enjoy walking at night.", "I'm in school.", "I have dogs and rodents as pets. I prefer my dog over my rodents. I own a male German Shepard and a female Goldendoodle. My German Shepard's name is Peanut and my Goldendoodle's name is butter.", "I cut coupons.", "I began painting at 13. I am 23. I have painted for a decade.", "My dog sheds a lot. I clean my house every day.", "I would like to skydive one day."], "partner_persona": ["I live in arizona.", "I like to skydive. I have skydived before.", "I work for the government.", "I own a lizard named Franklin.", "I would like a German Shepard as a pet one day.", "I like lizards. I would like someone to paint a picture of my lizard."], "current_conv": ["I finished up painting Franklin today!", "Whoa that was fast! I can't wait to see it!", "Yes, I tend to go quickly when I'm excited about a painting.  If you don't like it I can do it again.  I don't mind and want to have a fair trade if you're going to teach me to skydive.  I'll send you a picture of the painting and you can tell me what you think.", "I'm sure I am going to love it! Your work is stunning even on bad day!", "Thank you!  You're too flattering.  I do love to paint though, so if you want me to paint anything else for me I'd be willing to do that.  I've given people personal portraits as gifts and they seemed to like them.  Or a painting of a couple can make a good wedding gift.", "I'll definitely commission more paintings from you. Do you keep a portfolio of all the work that you do?", "I started taking pictures of my paintings when I was 18.  I didn't think about it before that and gave a lot away, or they got lost, and then I regretted not having a record of them.  So yes, now I have records of all my paintings.  It's interesting to be able to see the progress and changes that take place over years that are hard to see from one painting to the next when you're doing it regularly.", "Wow, I didn't realize you had been painting for so long. What got you started?", "My mother really liked art so I was exposed to a lot of it at an early age.  But mostly it's just something that came naturally to me.  I loved art class in grade school; it was always my favorite subject, regardless of what we were making.", "That's so wonderful that you were in an environment that helped you grow your natural talents. Would you mind if I looked through your portfolio when I pick Franklin's painting? I would love to see how you've progressed over time.", "Sure, I'd be happy to show you.  You might also see a style of painting you prefer and I can redo the painting of Franklin using that style.", "Haha, I am not going to ask you to redo the painting. If anything, I'll just ask for another one!"], "history_conv": [["Im in to water painting how about you.", "Cool there's a lot of things you could paint in arizona.", "Oh wow that sounds like a really nice place to live.", "I'm a thrill-seeker I go skydiving.", "I night walking around whe n the sun goes down.", "There are great views of the sunset here.", "I can imagine iwas going to go to school out there.", "Cool, I love the wildlife but I also own a lizard.", "I own a couple canines and rodents.", "My lizard and take walks at sunset.", "Lmao,thats awsome I use alotta coupons too feed my pets.", "I'm working for the local government out here."], ["Have you fed your lizard yet?", "Nah, he doesn't eat very often. How about your pets?", "Yep. I feed them daily.", "Do you like your dog or rodents better, if you had to choose?", "That's a difficult choice to make. I guess I'd have to go for the dog, since they're probably more sentient than rodents are.", "What kind of dog is he or she?", "I've got a male German Shepard and a female Goldendoodle.", "Oh man I'm obsessed with German Shepards. What are their names?", "The German Shepard is named Peanut. The Goldendoodle is named Butter.", "Oh man that's perfect. My lizards name is Franklin.", "Oh, I like that! It's cool to see pets with human names!", "Do you plan do get any more animals?"], ["I'll have to show you this painting I made of my two dogs.", "How long have you been painting for?", "I've been painting for ten years actually. I started when I was 13.", "Cool, I really like dogs too. German shepherds are really loyal dogs.", "Do you own any German Shepards?", "I do not, but I would love to some day. Do you have any regrets in having one?", "My only regret is the shedding. I have to clean every single day to keep the house from being covered. Any downsides to owning a lizard?", "No, not really. You do have to clean the tank every once and a while, and they aren't exactly cuddly, but I have always thought that they were cool animals.", "They seem cool. If you wanted me to, I could easily paint a portrait of it.", "I would love that, I will have to send you a pic of him so you have something to work with.", "I promise to do the portrait if you promise to teach me how to skydive in the future.", "Sure, we can arrange that. I highly recommend you watch some instructional videos on the internet, you would think that jumping out of a plane is simple, but there is a lot to learn!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a houseboat.", "I work as a bartender. I love being around people.  I am happy working at the bar.", "I have brothers and sisters. I grew up in a big family.", "I have a masters' degree in Psychology. ", "I have a mother that was a counselor.", "I like karaoke nights. I usually embarrass myself while doing Karaoke."], "partner_persona": ["I like going to bars.", "I own a company. I have a business that is going well.  I work in construction.", "I like karaoke and going to bars.", "I have 2 daughters, ages 16 and 14, their names are Angelica and Jennifer.", "I like to sing dramatic songs.", "I have been listening to Celine Deon.", "My daughter just got her driving permit.", "I make great nachos."], "current_conv": ["So what do your construction friends think about your karaoke singing?", "they think it's silly but they support me! do your friends like kareoke too?", "They do! We get together often for random karaoke nights, or they will show up while I'm working at the bar and start one. I love watching them enjoy themselves! Do your daughters sing with you?", "that's so great! yeah, my daughters love to sing. it's actually them who got me into kareoke because they started singing on tiktok all the time!", "I still don't have that app lol. I prefer being around people, instead of relying on social media for contact. How is your daughters driving going? ", "I like being around people better than apps, too, but kids these days love digital stuff. she's doing pretty good driving; I think she's ready to try the highway! ", "That is a huge step! I remember my first trip driving on the expressway lol. I think my dad just about had a heart attack, I was going so slow lol. You probably travel the highway quite a bit, doing construction work. Have you been any place fun for work?", "i'm sure I will lose time off my life every time I try to teach her lol :) yeah, I do get to see some cool places! especially when we build in new areas that aren't all urbanized yet. it feels like being in the woods to break ground in a remote area.", "That has to be amazing! I miss seeing new places. Being a bartender, I am always working in the same place. It's a good thing the people are always different lol. What is your favorite reason for going to the bar?", "you must meet so many cool people, though. bars attract all types. I like going to quieter bars, mostly, to just sit and talk wiht friends. what do you like about your job? do you meet cool people?", "I like being able to listen, to possibly make a difference when someone needs support. I also love watching other people have fun and enjoy their lives, its a small piece of hope. It isnt just all about work, and bills, and daily life, ya know?", "absolutely! connecting with other people is really what we are all here on earth to do."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I just got home to my houseboat.", "Hello how are you?", "I am doing good, just got home from bartending.", "That must be a interesting job.", "Very interesting, but not what I went to school for.", "I enjoy going to the bars after work, so I like bartenders!", "Haha, thanks. What do you do for work?", "I own a company here in the local area.", "Cool, I graduated with my masters but I haven't found a real job yet.", "Oh perhaps you find one soon.", "I hope so, what do you do for fun?", "I enjoy karaoke nights at the bar, although my singing is questionable.", "Karaoke nights are my favorite, my sisters and brothers do it all the time.", "Oh yes, sometime my 2 daughters go with me, but no drinking for them!"], ["How old are your daughters and what are their names?", "My daughters are 16 and 14.  Their names are Angelica and Jennifer.  They're the lights of my life!", "Those are such great names. Sounds like you have a great family. I grew up in a bigger family and I sort of miss being around that many people. How is the business going?", "It's going well.  I'm in construction and there's currently lots of demand in my area.  You never told me what your master's degree is in.", "I got a degree in Psychology. Helps me a lot when I'm bar tending. I thought I was going to love it in that field but I think I just really love being around people, so for now I am happy working at the bar and being around all the people who come in like you.", "That's really interesting.  Did you originally think you'd get into counseling or how did you envision using your education?", "Well my mother was a counselor and really enjoyed her job. I never knew for sure where it would take me but I thought maybe I might work for my own practice one day. I still have time to work on it. Are you coming down next week Friday for Karaoke at the bar?", "I think I will.  At the end of the week I think I'll feel the need to let off some steam.  Are you willing to join me on stage for one song?", "I can do that. As long as you pick something I know well enough. Have any songs in mind?", "I was thinking something pretty ambitious, even though I can't sing.  Journey's \"Don't Stop Believin'\" or maybe Meatloaf's \"I Would do Anything for Love.\"  I like to sing pretty dramatic songs.  It embarrasses my girls pretty badly.", "Well I definitely know all the words to those two. I'll give it a go. I'm probably going to be embarrassing myself as well, but that's half the fun of Karaoke night", "Yes, I agree.  Do your sisters and brothers live in the area?  And do they want to join us?"], ["I forgot to mention that we have 2 for 1 drink specials on Friday Night.  I think that Karaoke night will be a night to remember.", "Oh my goodness! It is going to be quite a night! I have been brushing up on my Celine Dion! Do you have some songs picked out?", "Not yet. I thought it would be fun if everyone could choose their own songs, but the music will have a 90s theme.", "As long as we are still on for some Meatloaf, that sounds good to me. Ahhh, the 90s. By the time I reach that free drink I might be ready for Ace of Base or The Spice Girls. My daughters will be mortified.", "Of course, I've actually found a meatloaf recipe that's to die for recently! Your family will have to try it after karaoke night. Are your daughters doing well?", "Hahahaha that is amazing. Eating meatloaf while singing it. My daughters may disown me. They are doing very well. Angelica just got her driving permit, so she will be in charge of getting us home on Friday. Way cheaper than an Uber!", "Yes, this will be a night to remember! I'm sure Angelica will understand once she's older. Can't wait to let free a little if that drive offer still stands!", "Hahaha I hope she doesn't, but alas, our family does like to have a good time! Thank you for inviting us out.", "LOL! No worries my friend, I'll see you soon!", "Sounds great! Should I bring anything to go with the meatloaf and drinks or is there bar food to be had?", "We'll have some snacks, but if you have anything to bring that would be super helpful! Nothing like singing and eating without counting calories haha. Maybe some chips and dip?", "Oh goodness. Calorie counting is be banned! I make some bangin' nachos. Pair great with beer!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a job working from home. My job is painting. I paint pictures. I painted my favorite overlook at sunset. I don't normally paint sunsets.", "I like to hike deep in the woods. I like solitude.", "I like being away from people.", "My paintings have been shown in small galleries.", "I recently painted scenes of a local garden."], "partner_persona": ["I have a job. I run a warehouse.", "I love the sunset.", "My happiest place to be is on the sea. I like being away from people.", "I have never visited an art gallery.", "I like to sail. I like to ride bikes. There is a park I like to bike ride at."], "current_conv": ["Do you think you'll be able to bike at the park this weekend?", "I think I can, if the warehouse has its danged orders filled efficiently enough.", "That's wonderful, I saw that the weather is supposed to be high 70s with low humidity, so it's great weather to be outdoors.", "Oh yes! That's also great cycling weather, not like the time it rained four hours straight right as I got to the park.", "I'm thinking of going on a hike and sketching the scene from the lookout point. It caught my eye a few weekends ago and I've been meaning to go again.", "So nice that you can sketch views! When I admire the sunset I regret the beauty is betrayed by my cheap camera and shaky hands.", "I bet the waves of the lake don't help you keep steady either! When was the last time you went sailing?", "I think last week, across the lake and back, as a neat little stress reliever.", "I'd love to come out sometime, maybe even bring my paints. I bet I can find some great views there!", "I think a grand view of the town from about a hundred or two hundred yards offshore would be a great painting.", "That could be a great addition to the gallery, if I get it done in time. I bet local people would really enjoy it.", "Have you thought about farm or wilderness paintings, if you previously had one about a garden?"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hello!", "How are you enjoying today?", "It's alright I suppose. I'm at work. How about you?", "What do you do? I'm also at work but I'm lucky to work from home.", "I run a warehouse for a small business. It's a pretty slow day.", "That sounds like it has interesting days.", "Occasionally. Do you find your work interesting?", "I do! I paint so I don't have a boss to report to.", "Is there any way you can show me some of your work?", "I can't unfortunately. What kind of hobbies do you have?", "I like cycling quite a bit. And in the summer I do a lot of sailing.", "So you're an outdoorsy person! That's fun.", "Do you do anything outdoors?"], ["I painted a new picture.", "What was your painting of?", "I went to my favorite overlook and painted it at sunset. Was pretty nice.", "Wow, that sounds amazing. Do you paint the sunset often?", "No not really, just at this spot the view is amazing. Sunset makes it almost magical.", "I agree. The best sunset I have ever had was when I was sailing out on the sea.", "Oh ive heard some crazy things on the sea with sunsets and sunrises", "It is probably my happiest place to be. Where is yours?", "Deep in the woods hiking, i think we both like solitude heh.", "Sometimes there is nothing better than being away from other people.", "I couldnt agree more really. Hows the warehouse going?", "Well its a warehouse, it doesn't really get exciting. It gets run, thats all."], ["I am going to have a showing of some of my paintings at a local gallery.", "That's great! Have you done this before?", "I've shown my paintings before, but not at a gallery of this size. I'm excited!", "I hope a lot of people will appreciate them. What kind of paintings will you be displaying there?", "Thank you! I'm planning to display a series of paintings from a local garden. I think they'll be fun for the local crowd.", "It must have been very peaceful to paint scenes like that.", "Yes, very! Have you been to any art galleries or museums recently?", "Not recently. I actually haven't been to an art gallery before, but your exhibition sounds pretty nice. Maybe I'll go to that one.", "Thanks! There's actually a lot more local galleries than most people know about. It's nice to support small-scale artists. Do you have plans to sail this weekend?", "I probably won't be sailing for a few weeks at least. We're supposed to be getting some rough weather. But I think I'll try to get a few bike rides in.", "Oh yikes. Great you can bike though! Where do you like to bike?", "I usually bike close to home, but whenever I have some extra time I'll head over to the park and hit up the bike trail there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from Seattle, Washington.", "I am a freelance writer. I write web content articles.", "I sleep a lot.", "I like sports.", "I like to fish. I catch a lot of fish. I put fish on my salad. Fishing is calming. It reminds me of my grandfather.", "Long runs bore me.", "I love my job.", "I'm not very physically active. I think sleep is important.", "I like learning about people."], "partner_persona": ["I am from Florida.", "I am a tax attorney. I don't think it's exciting, but it's a challenge.", "I like to run cross country. I'm training for a marathon. I have a run scheduled this summer. I watch my diet before a run.", "I like to be active. I like to eat high protein food to build lean muscles.", "I eat fish. I like to blacken fish in a skillet. I get bored fishing. I have a brother that fishes all day. My brother is a gym rat.", "I have a boring job. Running is fun for me.", "I like to collaborate with people.", "I live in Florida. I don't fish often. I can cook."], "current_conv": ["I got invited to write an article about sport fishing.", "Really? I think that will provide a new challenge to you as you continue doing what you love", "I cant wait to start writing, fishing is my best passion", "On the other hand I enjoy running more. I didn't enjoy fishing as much but my brother is a fishing maniac.", "I'm not that much of a fan of running, but i certainly know it can be fun for some people. ", "Very much mate, I am participating in a marathon scheduled for this summer and it's keeping me on my toes especially with training and diet.", "Nice, what diets to marathon runners use, for it must be hard to stay in shape", "It's not that hard I keep a high protein diet, I actually eat a lot of fish.", "Nice, do you eat your brother's fish", "Sometimes when he comes from fishing trips he shares his catch with me but I also buy my own fish", "nice, what's your favortite fish?", "I enjoy salmon fingers more with a dip of karawi sauce"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I'm from seattle wa.", "Hi I'm from fl.", "Nice, what do you do there?", "I am a tax attorney, not the most exciting job. But I enjoy the challenge.", "That is interesting, I am a freelance writer.", "Cool what do you usually write?", "I don't have a specific genre mostly web content articles.", "Ok. During my free time I run. Cross country mostly, but training for a marathon now.", "I like to sleepin a lot haha.", "Lol because of the tedious nature of work I like to be active otherwise.", "I understand that, but I like sports too.", "Great. I also enjoy eating high protein food to build lean muscles, like fish.", "That's cool to hear because I like to fish.", "Great what the largest one that got away. Lol."], ["I'm going fishing- do you want one?", "Sure! If you have enough to spare. They are a good source of protein.", "Absolutely - I would love to share. I usually catch more than I can consume. Any ideas how you might cook it?", "I usually like to filet it and cook it in the skillet with some blackening seasoning. What about you?", "I do something very similar and use it over my salad - it takes like New Orleans to me. Any awesome runs lately?", "Oh I haven't even thought about making it for a salad. I need to try that! Lately, no but I have one scheduled later this summer.", "That's great. I would love to do long runs but I simply get bored after about a mile.", "That's understandable. But hey fishing is a great outdoor activity!", "True - one would also argue that's its boring, but I find it calming and relaxing. Reminds me of summer with my grandfather.", "I can fish for about an hour and then my attention span is lost, but my brother could literally fish all day. It calms him like you mentioned also!", "Does your brother run? Or is that something you just find enjoyable?", "Eh, he does some, but he's more of a gym rat haha"], ["Have you started any training for the run coming up?", "Yes, it feels great to be as active as I am now again. So far, I feel my training is coming along nicely.", "I wish I could run more, but running for the long distances is always such a bore to me. What do you do to keep it exciting for you?", "It may be that my job as a tax attorney makes almost anything else super exciting. After working on taxes, almost anything would be exciting.", "That is true. I love my job as a writer, but I too feel that it has times where it is cumbersome with boredom. Have you changed anything regarding your diet regarding the upcoming marathon?", "I have added more carbohydrates on the days before I run. Also, I'm thinking of scheduling some massages after some of my runs. That would be so relaxing. Plus it would ensure my muscles don't get too stressed.", "Well, if it helps, I have been fishing a lot lately, and I could give you some fish to help you with your lean proteins! I have more than I can eat myself.", "Oh, definitely. Fresh fish is great. Protein is important when I'm training to run. Running can make a lot of muscle vanish, so protein is needed to restore it.", "Don't forget to get good rest, as well. Even though my life doesn't consist of a lot of physical activity, maintaining healthy sleep patterns are vital to my success both at home and with work.", "Yes, sleep, diet, and fitness all have almost equal importance when it comes to physical fitness. Maybe you would be interested in writing an article about cross country running, based on interviews with me? You could throw some details about fish into the article. How it helped me restore muscle during training, for example.", "That is quite an interesting idea! I have been wanting to learn more about you do, and this could be a wonderful opportunity for us to meet up and spend some time together as well. Do you do any fishing in Florida? I would love to go.", "I have before, but not often. If we were to do an interview while we fish though, that would make fishing more interesting for me. Then we could finish the interview over the meal we make with the fish."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I go fishing. My fishing trips occur frequently.  I keep the fish I catch and eat them.", "I work at a doctor's office.  I work many hours. I am a doctor's assistant.", "I am not married. I move around a lot for my job.  I live alone in a condo.", "I dont workout at the gym because i am so active fishing. I dont really like cardio. I am active in daily life at my house and office.", "I am not vegan."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a vegan.", "I am not employed. My husband is a lawyer. I enjoy the fact that I do not work.", "I work out at the gym a lot. I do weight training, squats and deadlifts. I dont really enjoy cardio.", "I've never been fishing. I enjoy fishing. I do not know how to fish.", "I am a body-builder and go to the gym."], "current_conv": ["I just bought some new fishing gear, so you don't need to worry about bringing anything.", "Awesome, thats good. I wonder how itll be fishing since I am a vegan. I guess although I'm a vegan, I do appreciate that you catch and eat the fish you catch. I mostly care about veganism for climate change reasons.", "Fishing in the wild does not increase climate change much. Not like cows and industrial agriculture. It's way more environmentally friendly and I end up feeding more fish than I catch anyways!", "Yeah, that's why I'm glad you do that! Some people are so strict about veganism but honestly I Think its more about a mindset. I can tell we both love and appreciate our planet and thats all that matters to me! Do you have any tips for my first fishing trip?", "Don't buy your bait from any big corporations! Get your worms yourself! It's easy! You just dig into the ground and throw them in a container. That's the foundation of real fishing. Your ultimately still using the earth!", "I'm all for that, but bait grosses me out so much! Is that a deal breaker with fishing... I just can't wrap my mind around handling worms! They're so squishy and slimy.", "Don't think of them as dirty worms, just think of them as an eclectic assortment of amino acids which purify the soil they live in.", "Wow that's genuinely such a good way of looking at it. I've never heard anyone say that before and honestly I think its kind of life changing. I'm so glad you told me that..you might even get me to try some fish out next time you cook it.", "It's the argument I used when I was vegan. The amino acids in the plants are the same building blocks that are in animals. Fish are good substitutes if you don't have your own garden in bloom.", "I trust you even more with this since you're a doctor's assistant. I'm certain that you know what you're talking about! What tasks do you typically do at your job?", "It depends on the season. Usually I'm just asking routine questions and taking blood pressure measurements and weight measurements etc... But during the winter I do more swabs and testing because so many people are more sick in the winter.", "Ah, I see. Do you enjoy your job? I know you must have had to study for many years to work with doctors."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I just got back from fishing.", "Cool, do you go fishing often? I've never been.", "Yes, I go all the time and I have to eat a lot of fish.", "Why do you eat fish so often? I'm a vegan.", "I eat the fish I catch, I don't think you will like fishing.", "Haha probably not. I do like going to the gym though. Do you?", "No, I don't have time I work at doctors office.", "Cool, you like it? I don't work, my husband's a lawyer though.", "Yes, I am a doctor's assistant. Long hours. That is cool! No work.", "Yeah, not working is awesome haha. Are you married?", "No, I move around a lot with my job. I live in a condo by myself.", "Oh. Why do you have to move around a lot if you work in a doctor's office?"], ["You'd never believe it if you saw the fish I caught on my most recent fishing trip.  It was a six-foot alligator gar!", "No way, those are really rare now. How did you manage to land it? Or did it get away?", "It took some help from my buddies, and we set it free after taking pictures and measurements, but it was amazing to see, and it was hard work. Sometimes fishing is like my gym. How has the gym been for you lately?", "Good job you had some buddies there with you. Yes I go most days to the gym, it my escape from everything else in the world.", "What is your favorite thing to do at the gym? I don't ever go because I get my workouts in just by running around fishing.", "I enjoy lifting as heavy as I can. Things like squats and deadlifts really get me focused.", "I see, so mostly weight training. Do you enjoy cardio? I wouldn't say I enjoy it, but I tend to get a lot of it in accidentally most of the time", "I have to be in the mood to do cardio. Otherwise I find it a chore. How do you accidently get cardio in?", "Things like reeling in a 6-foot fish or running up and down the stairs in my office and condo all day. I don't think I could get cardio in if I actually had to think about it.", "Yes, cardio is best done doing everyday activities. You do not need a gym fo it.", "Yes, I'll save my membership money. I can't believe you've never been fishing. It's so relaxing and exciting at the same time.", "You should take me some time so I can give it a go. Maybe not start with a 6 ft fish though?"], ["I've been thinking that we should plan a fishing trip together. What are you doing next Saturday?", "Im free, I would love to go fishing. Although you will have to teach me how to fish.", "That's no problem! I know you've never been. Aren't you vegan, though? Don't you have some kind of a moral conflict with that?", "I don't judge others who aren't vegan and you really enjoy fishing so I'd love to spend time doing something you like. Just know I won't be eating the fish, that's all you!", "Hey, I've got no problem with that. More for me, I suppose. Ya know, fish does have a lot of great lean protein in it, which is great for body-building.", "I have heard that. I typically rely on supplements to help me gain muscle. That and all the training I do at the gym!", "How about your husband? Does he have any interest in fishing? Maybe he could come along with us, too! I imagine he must be pretty busy with work all the time, though.", "He is very busy and seeing how hard he works is a big reason I don't want to. How about you, are you still working long hours at the doctor's office?", "No, not so much. Things have slowed down a little bit, and the doctor hired another assistant as well, so I'm not stretched as thin. It's made things a lot easier. Have you had any luck finding work yet?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like fishing.", "I'm a truck driver and I get to travel alot.", "I have a wife and two kids.", "I am taking a family trip. I am tired of work. I am in a truck all day.", "I think lot lizards are real and disgusting.", "I went to San Antonio. I have a son. I have young kids.", "I have a home.", "My father took me fishing when i was young.", "I make decisions with my wife."], "partner_persona": ["I am starting a new job. I'm going to work in computer programming.", "I have no wife or kids. I like to go on cruises during my vacations.", "I live in San Francisco, I just moved here and am trying to make more friends. I lived in Kansas City.", "I buy plant fertilizer.", "I've never been to Disney before.", "I have been on cruises. I'm a single guy."], "current_conv": ["Do you like San Francisco over Kansas City?", "You know, it's definitely more lively. Things are open longer out here than they are back in Missouri! I do miss the local breakfast joint, it was my favorite stop on the weekends.", "Yeah, I hear you there. Once you find a great spot for food, it's hard to leave it behind. Have any of your new friends been able to hook you up with some new places to try out?", "They recommended a couple of pizza places around town, and a really cool Vietnamese fusion restaurant. It feels a bit awkward to go to a restaurant all by myself, though. ", "Have you tried one of those websites where you sign up to meet people? Not for dates, but just for activities, like going to museums or whatever?", "I haven't, no! You'd think I'd be more knowledgeable about things like that as a programmer, but I didn't even know such a thing existed. How do they work?", "You just go online, fill out a form talking about what kinds of activities you want to do, and then submit it. It's like a not-dating connection service.", "I'll definitely have to check it out. I miss the days of college when they had an activity fair, where you could just see all the offerings of a place. As an adult it's harder to find communities with your interests.", "So true. I guess I'm lucky since I met my wife when we were so young and neither one of us is all that social.", "I do meet lots of interesting people on the cruises, though. There's always some kind of event going on, it's easy to connect with people. Maybe one day I'll bump into someone I'll marry.", "Makes sense, and hey, it could happen! You definitely don't do a lot of mingling when you're out on the road like I am, ha.", "Where'd your truck take you on your last trip? I bet you get to see a lot of great places around the country."], "history_conv": [["Hey there. Just got home from fishing, what are you up to?", "Cool, nothing much just finishing up some work. I just got a new job.", "Oh yea? What's the new job?", "I work with computer programming, what do you do?", "Im a truck driver, not very glamorous I know. But I do get to travel a lot!", "Cool, do you get any time off?", "No, but I usually spend free time with the wife and 2 kids. How about you? Married?", "No married, so no kids. I love going cruises for vacation time.", "Cruises are fun! Computer programming though, so do you live in the san fran area?", "Yes, with all the other computer programers!", "Haha that's cool, I grew up there. Pretty different back then though.", "Cool, I am trying to meet new people since I just moved here.", "Where were you before san fran?", "I lived in kansas city my whole life, so it's a big change."], ["I might go to San Francisco for my next trip", "Are you coming for work or are you bringing the wife and kids?", "Family trip, ive had enough work.", "I hear that. Although at least you aren't stuck in an office all day. Sometimes I'd kill to be outside.", "Well, being in a truck is like a tiny moving office heh. At least the scenary changes though.", "Have you ever heard of the term \"lot lizards\"? I hear that's a truck stop thing.", "Oh its a thing, and its disgusting...", "Yikes, I was hoping it was just a thing from movies and not real life.", "No, meth really does take its toll, especially in the smaller towns.", "I wouldn't even know what meth looked like if it was right in front of me. I was a big fan of Breaking Bad though.", "Haha, i dont think these people are getting walter whites quality product.", "The only thing that I remember about the meth in the show was that it was blue and I thought it looked like the Miracle Grow plant fertilizer that I buy."], ["I just got back from a haul for work. No lot lizards were seen.", "Where did you go? It wouldn't be surprising that you didn't see alot of lizards if you were in Maine or one of those other lizardless states.", "I went on down to San Antonio. It was a fairly short haul, but it was pleasant enough I reckon, especially since I didn't have any lot lizards crawling on up to me. Son, do you know what a lot lizard is? It's not one of those scaly fella's.", "After my last message I realized you were maybe not talking about iguanas, so I looked it up. Now I now what they are. They are pretty scary. So where are you going with your familly?", "We're trying to decide between a trip closer to home or one in Florida. The kids would probably like to head on over to Disney World, but I'd like to take them fishing. We'll have to see what the missus is thinking in the next couple of days.", "Even kids who like fishing would probably prefer Disney. I've never been to Disney before. Would it be your first time, or your kids first time if you went there?", "They're still pretty young, so this would be their first time. The missus was wanting to take them when they were babies, but I told her there's no way they'd remember anything if we took them when they were that young! So now she really wants to take them pretty soon. It's just a big commitment to bring the whole family there for a few days. But we're gonna end up going sooner or later.", "If they are that young then they also seem too young for fishing. I have been on cruises, and some even in Florida, but because I'm single Disney seemed like a waste for a single guy.", "Well I'd be doing most of the heavy lifting. They'd just be letting me know if they got a nibble and then I'd take it from there. It's good to get kids familiar with it at a young age, but the main thing would be spending time with their pops. That was what I always loved the most when mine took me fishing.", "Well if you want to come to Scan Francisco let me know. I am still trying to get to all the tourist destinations, but we could hit up some of the more child friendly ones, like parks and boat rides. And since we have so much water there must be some type of fishing.", "That might be a good idea too. I'll have to run it by the missus, but I'll let you know what she says.", "I gotta go, let me know if you are seriously thinking of visiting my neck of the woods, I'll start researching family friendly tourist spots."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the Grateful Dead and have seen them live in concert.", "I have brothers.", "My dad was once a farmer.", "I do not like to play the violin. I can use a keyboard, a mixer, and dj discs. I used to irritate my violin instructor on purpose. Playing violin frustrated me. I played violin when I was 15. I hated it.", "I was homeschooled from 2nd grade to graduation.", "I love music. I'm not good at playing instruments.", "I do breathing exercises."], "partner_persona": ["I am a student. I'm in my school marching band. I am in band class.", "My parents are both teachers. I am in my parent's English class. They support me being in the school band. My parents are easy going. My classmates know that my teachers are my parents.", "I am 16. I play the violin. I have been playing for 5 years. My instrument knowledge is mostly with violins.", "I can't relate to other people sometimes.", "I get distracted when reading."], "current_conv": ["Are you learning any other instruments?", "Yes am trying to learn to play the guitar but at times", "Any trouble? I can say as a reluctant violinist it doesn't get any better.", "I have a major with tuning the guitar at times. I'd like to be able to play like the Grateful Dead one day", "I would like to be able to dj for a major disco one day too! But all those etudes and fingering exercises kill me, though. You wanna borrow some Grateful Dead cds I have?", "I wouldn't mind borrowing some of your cds. Am sure with enough practice you'll get used to the etudes and fingering routines. I still can't imagine am taught by both my parents", "Well my dad seemed to spend 16 hours a day on his farm and all his little tasks, so it would be interesting switching parents for a day.", "Sure would, they wouldn't allow me to go to a concert even if I wanted to", "Nice one there! As a musical klutz myself, how do you find more time to practice?", "I use my extra time after school and during weekends when I have no school. ", "Now if only I can stop zoning out to Grateful Dead in lazy weekend mornings! Your parents are teachers -- do they have a teacherlike attitude once you're home?", "Grateful Dead music is adictive for sure. My parents do not have a teacher like attitude at home, we prefer to act normal at home '"], "history_conv": [["Hey! Just go back from a 1000 mile road trip to watch the grateful dead! What are you up to?", "Hi! Just at home studying since I have a math test on friday.", "That's no fun. Where you go to school?", "At morgan high! I'm in the marching band there during the fall.", "Cool, my 2 older brothers were both in marching band too. You like it?", "I love it since both mom and dad are teachers.", "Haha my dad used to be a farmer. Do you have your parents as teachers in school?", "Yes they teach english. They want me to be in concert during the season.", "Do you wan to be in concert too?", "I do because lots of girls are in the band and its fun hanging out.", "What instrument do you play for concert?", "The violin. Most 16 year olds play violin in concert."], ["How long have you been playing the violin?", "I've been playing for a good five years. Do you play any instruments?", "I had to learn how to play the recorder for like 6th grade music. I also took a few violin lessons as a kid, though I hated it. I can do a few small things with a keyboard and know how to use a mixer and dj discs. That is about it.", "Hey, that's quite a lot! I can't do most of those things--I play the violin... and that's it.", "I mean, that is really good. They are not the easiest thing to play. I always over oiled my bow and when I got frustrated I tended to make the loud screeching sound on purpose to irritate my instructor. She quit on us haha.", "Haha, yeah the large screeching sound is not kind to one's ears, that's for sure.", "It made me feel better when I didn't feel like I knew what I was doing. Probably a childish thing to do, but I was only like 15 at the time. And I hated it. I couldn't hold my hand right and it hurt my neck. How is school going for ya?", "School's going alright. It's a little weird being in my parent's classes, but then again, I guess it's a bit like homeschool. So it's not that bad.", "I don't know that homeschool is the same as public. Homeschool only has one or two kids in the same grade and they don't do lessons the same way. I was homeschooled from second grade to graduation. But I can see how it would be uncomfortable or whatever. Like you can't just relax and be your regular away from home self. Gotta act how you do around your parents while with friends but not at home. Must be harsh.", "Yeah, there's definitely a bit of that, for sure. I'd say my parents are pretty chill though, so it's not unbearable.", "That is a good thing. Mine were too, but my mom would not have been cool in a room full of toddlers or teenagers. She was kinda agro when  there were too many kids running around. Which is probably where my impatience came from haha. Do they ever show you favoritism or make it harder on you so nobody thinks they are playing favorites? Do your classmates know they are your parents?", "I think they try their best to treat us all equally, which I'm glad about, but my classmates are aware that they're my parents. That's the kind of thing that gets let out in the first week of the school year."], ["How are things going in school? You still jamming out with the violin?", "School is good but stressful! I'm reaching my finals week & just can't wait for summer. I have my end of the school year band recital too, I've been practicing a lot. I love it so much, why'd you stop playing?", "I guess it just wasn't for me. I love music, but I guess some people have the gift to play a musical instrument, and some don't. I'd love to see you play in your marching band one time.", "I totally understand. I'll keep you updated on our next event!", "Your parents go to your events? Or maybe you already get enough of them at school? It must be somewhat convenient for them to work where there kid goes.", "It's convenient but also can be embarrassing sometimes. A lot of my peers think I have an advantage in their class, which if anything they make it harder. It's almost like being homeschooled. Did you like homeschooling or wish you would have been at a school?", "It's hard to imagine what the alternative would have been like. I don't feel like I missed out on anything. It must have left me with a perspective of school that is radically different than the perspectives of those that went to public school.", "Absolutely. I can't imagine being homeschooled after being here in school for so long & I'm sure you can't imagine the opposite either.", "True. Are there any assignments in particular that you are having trouble with? Or is everything going smoothly?", "I just have trouble staying focused while reading and my parents are always assigning long reading assignments. Any tips to keep focused?", "Maybe before class, practice some breathing exercises. Also, remove distractions when doing reading. It's understandable that when close to graduation, you are probably more excited than usual.", "Thanks for the tips! I'm definitely really excited for summer vacation. Are you going to see anyone in concert?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a car.", "I am going to an art museum.", "I am not very good at tennis. I like playing badminton.", "I have a cousin that lives in Sweden. I have never been to Sweden.", "I am an atheist.", "I am a scientist. I am not very good at tennis.", "I am thinking of visiting my cousin. I will need to start saving money to visit my cousin.", "My job has some flexibility but I would like more.", "My scientist job is rewarding but can be difficult work sometimes. Because of my job, I need time to decompress and be active."], "partner_persona": ["I am tired. I have two kids and they are twins. I am married.", "I play tennis. I attend church on Sundays. I have never played badminton.", "I am from Sweden so I am Swedish. I have lived in the United States for 12 years. I graduated from university in Sweden. I moved to the USA for a job.", "I work in a hospital. I like playing tennis. I have flexible hours so I can spend more time with my family.", "I need a vacation.", "I miss Sweden a lot. My parents live there. I have not visited Sweden in a long time because it is expensive."], "current_conv": ["Because my job is flexible, I have been thinking of taking a second part time job to help save money to travel to Sweden. ", "That's awesome! Its so important to take time off and vacation. I can tell you all the cool spots to check out in Sweden. Maybe we could go together since I miss Sweden so much.. I had so many great memories there.", "Yeah that would be great. What would you recommend first that we do when we get there?", "For a newcomer, I'd recommend checking out the volcanos. Its a bit of a unique outing, but I think they are really beautiful. Do you have any favorite things to do when traveling>?", "Yes, I always like to check out local music and local coffee shops for random conversations. Would you want to do that?", "Same! I'm so glad you said that. Coffee shops are literally my favorite thing in the whole world, and Sweden has some awesome ones. I think growing up there is what sparked my interest in good coffee as well as good chocolates", "Wow. That must have been so cool growing up there. Do you prefer Swedish music or American music?", "Honestly both! I love swedish dance music, but I also love american hip hop. Its so hard to choose. Do you have any music recs?", "For American hip hop? Wu-Tang, Dr. Dre, Eminem, Juvenile, Grand Master Flash etc. I am a fan of decades of hip-hop, just not anything since 2010ish.", "Oh wow, yes I've definitely heard of some of those. I love Dr. Dre! Whats wrong with more recent music? Thats definitely what I'm more acquainted with", "I couldn't tell you, I stopped listening to new hip hop around then. I got more focused into jamband music and classic reggae. Have you heard much classic reggae?", "No I have never even heard of that genre! What's it like? How would you describe the vibe/"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hello.", "How is your day going so far?", "I've been chasing my two twins around all day, so I'm ready for bedtime. How about you?", "I have been driving around a lot today.", "Do you have any plans for the weekend?", "I think I am going to an art museum.", "That sounds fun! I'm going to try and play tennis and go to church on sunday.", "Tennis is fun. I'm not that good at it though. I like to play badminton.", "I've never played that. I'm originally from sweden and we play a lot of tennis there.", "It's actually really run and fast paced. I have a cousin that just moved to sweden..", "I'm sure he'll love it there. I moved to the us around 12 years ago.", "She does love it. She says it is very different from here. She loves the coffee breaks.", "Do you have any children?"], ["What type of church do you attend?", "I attend a Methodist church, it's a small but I like and they have a great Sunday School for my kids.", "That sounds very quaint. I'm personally an atheist. Were you raised into religion?", "I wasn't raised with religion, Sweden is primarlyy a non-religious country, but when I moved to the United States my husband attended church every Sunday and I started going with him.", "Why did you decide to move to the United States?", "I had a great job opportunity here after I graduated from university. Also, Sweden is very cold! Have you ever been to Sweden?", "My cousin lives there but I've never been lucky enough to visit him. What job opportunity did you move for?", "I work in medicine and was offered a great fellowship with a hospital here. My job gives me great flexibility so I can still make time for my kids and my hobbies including tennis.", "Wow that's interesting. Do you have a specific area of medicine you work in? I work as a scientist. I'm not very good at tennis but I keep practicing!"], ["I have been talking to my cousin in Sweden about posiibly going for a visit.", "That is very sweet! I need a vacation as well.", "Do you miss Sweden a lot? Do you still have family there?", "Yes, I do. My parents still live there.", "Oh nice! Is it expensive to travel there? I need to start saving some money if I'm going to go visit my cousin.", "It is very expensive, that is why I have not visited in so long.", "I figured as much. How's your job at the hospital?", "The job is good! I love the flexible hours so I have time with my family!", "Flexibility at a job is the greatest. My job has some flexibility but I could always use more.", "Yeah that is true. How is your job as a scientist?", "It is rewarding but is very difficult work at times. That's why I often need some time to decompress and be active.", "At least it is rewarding. Being active is amazing, I have yet to try playing badminton."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just graduated from high school and will be attending college next year. I am going to study neuroscience. My goal is to become an Eagle Scout. I chose to study neuroscience as I believe that kind of work is really gratifying.", "I work at a fast food restaurant.", "My mother loved art. My mother died when I was young. My dad raised me. My dad is not into art.", "I am looking forward to college. I am nervous. I hope to have some fun at school. My dad has helped me a lot.", "My Scout group has adopted a local park, which we clean up every summer. I like to give back to the community by doing something good.", "I usually have free time to do volunteer work, but this summer I am busy. I am preparing for college. I am nervous.", "I will be doing Premed in college. I am aiming for Neuroscience. I get pleasure from helping others. I find the brain really interesting."], "partner_persona": ["I travel.", "Art is my passion. I am my own boss. I work in art. I help poor children make and sell art.", "I went to art school. I like to give back. I was inspired by a man from my neighborhood who painted.", "I am doing a wildlife project. I want to go on a safari. I like water colors. I use acrylics sometimes.", "My wildlife project is going well. We are planning to clean up the trash at a local lake. I am working on a watercolor painting of a spot near my clean-up project.", "I would like to go to art school part time. I would not try to get a degree in art, but I would love to learn more about it."], "current_conv": ["This week I will be doing a on-campus orientation where I'll be staying overnight at the University. ", "Neat! Are you looking forward to it?", "Yeah, I'm a little nervous since it'll be my first time away from home, but I'm excited for the next step forward.  Since you went to school, do you have any advice for me on orientation?", "Just make notes of where the buildings are that your classes will be in, that was the most helpful for me so that on the first day I wasn't lost and late for class.", "That's a great idea!  Yeah I need to make sure I know where I'm going.  How has the watercolor project been going?", "Good, it is just about finished. I will send you a photo of it when it is complete!  Do you do any type of art?", "Not really, but I have done a lot of clean up projects and environmental projects with my Boy Scouts troop.  It's been one of the most rewarding things I've ever been a part of. ", "That is very rewarding! Are you going to continue to do those types of projects once you go to college?", "Yeah!  I haven't yet achieved my eagle scout, so I want to continue until I achieve that rank.  But I'm sure you know how rewarding it is to do cleanups with your wildlife project.  It feels so good to see all the work you do reflected in nature.", "Yes, it also really helps to put my mind at ease knowing that I am helping the environment in such a big way, even if it is just locally.", "Exactly, I just love seeing the impact that projects like that can have on the wildlife and the local community.", "So how is your dad feeling about you heading off to college?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you doing?", "I'm great. Just chilling, looking for inspiration to paint. Art is my passion.", "Nice! I'm headed to college next year. My college has a good art program.", "Great. Even if art is not your major, take a studio art class or two, no regrets.", "Exactly. I am going to study neuroscience but I will maybe broaden my horizon. We'll see.", "There is nothing for me like the freedom of being my own boss... Best life ever.", "Yes for sure. That's what I want when I become an eagle scout!", "Lol. I must be honest, the income stream is sporadic but I manage to travel and live.", "Lol! Lucky you. I'm stuck working at a fast food restaurant!", "Hey, no shame in doing honest work. But be determined to live not just exist.", "True. Doing that and eating ice cream, I will be more than happy!", "Ok, so why the interest in neuroscience?", "To be honest, I just think that kind of work is really gratifying.", "Good for you all the best with your career in neuroscience.."], ["You mentioned you are your own boss. Does the company you own focus on art?", "Yes it does. I also get children who are in poverty to make drawings and sell them so that they can buy some toys or clothes or whatever they want to do with the money they earn.", "Oh wow, that's a really amazing idea.  Did you go to art school and graduate?  And how did you eventually get inspired to become an artist?", "Yes I did go to an art school. And so many people helped me finish the program and graduate that i just wanted to give back when I was able to. And what originally spired me was a man in my neighborhood just would sit outside i draw and paint and me and my friends would just watch him, so thats when i decided i wanted to become an artist.", "Wow, that's a neat story.  My mother really loved art but she died when I was quite young and I was just raised by my dad.  He wasn't really interested in art.", "Yeah most people really go one way or the other they love it or hate it there doesn't really seem to be much of an in between. Are you looking forward to starting college soon?", "I am, but I'm also nervous about it.  It'll be the first time I'm away from home and I feel a lot of pressure to do well and make the most of it.  It's costing so much money.", "College is very expensive. It unfortunate college in the USA isn't more like the way European countries do it.  But hopefully you can just make the experience as enjoyable as possible, im sure you will ben fine and love it once you're there.", "Yes, I do hope to have some fun as well.  But if I want to eventually stop working at a fast food restaurant I think I'll need to take it seriously, too.  I want to make my dad proud since he's sacrificed a lot to be able to help me financially.", "Yeah i understand the pressure of trying to please family. I'm sure you will do the best you can possibly do and regardless your father will be proud of you.", "What types of art are you working on right now?  What are your favorite media to work with?", "Right now I am doing a wildlife project. Im hoping to go on a Safari trip so i can see more unique animals. I prefer water color pencils, but occasionally like to use acrylic paints."], ["How is your wildlife project coming along this week?", "It's is going pretty well. We are looking at cleaning up all the trash out of a local lake.", "That's awesome!  My scout group actually adopted a local park to clean up every summer, it feels really good to give back and do something good.", "Yes, and I find that other people are super appreciative when you do projects like that.", "Absolutely. I usually have lots of free time to do things like that with my scout group, but this summer I'll be so busy with my job at the restaurant and preparing for college. I'm so nervous!", "What are you planning to go to college for?", "Premed for now, but I eventually want to go for Neuroscience. I think its really gratifying work and I get a lot of pleasure from helping others. Not to mention, the brain is so very interesting! Have you done anything new with your art lately?", "Cool, that seems like a really rewarding field. Yes I am working on a water color of a spot near where my cleanup project is.", "That's great! I wish I could see it. Have you ever considered going to school for art? You seem to have such a passion for it.", "I would really like to at some point, but only as a part time student. Art schools are so expensive these days.", "Not to mention, a degree in art certainly does not guarantee you any kind of employment when you're first leaving college. But I know it's not just about the money, sometimes.", "I would love to learn more about art, but it definitely would not be something I would get to try and pursue a degree in."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was born in the milky way. I migrated to earth.  am from a different planet that is part of the Milky Way, but it is hard to find.", "My family lives on planet x. I have two moms.", "I have Grey hair.", "I eat jello three or four times a day. I came to earth because the Jello overlords asked me for help with the Bill Cosby case. I do PR work for aliens.", "I love living on Earth. I have never been to Saturn because I think it is a tourist trap.", "I buy instant pistachio pudding. I like the consistency of pudding more than Jello. I think pudding has more flavor.", "I make whipped cream from scratch."], "partner_persona": ["Jello is one of my favorite foods.", "I have two moms.", "I love rock music.", "I have blonde hair. My mom is a nurse. My mom has blonde hair.", "I have multiple moms that enjoy eating jello. I love jello. I would like to visit a planet where jello is ate a lot.", "I think Earth is my favorite planet, though I like the way Saturn looks from a distance. I did not know anything existed on Saturn.", "I like pudding more than Jello, because it's creamy and succulent.", "I don't like whipped cream very much."], "current_conv": ["I just learned to make a Jello pudding pie. It's my favorite dessert now. You use a graham cracker crust. ", "That sounds really good. How did you make it? ", "Well it was the easiest thing to do\u2026. Combining two of my favorite desserts, jello & pudding to make the mega dessert\u2026 jello pudding pie tada! And drumroll please!!", "What flavors did you use? Di you buy the crust or make it?", "I know I could\u2019ve made it but I didn\u2019t see the point when the graham cracker crust was available\u2026. Maybe next time I\u2019ll make it from scratch? I\u2019m sure you\u2019re going to love this hybrid recipe too :)", "I am sure I will love it. What is the best flavors to use?", "Pistachio of course\u2026 I\u2019m going to try all the flavors one by one, but that\u2019s the top choice right now ;)", "I will have to try is. What flavor are you going to try next?", "Well, what do you recommend?!", "I was thinking chocolate pudding and strawberry jello.", "Ooh\u2026 that\u2019s a nice combo\u2026 I\u2019m drooling just thinking about it!", "Maybe even a chocolate gram cracker crust"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I was born in the milky way.", "That sounds so cool! Just eating some jello here which is one of my fav foods.", "Thats my planets main food too!!", "Awesome! Do you have a family there? I've got two moms.", "Yeah they live on planet x with my two moms too.", "Wow. Do you have music there? I just love to hear rock music.", "Of course! We receive music frequencies from earth all the time.", "I have blonde hair like my mom who is a nurse. What color is yours?", "Mine is grey because of the many lightyears it took me to get here.", "How do you enjoy visiting earth?", "Its interesting since I migrated here, a lot has changed.", "For how long have you been here?"], ["Do either of your moms enjoy eating jello?", "Of course they do. How do you think I developed such a taste for it?! Do you like jello?", "Of course. I grew up eating Jello three or four times every day. That's how we do it on my home planet.", "Nice. I need to visit that planet! Where is your planet located?", "It's part of the Milky Way but it's pretty hard to find. You have to go past the Snickers and to the right of the Heath Bar planet.", "Lol, sounds like a nice place. What made you come to Earth then?", "When Bill Cosby got in trouble I got called here by the Jello overlords to do some damage control. I do a lot of PR work for aliens.", "Hmm, interesting. Do you like it here?", "This planet is amazing. You guys are so lucky. What's your favorite planet?", "I only know this one so I guess I would have to say Earth. Although, Saturn looks kind of neat from a distance.", "I've only driven past Saturn, I've never stopped there. I've heard  that it's basically a tourist trap and kind of expensive.", "Really? I had no idea that anything even existed there."], ["I just went to the store to buy more jello and they were completely out. I got something called pudding to try instead. Have you ever had it?", "Pudding is amazing.  You have to try all sorts of new foods on earth.  What type of pudding did you get?", "The type of pudding that I would get is Pistachio. How about yourself?", "What??!!?! Pistachio pudding?  Do you mean chocolate?", "You have never had pistachio pudding? I usually buy it at the store. They have a powder you can mix to make instant pudding.", "No, I never knew that existed.  Do you like pistachio pudding more than jello?", "Yes, I like the consistency much better. I also think that pudding has more of a flavor than jello. Which do you like better? Jello or pudding?", "I also prefer pudding.  The texture feels so creamy and succulent in my mouth.  It's so good for how cheap it is.", "Yes, I would agree. Have you ever put whipped cream on top of your pudding?", "I'm actually not a big fan of whipped cream, unfortunately.  Did you buy store bought whipped cream for it?", "I have made it from scratch, I bought heavy whipping cream, put it in a mixer and mixed it until it created whipped cream.", "Wow, that's fancy.  Have you tried that on your jello too?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love my porch.", "I work a lot and have a family. I am a physical therapist.", "My job is therapy.", "I have a husband named Paul who recently went out of town for work. My husband Paul works for Doctors Without Borders. I do not have kids.", "I live in California.", "My husband is a doctor who recently went to Rwanda in Africa."], "partner_persona": ["I am working from home on my porch doing web design. I work in web design sales.", "I have 3 kids and 2 dogs. My youngest kid is named Chester.", "I have been married for 17 years since 2001.", "I live on a farm. I have a canola farm. I also have sheeps, cows, and chickens at my farm. I have very limited time during the day for myself."], "current_conv": ["How's your web design going from earlier? Still working on it?", "I am enjoying the fresh air at home but the kids sometimes distract me from progressing faster.", "how do they distract you?", "They are always making noise when I have to work indoors.  And the dogs bark every time they go down the hallway.  How is your work going?", "it's been going okay. I love getting to help people and support them in finding wellness again! it's really rewarding.", "I enjoy my farm and right now the kids like picking all the chicken eggs and preparing breakfast for me.  It's been pretty fun.  Do you enjoy tie outside?", "I do! when we travel for paul's work we are outside or camping a lot and I love that. how cool is that -- your kids cook for you! are they good little chefs?", "Chester is a great chef.  He also likes to milk the cows and make homemade fresh ice cream.  ", "does making ice cream require a lot of eqiupment?", "No, just an ice cream maker that plugs in.  It is delicious.  Do you enjoy any good foods when you travel with your husband?", "that's super cool. I should get me one of those. yeah, we get to try all the local quisines of places we go and that's been exciting and humbling. food is so different all over the world. it's such an experience!", "Sounds delicious but also could be scary trying new things!  How does your husband enjoy travelling?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you?", "Great. Thanks for asking. Just chilling on the porch as I work from home on web design.", "Oh that sounds fun I love my porch wish I had more time for it.", "I get to spend more time with my 3 kids and my 2 dogs. Lol.", "Oh how sweet. My job leaves me little time for family. Kind of inherited lol.", "Well what do you do?", "Therapy it pays well but id rather watch the lions and eat pizza all day.", "Lol I can relate. During my computer break I help out around the farm.", "Oh how lovely. What a picture perfect life :) like a rockwell painting.", "True. Lol. It is a very satisfying life. I'm very grateful for my family.", "How long have you been married?", "17 years since 2001. How about you?"], ["What kind of farm do you have? Is it more centered around crops or animals?", "I have a canola farm, it's definitely more centered around crops but I have some animals too like sheep, cows, and chicken. How is your family?", "That is interesting! My family is doing well. My husband Paul just had to go out of town for work.", "Great to hear! What does your husband do for work?", "He works for Doctors Without Borders. Very noble, but he's gone a lot. But I am busy with my work too, so it works out, but this is probably why we do not have any kids yet. No time. How are your kids?", "My kids are good, my youngest, Chester, just graduated from kindergarten, I'm so proud of him. How is therapy going?", "Way to go, Chester! Therapy is ok. It really puts things in perspective when I hear people talk about their lives and trials. It makes me appreciate what I have more when I start to feel down about Paul being gone so often.", "Yeah it's always humbling seeing with another person's point of view. Sorry to hear Paul's work is so demanding, it must be hard working away from home all the time. How does he feel about it?", "He used to love it, but I think he may be getting ready to settle down in one place. How is the world of web design?", "It's going alright, it's our least busiest time of the year but we are still making enough sales to get by. Where did Paul plan on settling?", "I'm glad you're making enough to get by! I suppose that kind of work requires a lot of budgeting for slow seasons. I hope Paul and I end up settling right here in California.", "Oh that's awesome! I love California, the weather there is beautiful. Are you going to continue therapy in California?"], ["My husband Paul came home from his work trip.", "He is a doctor right? Where did he go for his trip?", "He is. He was in Rwanda, Africa. He had an amazing time. He's so glad he went. I couldn't imagine doing that myself. How is the farm, you must be busy this time of year!", "Yes it has been really busy. When you have a bunch of farm animals it is a 7 day a week job, there is always something to do.", "I bet, not to mention your kids and other pets! Do you ever get time to relax?", "I usually have a few hours in the evening after the animals are taken care of and my other work is done, but not much more than that. How is your therapy job going?", "It's going well. I am finally at the point where the clients I am working with are making progress and making gains and getting their confidence back! It's now rewarding, I had doubts when I started.", "Oh okay, are you a physical therapist or a psychologist/psychiatrist?", "Physical. I help clients regain mobility, after accidents/surgeries.", "That must be really rewarding. There is nothing worse than feeling like you have a physical limitation. Your clients must really appreciate what you do.", "I hope so. Like I said, I am now starting to see their hard work and so are they. It's nice to see them regain hope.", "I can see why you and your partner are together, like minds and talents attract!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have one sister. My sister has autism. My mom takes care of my sister who has autism.", "I want to be a nurse. My mom is a nurse. I am in nursing school.", "I do not want to be a farmer. I am from Argentina.", "I will travel anywhere for work. I think it is important to see the world.", "I have started researching the many work options for nurses in Chicago.", "I don't know a lot of American cities. I am very interesting in Chicago, but might be interested in Detroit too someday.", "Nursing school is difficult but I am picking it up at a good pace. I am adjusting to it well. I am hoping to finish in the next year."], "partner_persona": ["I have two brothers.", "My dad is a farmer. I do not want to be a farmer.", "I am from Michigan in the United States. I live in Chicago.", "I like a movie with slartibartfast. I am familiar with the Hitchhiker's Guide movies.", "I love Chicago and its culture and diversity. I am from Detroit.", "It wasn't very hard to adjust to living in Chicago because it's a blue-collar city like Detroit. I had already spent a lot of time in Chicago.", "I left Michigan for work opportunities and higher salary. I wanted to distance myself from my father's farming business. I wanted to be more independent.", "I work part-time at a restaurant. I do odd jobs and handyman jobs. I learned a lot of relevant skills on the farm. I am handy.", "I find customers for my handyman jobs on Craigslist and my business's Facebook page. I have found a good niche."], "current_conv": ["I applied for a couple of nursing jobs in Chicago. Now I am nervous to see if they will call me for interviews!", "That's amazing! I understand your nervousness, it's a big step and the suspense of waiting to hear back is huge!", "So huge! I am hoping we can at least do initial interviews via Zoom, but I hope I get some follow-ups that will take me to the city! On their dime would be great haha!", "Haha, yes having a trip paid for would certainly be preferred. Did they give you an ETA for about how long it would take for them to get back to you?", "No, but two of them stop accepting applications today, so I assume I will hear soon. Ah! So exciting/scary. I think I would like Chicago. I have been reading about the Fullerton Beach. Have you every been there? ", "No I haven't but it seems like a cool place. What did you read about it?", "That it is a nice escape from city life but it can get crowded, especially with DePaul University right down the road.", "Yeah, that's the thing about beaches near big cities. It takes away from the serenity of the experience in my opinion.", "At least it is an option? I am also curious about the theatre scene. Do you ever go to see live shows?", "That's a fair point. Oh I love going to live shows! Comedy, music, theater, you name it! Any excuse to get out and I'm there, haha. Do you think Chicago has a good live scene?", "I hear that it does, but you are the one living it. Have you ever seen a show at Second CIty? A lot of SNL talent comes from there apparently.", "Haha I meant for your tastes. Personally, the comedy here is probably my favorite. I'm not sure how it compares on the theater front. New York is better known for its theater."], "history_conv": [["My family is awesome, what about yours?", "They are good. Two brothers. You?", "One sister, she has autism. My mom is awesome to care for her.", "Hey thats a lot for mom to deal with. Go mom.", "She taught me well, I want to be a nurse, a healer and cargiver like her.", "Thats cool. I think I do not want to be a farmer like my dad.", "I wouldn't want to be a farmer either. I'm from argentina, what about you?", "Not from argentina. From the states, from michigan. Do you know who slartibartfast is?", "Never, ever heard of it....tell me more.", "Who, slartibartfast is, who. He was a character in a movie. A movie I like.", "I'll have to look him up.", "I recently moved to chicago. Its a nice place."], ["My sister just said the funniest thing to my mom!", "Oh what did she say?", "She asked her if oranges are called oranges because they orange or because they are a fruit.", "That is funny and also very thought provoking. One of my brothers was always asking things like that when he was a younger.", "I think it is because she is autistic. Her brain looks at things very black and white.", "Your mom does a great job taking care of her. I know you'll be just as good of a caretaker. Are you almost done with nursing school?", "Nearly, can't believe I will be out in the world looking after people on my own.", "Yeah I'm sure there are a lot of hospitals hiring right now too. Do you have a place in mind where you want to work yet? You could always work in Chicago near me.", "I am open to travelling anywhere really. It is something I am used to, coming from Argentina.", "You're traveling more than Slartibartfast did in the Hitchhiker's Guide movies. Its nice to see the world.", "I agree, you can't complain about things if you haven't seen the rest of the world.", "Plus you'll be doing something to really help society. Nurses don't get enough credit for what they do."], ["I've started researching the work options for nurses in Chicago and it does seem like there are plenty of them! What are some of your favorite parts about living in Chicago?", "I love Chicago. It's very cultured and diverse. There is something for everybody there, I suppose. It's a lot like my hometown, Detroit, but just much bigger. But it still gives that mid-western, industrial back-bone feel. It's great.", "Good to hear! I am thinking more and more about living in Chicago for some time. Was it much of an adjustment moving from Detroit to Chicago?", "No, not really. They are both very blue-collar cities, so it wasn't a whole lot of adjustment. It's only about a 5 hour drive from Detroit to Chicago, so I've actually spent a lot of time here in the past! So I guess you could say I was already quite familiar with it. You should definitely consider it if you're looking to move! They do have great nursing schools here.", "Excellent to hear! Chicago is definitely near the top of my list, and I might like to try Detroit someday too. I'm not very familiar with American cities overall though. Why did you move to Chicago originally?", "I left Michigan for more work opportunities and higher pay. Michigan has been struggling financially for quite some while, and I wanted to distance myself more from my father's farming business and be more independent. Chicago is definitely a place to discover yourself!", "Oh, okay, interesting. I can understand why you'd want to get out of agriculture. What type of work are you doing now?", "Right now, I am working part time in a restaurant, while also doing odd jobs and handyman jobs in my free time with the skills I've picked up on the farm. Turns out I can be quite handy! How is nursing school going for you?", "Not too bad! It's pretty difficult work, but I feel like I'm picking it up at a good pace and adjusting well enough. I am hoping that I can finish within the next year if I maintain a good pace. How do you find customers for handy work?", "Mostly in craigslist, or from my business's Facebook page. There are so many people in Chicago, so it seems I found a good niche if I keep my prices competitive.", "Yeah, I believe that. I feel like people always need some work done. Part of what interests me about nursing is that there's always going to be demand for healthcare", "Yes, it's a sad truth that your career path will always be in demand. Always has been and always will be! But I guess you can sleep better at night knowing you have the best job security. Not to mention, how blessed it is to devote your life to the helping of others."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love walking on the beach near where I live in my spare time.", "I am in year 9 of high school and doing my o levels.", "I live in the uk and study spanish. The fees in the uk are expensive for university.", "I spend most of my time studying. I go to Spain in the summer to test my language skills. I went to hiking in Ludlow area. I like to go to beach to take a break from studying.", "I will be going hiking with my friends soon. I will be visiting California next week for a business trip.", "I have a harmonica.", "I like drinking beer."], "partner_persona": ["I love reading and going to art museums in my spare time.", "I live about an hour away from the beach.", "I have not been able to hike in the mountains lately due to the rain.", "I am from California and my daughter is in the 11th grade. My daughter studies french.", "I have a daughter who is in high school. My daughter wants to attend a university in either the uk or france. I believe my daughter is leaning towards attending university in the uk. My daughter wants to study French at an university abroad.", "I do not speak any foreign languages.", "I'm planning to go hiking in California this summer. I like going on the beaches of California. I have a Favorite taco spot in the California beach. I live in Southern California.", "I like meeting up with my friends at a hot spring.", "I like s'mores. I am learning the guitar."], "current_conv": ["How are your guitar lessons going? I'm thinking about picking it up myself for fun.", "They are going really well! I think you should get a guitar! It is so much fun!", "Yeah I might at some point. I have always wanted to play the guitar, but I have never pulled the trigger. Can you play any songs yet?", "I'm just learning all the different chords right now but I'm hoping to start learning songs in the next two weeks!", "Are you playing electric or acoustic guitar?", "Acoustic guitar right now but I would like to learn electric too! Which would you prefer?", "I listen to a lot of rock, so electric guitar for sure.", "That's super cool! I love rock music. Do you have a favorite band or artist?", "Probably Led Zeppelin. I am a big fan of the classic stuff, you?", "I like more modern rock definitely am more into bluesy grassroots type stuff. Maybe we could start a band!", "I'm down, what will our band's name be?", "I think we should be called \"The Guitar Heroes\"! What do you think?"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hi.", "What do you like doing in your spare time?", "I love reading and going to art museums. What about you?", "Walking on the beach near where I live is great fun.", "I wish I was closer to the beach. I live about an hour away.", "The mountains are great for walking also.", "They are. I haven't done much hiking though because of the rain.", "I don't get out often because I am still in high school studying.", "I have a daughter in high school. What grade are you in?", "I am in year 9, so doing my o levels now.", "You must be somewhere in europe then. My daughter is in 11th grade and I'm in california.", "Yes I am in the uk studying spanish.", "My daughter is studying french.", "That is good for a job in europe.", "I think for university she wants to study either in the uk or france.", "I would say uk is better. Better quality teaching. But that is just my opinion.", "I think she is leaning that way..", "The fees are expensive so shop around for the best university.", "Will do. Thanks for chatting with me..", "No probs. Been a pleasure, hope I helped.", "You did. Have a good rest of your day!"], ["I was able to find some time today to take a break from studying for school and go walk on the beach.", "That sounds lovely, I am goin to the beach with my daughter later today.", "It's always nice to get out to the beach and take a walk. Does your daughter like the beach?", "She does, but school studies take up a lot of her time, she is trying to get in to university.", "Tell me about it. I spend most of my time studying. Has she decided where she is going to go?", "She wants to study French at a university abroad. What are you studying?", "I'm studying Spanish. So, she wants to study a foreign language like me. How fascinating!", "I do not speak any foreign languages, Spanish sounds like a great language to learn. Where do you study?", "I study in the UK but go to Spain in the summer to put it all to the test. Thinking back, I probably should have just attended school in Spain to learn better and be immersed in the language.", "Do you hike in the UK? I am going to spend my summer time hiking in California while my daughter is busy studying.", "I haven't been proper hiking in some time. The last time was in the Ludlow area. When I get some free time from studying I like to go the beach instead. What is it like hiking in California?", "Ludlow, that sounds like a beautiful place, I have never been! Hiking in California is wonderful, I can walk down to the beach and enjoy drinks and lunch at my favorite taco spot to relax."], ["My friends are planning a hike just like we talked about. This is gonna get interesting.", "Oh, cool! Where are they planning to go? I love hiking.", "Haha, I know you love hiking, silly! I will be visiting CA next week on business. You got the time for us?", "Yes, of course! The weather should be better then. It actually rained today which is unusual for southern California. I'll come pick you up at the airport if you like.", "Sounds great! Bring your daughter along! The hike is on near the ocean in Malibu.", "I have the perfect place. We just need to climb down the path but it's pretty safe. At the bottom is a natural Hot Springs. A bunch of us meet up there.", "We can watch the sunset & sing campfire songs! I have a harmonica. Which one of you lovely ladies strums or sings?", "I really want to make some s'mores then! I play the guitar, but, still learning. I bet it will sound good with your harmonica.", "After a beers anyways!", "That sounds perfect. I'll make sure to pick some up.", "And I will bring some from the UK with me, I am sure you will love. So, how was tour day?", "I'd love to try the UK beer! My day was good but tiring. I'm glad tomorrow is a day off. How was yours?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Mark, I work on cars and drink a lot.", "I've been a mechanic my whole life and have a wife. I didn't start drinking until I met her.", "I do not have any other kids, but my wife is due to give birth to our first born in a few weeks. I do not know whether it is a boy or girl, and I do not make enough money as a mechanic to support a family. My wife has a good job and makes a lot of money. It doesn't matter what gender my child is.", "I used to be a heavy drinker. I am a responsible person; I wanted to have my drinking under control before having a child. I have considered getting help for my drinking problem. I go to meetings twice a week each week. I am 6 months sober. It's still hard.", "My wife is doing great. I am able to focus on work and family and her.", "I am so excited about the upcoming birth of my child. I am scared, nervous, and overjoyed. I can't wait to see my baby for the first time. My wife has had health complications, so we will have the baby in the hospital."], "partner_persona": ["I am terrible at working on cars.", "I have 4 children with two different women. I am a heavy drinker. I am estranged from some of my children.", "I am an alcoholic. I am overwhelmed by getting help for my drinking problem. I don't have anyone close to me to help. I don't have any friends here who would go to meetings with me.", "I have felt so alone with my problem. I am afraid of change. I would be willing to check out a few meetings.", "I am at rock bottom. I love my kids but don't get to see all of them right now. I want sobriety partially because I want to see my kids grow up.", "I was very excited when my first child was born. I was in the room to give support. I wasn't an alcoholic then, although I did drink socially. I lost my job after that and went downhill.", "I am on unemployment. I would rather be working because it gives me a sense of purpose. I feel a bit lost and am floundering."], "current_conv": ["My wife has been put on bed rest until the baby comes and I am so nervous!", "Oh my goodness, that sounds so scary! How is she holding up?", "She's really nervous, too.  The doctor told her that he was concerned about a premature birth, and that's why she's been put on bed rest.", "I'm glad she has people looking out for her and I know your presence makes it easier for her to get through it. ", "Things had seemed to be going so well and then we were thrown this curve ball.  Since this is our first child maybe we're overreacting.  But it's definitely thrown me for a loop.  I've been really tempted to start drinking heavily again, though I know that wouldn't help anything.", "Definitely try and stay away from the drinks. Try going for a run or lifting weights instead. I've found that helps me a ton, especially in my most discouraged moments. And it's naturally to afraid for your child and your wife. This is a huge moment! Y", "Yes, that's a good idea to get some exercise.  And I need to keep going to meetings.  The meetings have helped me be more aware of the thoughts and feelings that start leading towards drinking.  Stress is obviously a big pitfall.", "Oh absolutely. What I'm learning in the meetings is that what really causes us to drink is unprocessed negative emotions and our discomfort with them. It's a struggle, but if we can learn to deal with those in a healthy way, that helps a lot. ", "Were there any complications with the births of any of your kids?", "Two of my kids were premature and one was born with the umbilical cord around his neck! That last one was especially terrifying. They are all healthy, now, though, including their mothers. I really hope that they allow me to see them again when I get clean.", "Wow, that's both scary and also somewhat reassuring.  It's scary to think of what all could go wrong, but reassuring to hear that there were issues with the births of all three of your kids but they're all healthy.", "Absolutely. I think where I went wrong was not having any purpose and not asking for emotional support. That led me to drinking and causing problems with my kids and their mothers. Just make sure you have a support system around you and that you have meaning in your life and remember why you chose to be sober and you'll do just fine. It'll be a challenge sometimes, but it'll be better than where I am currently."], "history_conv": [["Hi I am mark, I work on cars and I drink too much. How are you today?", "Pretty good. I am terrible at working on cars and also drink a little too much.", "I've been a mechanic my whole life but only started drinking when I met my wife.", "Does she not approve of your drinking?", "She did for a while but she had to stop when we found out shes pregnant.", "Congratulations! Do you know if it's a boy or girl?", "Don't know yet but I don't make enough money to support a family being a mechanic.", "Does your wife have a job?", "She has a good job and makes a lot more than I do.", "Do you have any other kids? It sounds like you'll be okay financially.", "None yet but my first one is about ready to pop out in a few weeks.", "That's exciting man! You should be just fine. I'm sure you'll make a great parent.", "Thanks! I think I need a drink.", "Haha. I'll pour one for you when I get home."], ["My wife and I discussed it and we want to wait until our child is born to find out its gender.", "Why would you want to wait? How will you prepare for a baby if you don't know what to buy?", "well most items aren't really for just one gender, aside from clothes i guess. Do you have any kids? You might have some experience here!", "I do have kids. I didn't know the gender of 3 of them before they were born and people decided to buy what they wanted. I ended up with like fifty dresses for my son and nothing but overalls for my daughters haha. I knew the last one was going to be a girl. Luckily we saved her brothers dresses and she had stuff to wear.", "oh wow! Yeah, i guess with gifts it may be better to know the gender beforehand. I'll have a think about it. How old are your children now?", "Well the boy turned 18 last November and he's still living with his mom. The older girls are like 23 and 26 if I remember right. They don't talk to me much. Part of why I drink all the time. But my youngest daughter is about to be 16. Her mom still lives with me, and I am trying to get better for them. I am still thankful that my older kids mom let me have all the dresses when my daughter was born. We had saved them just in case, and she never had another kid. You should be excited though. Babies are blessings.", "I am really excited. My wife has been wanting a baby for years now, I wanted to deal with the alcohol before we had the baby however. I understand what you say about why you drink, we all have our own battles to face with this kind of stuff. I feel like im in a better state now, not long until the baby after all!", "It is not easy to deal with a newborn and drink. I would advise getting it under control as much as possible. But after they get big enough to sleep through most nights, it isn't as hard to get in some drinks. Once they are teenagers and always running off with friends, it is easier for sure, because instead of waiting until after bedtime, you wait until they leave and then just sink into the bliss of not knowing your own name. Blah. I need to stop drinking.", "Yeah, I'm completely ready to just dedicate my life to our little bundle of joy!! I'm planning in getting some kind of support if things get too bad for me. Have you even thought of doing the same?", "I have. I dont really know where to start. Or have anyone that would be a good sponsor. I just need to stop buying the stuff.", "Yeah it is difficult. Perhaps if you're struggling with money you could set aside an amount every week you would normally spend. Lock it away if you have to.", "Yeah. But I have nobody to help me DO it. Like thinking it is all easy."], ["I already went to one meeting and it was great; it really made me feel strong for my baby to be. It would mean the world to me, and I'm sure your kids, if you just gave it a shot, man.", "I want to but I am afraid to. I wish that I had a friend here who could go with me. It's great that you went to a meeting and are getting help.", "I can understand. I felt that way too at first. I was scared of any idea of change. But I'll gladly go with you to your first meeting if that would make you more comfortable? It may take you a couple meetings until you find one that is most suited for you, though.", "That's so nice of you. It really touches my heart, to be honest. I've felt so alone with this problem and also am afraid of change like you mentioned. I don't mind checking out a few to find one that really resonates with me.", "I go every week, twice a week. So, whenever you are ready to give one a try, just let me know! No pressure! I know how it can feel. I had to get to an absolute rock bottom before I would even consider it, and it's still hard, but I'm coming up on 6 months sober myself!", "I'm really impressed. I feel like I'm at rock bottom and it's overwhelming knowing where to start but I'll reach out to you when I'm ready. How is your wife doing? The baby should be here soon. That's exciting. I love my kids even though I don't get to see all of them. Hopefully, that will change.", "The wife is doing great, and honestly, probably a lot more now that I've put the bottle down. I'm able to really focus on work and my life at home, and her needs. She knows this isn't easy for me, but I can tell she really appreciates how hard I'm trying. I know how much you love your children, but I'm sure if you can make some progress on the drinking you'll be able to find ways to spend more time with them. You are not alone; many of the fathers in my groups deal with very similar issues. Maybe you could reach out to one of them for advice?", "I'm glad to hear that, man. I'm sure your wife is so much happier now, especially knowing you're there for her and the baby. Part of my motivation to get sober is because I want to be able to see my kids grow up, all of them. Nice to know I'm not alone. Are you excited about the birth? Are you going to have a home birth or go to the hospital?", "I'm excited, scared, nervous, overjoyed, and pretty much every other feeling I can imagine all at once! It's a lot to handle sometimes! But truthfully, more than anything, is the anticipation to finally see my baby for the first time. We are going to do the birth in the hospital, just to be safe. My wife has had a couple health conditions in the past, so we don't want to take any risks. The doctors do not expect any kind of complications, though.", "That's good. I feel it's safer to have backup in the hospital just in case, especially if your wife has had some health issues. I'm sure it will go smoothly though since the doctors don't foresee any issues arising. I was so excited when my first child was born. I loved being able to be there in the room and to give all my support. I wasn't a true alcoholic then, just drank socially. Losing my job started a downward spiral.", "I'm really sorry to hear that, but I can understand. Are you still currently out of work?", "Yes. I'm getting unemployment benefits right now, but, I'd rather be working. It gave me a sense of purpose. Some days I feel lost and like I'm just floundering around. I need to make a change somehow."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I might quit my job. I don't get to spend enough time with family. I work a lot for low pay.", "I like old school punk music.", "I don't have the time to go to vacations because of my family.", "I really enjoy Green Day's music. I love Nirvana and 90's rock and grunge music.", "I would love to go see live music again.", "I am not in a good mood about my job. I don't have good work-life balance. If I quit my job, I would like to have a new job lined up first. If I was not working as much, I would do more of my woodworking hobby.", "I am passionate about woodworking. I have been thinking of making it a second source of income."], "partner_persona": ["I was a veterinarian, but quit. I like to travel.", "I am a singer. I am a blogger.", "I like folk music.", "I have a dog. I like to hike.", "My favorite Travel destination is Maldives. I am planning to go to Bora Bora.", "Me and my band is planning to create music next week.", "My favorite band is probably Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young. I like Mumford and Sons.", "I am focused on performing and recording. I see local acts when I travel.", "I previously quit my vey job. i did not have another job lined up. It has given me more time to work on music.", "I would like to make some income with my music and my band soon."], "current_conv": ["I have been thinking about our last talk and I think I want to try to sell some of my woodworking projects and see if I can cut my hours at work.  ", "Oh that's great news I'm so happy for you! Its always best to follow your passion! Have you made anything good recently?", "I made an adorable elf man that I love. Thinking about making a serious of them. Kinda like garden gnomes. Do you think that would sell on Etsy?", "Cool! That sounds so great. Personally, I'd love to buy one, I love elves. So if I'm any indication, I think there's surely a market. Have you sold any of your work before?", "Not really. When I was younger I used to make them as gifts, but I think I am much better at it now. What kind of elf would you want? The one I made was a female painter with a smock on, but I would love to get ideas from other people to really expand my work.", "Oh wow, there's so much scope for a series with those. I'd have to think more about it but i'd love a chef or a librarian. How long do they take to make? ", "Yes! Loving these ideas already! It depends on the size. I can make 2-3 4\" ones a day, but I think it would be smart to do some large ones as well to make the big bucks. Those can take over a week depending on the amount of detail.", "Wow I was imagining it would take weeks to do even small ones, you must be really good at it! I think this whole idea is such a good move for you. But yeah definitely make some big ones too. I'm sure etsy would go crazy for them. How did you come upon elves as a subject matter for your craft?", "I was just tinkering around. I have no affinity for elves...well, until now. They are cute and it is nice to be able to personalize them for people.", "Yeah the possibilities are completely endless. But yeah elves are great. I can imagine detailing the faces must be hard though?", "I think I may need to start looking at random images of faces online to really be able to provide some variety. I am one to get stuck doing things a certain way. It may take me longer, but would be worth it. ", "Oh completely, I used to paint and I always got stuck on particular faces. But yeah I think as much variety as possible would be the safest bet on etsy so you can make sure you're making enough to cover what you would have been earning at work. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! What have you been doing today?", "Pretty well. Getting warm here. How are you?", "I'm doing ok. Thinking about quitting my job.", "What makes you want to quit?", "I work long hours for low pay and don't have enough time to spend with my family.", "I used to be a veterinarian but I quit to travel so I say go for it!", "Thanks for the support. What do you do now?", "I just started singing for a living, and I have my own blog.", "Thanks for the support. What do you do now?", "I just started singing for a living, and I have my own blog.", "Nice. What kind of music? I like old school punk.", "Folk music, a lot easier to do without a band.", "Makes sense. What do you like to do on the weekends?", "I hike a lot with my dog. What about you?"], ["Where is your favorite place to travel?", "My favorite travel destination that I have been to so far is the Maldives, but I am going to Bora Bora soon and i have heard great things. Do you get to travel often?", "No, i barely have enough time for my family as it is with my dang job.", "That is the worst when you work so hard and it just doesn't work out the way you want. I hope you can find a job with better hours and pay so you can spend some more quality time with your family.", "Yeah its a bit of a struggle right now, I have to take what i can so we can survive comfortably.", "What kind of work do you enjoy doing maybe you can find something that will suit you better.", "I always wanted to get into woodworking as more than a hobby. I may have to just take the plunge and do it.", "Maybe you could do something like that from home. Create your work and sell it to local people or online.", "Yeah that is kind of what i was thinking. Hows your folk music going? Did you get a band together?", "That sounds like a great plan. Yeah we are all getting together next we to iron out all the pieces so hopefully we will start creating music in the next few weeks.", "Please tell me when you guys are gonna play, id love to come out!", "Oh that would be amazing. Thank you for the support much appreciate it."], ["I heard Green Day's music recently. I forgot how much i loved the band. What's your favorite Band ?", "Good question. My favorite band is probably Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young, but I like Mumford and Sons out of more recent music. What other punk bands do you like besides Green Day?", "Nirvana is definitely the next one that comes to mind for me. I love a lot of the 90s rock and grunge music.", "I remember when Nirvana got big! That was an exciting time for sure. Have you been able to see any acts in concert lately?", "No, I have not recently, but I would love to go see some more live music again. What about you?", "No, I've been more focused on performing and recording myself lately, but I always try to see some local acts when I travel. Speaking of which, how's your mood been about your job?", "Not very good, there is practically no work life balance, I feel like I am always turned on when it comes to my job.", "I'm sorry to hear that. I hope you can make a decision about whether or not to stay with your job before too long. What do you think you would spend your new free time on if you quit?", "I will probably devote some more time to my woodworking hobby, but I am hoping to have another job lined up before I quit my current one.", "That's probably the smart move. I made the mistake of quitting my vet job before I figured out my next step, sadly, but it's given me a lot more time to work on my musical hobbies. How serious are you about woodworking?", "I am pretty passionate about it. I have a nice little setup in my garage. At the moment I only make things that I want to make, but maybe at some point I will turn it into a 2nd source of income.", "Oh, that's great! It's always a plus when you can make some extra income off of something you enjoy. I hope my band and I can accomplish the same with our music someday soon"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going to college next year. I want to study neuroscience.  I would like to cure neurological diseases.", "I am training to be an eagle scout.", "I volunteer at a research lab.", "I do not have any pets. I have always wanted to scuba dive. I am scared of sharks. I saw a documentary about shark diving.", "I will be a little less scared of scuba diving because of knowing that sharks aren't attracted to blood in the water."], "partner_persona": ["I just divorced my wife.", "I love to scuba dive in Hawaii. I have been to Hawaii three times. I find marine life so interesting. I am planning to go shark diving in the steel cage. I am a thrill seeker. I will study  Neuroscience classes next year.", "I am a veteran.", "I have 2 pet Snakes named Hensel and Gretel. I like Hensel and Gretel Folk tales.", "I prefer animals to humans because they are often easier to get along with.", "I will be using the GI Bill."], "current_conv": ["I went to lunch today with an old friend and it turns out he is a professional scuba diver and wants to take me along with him!", "Oh no way! I love to scuva dive! Where do you dive to? I normally go to Hawaii to seek those types of thrills.", "I'm not sure; my friend said they'll let me know. Hawaii sounds awesome. What makes you want to go into neuroscience?", "It's something I've always fancied trying. I really love that sort of thing so want to give it a try. How do you plan to try and cure the neurological diseases? It may help me with my classes.", "Well, it's not that simple. It's science. You have to learn as much as you can, what's been tried before, what can be tried differently. I'd be fine with helping you, but let's wait until your classes start. When will that be, by the way?", "It'll be some time next year. Thank you for the offer to help! I think you should try to do some scuba diving... it's actually a lot of fun!", "Like I said, I'm waiting to hear back from my friend. Was there a job you wanted to have when you were in high school?", "I am a veteran so I just went straight to the army after high school. What about you?", "Thanks for your service, by the way. I always wanted to do something in the sciences, but my experience in the research lab really sealed the deal for neuroscience. I've been into that kind of stuff since I was a kid. Being out in nature for Eagle Scouts probably fueled it some, too.", "No worries. That sounds a lot of fun, I wish you good luck with your studies! How is your volunteering at the lab going?", "Oh, it's going great; thanks for asking. I'm going to need that luck. Once you finish yours, we can compare humans and animals. Think you'll study marine life or a different type of animal?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How's it going?.", "Hello, not good I just divorced my wife.", "Oh no! So sorry to hear that! I'm only going to college next year.", "It will be okay, I have my two pet snakes. What college.", "Not sure yet, but I want to study neuroscience! What do you do?", "I love to scuba dive in hawaii when I am not working.", "Awesomeee! I'd love to go to hawaii. I could work on my eagle scout training.", "I have been there three times, what is your training?", "Oh, I'm working on becoming an eagle scout! I also volunteer at a research lab.", "That is awesome, could build something for veterans?", "Maybe! That would be cool, are you a veteran?.", "Yes I am, I know of several eagle scout projects for veterans.", "Awesome, I'd love to hear more about that.", "I know of a project that help dispose of american flags correctly."], ["Tell me the name of your snakes.", "Thier names and Hansel and Gretel - after the folk tales. I was always intrigued with that story so that's what I named them. Do you have any pets?", "I do not have any pets. I have always wanted to scuba dive. What was your experience like?", "I was a little nervous because of all the training and equiprments, but the guides I had in Hawaii were amazing. Once I got under the water and adjusted to breathing through the air tank - it was really funny. I can't even describe the beauty.", "I really hope that I get to go one day. I can't even imagine how amazing that would be.", "You will love it. Once I did it the first time, I was hooked. I even want to do that thing, where you go into a steel cage and sharks come out. I find marine life so interesting.", "I think that would be amazing but I am so scared of sharks so I don't know if I would do it!", "That's understandable. Apparently, I am a bit of a thrill seeker. :) I am sure you will be studying about fear/emotions in your Neuroscience classes next year."], ["I saw an interesting documentary about shark diving, they are not attracted to the blood in the water. Did you know about that ?", "No, I had no idea. That'll make me feel much safer when I go diving. What are they attracted to then?", "I've heard sharks have a good sense of smell.  I was surprised to hear that it wasn't the blood since that's what you typically see in the movies etc.", "I had no idea. That's so interesting! That makes movies like Jaws completely different in real life. Does that make you any less worried about sharks when you go scuba diving sometime?", "Yes, it gives me some comfort but not much.  It's always when we approach the summer months when you hear about increased shark attacks.  That's because the seal population has increased and the food is plentiful.", "I didn't know that about seals. O", "Oh yes, the seal population is high on the east coast.  There was a report on the television the other day about a huge shark located off of Cape Cod, Massachusetts.  They try to tag and track the sharks so they can keep their location known.", "That's so interesting. You have a lot of knowledge. When you study neuroscience, are you looking to do zoology and research with animals or are you looking to work with humans after college?", "I looking to work with humans.  It's so fascinating.  I hope some day I can help cure neurological diseases.", "I prefer animals to humans, but that's just because they are easier to get along with most of the time. :?) That's amazing what you're planning to do, though. There are so many terrible diseases that we can't cure yet.", "That's a funny comment.  I'm chuckling.  Yes, if we put our minds to it, I bet we can accomplish many things regarding diseases.  It's amazing over the course of the years how we've come up with many vaccines to eradicate infections diseases/viruses.", "I know, right? We need to get all the research done that we can. I'm using the GI Bill to take some neuroscience classes next year. I can't wait!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Ohio, but I'm moving to Florida.", "I went to a very strict high school. My father was the principal.", "I have an older sister.", "I have some really great friends.", "I volunteer at the local food pantry.", "I love hot weather. I might move to Tampa. I love the Florida beaches. I visited Florida a while ago.", "I'm moving to get away from my family. Moving will be a fresh start for me.", "I'm not a sports fan.", "I enjoy taking pictures of nature. I enjoy being on the beach. I am looking forward to living near a beach.", "My possible move to Tampa is contingent on finding a job there. I am currently trying to secure a job in Tampa.", "I work in textiles. I connect textile vendors to clothing retailers. I prefer summer fashions to winter fashions."], "partner_persona": [" I live in the U.K. I have been to Florida a few times. I like Florida. I didn't like the humidity of Florida. I've been to Miami. I love the beaches.", "I'm not really into American football.", "I teach English at a U.K. school.", "I am an only child. I like making friends.", "I do some charity work at a homeless shelter.", "I love soccer. I like watching Tampa Bay Rays games.", "I am tired and would like a break.", "I do not live in Tampa. I am not personally familiar with the Tampa, FL area.", "I am interested in fashion.", "I enjoy the summer aesthetic."], "current_conv": ["I just got a call back from one of my job interviews in Tampa! ", "That's so exciting.  What do you think about the company who called back?", "It seems like a good company. I'm trying not to get too excited and rush into it but it's hard haha.  What do you do for a living?", "I teach English here in the UK.  Are you going to have to do another interview with this company?  Do you think they'll fly you down for an interview before they hire you?", "I think we will have to do another interview online. It seems much more efficient that way. Do you teach primary school?", "Yes, it's a boarding school for primary-school-aged boys.  I teach a lot of grammar, which is pretty dry.", "Oh yeah that isn't an easy subject either. I don't know much about how schools work there but I find the differences between there and America very interesting. Have you thought about what you might do to take a break?", "I'm just looking forward to the end of the school year and then I can take a holiday.  If you're situated in Florida at that point maybe I'd consider a visit.  Although Florida in the summer may be too humid for me to handle.  Otherwise I could go to the continent.  I've never been to Portugal but was thinking I should.", "I've never been there either. If everything goes through I should be in Florida by then. If you do decide to visit we should definitely hang out! We could go places that have air conditioning haha.", "Haha, yes that would be a great idea.  And I'd love to see a Tampa Rays game if you're interested in that.  But first let's just hope that the rest of the job hunting process goes to your liking.  Have you told your family about the job interview?", "No not yet. I want to be sure I have the job before I open up that can of worms. However, I'm not that worried about what they think after that. I need to live my own life.", "Yes, I agree.  It's got to be your choice and what's best for you, and based on what you've told me, getting away and establishing some more freedom and independence certainly seems like a positive change for you.  Hopefully it comes to fruition."], "history_conv": [["Hi! I live in ohio but, I'm moving to florida. Where do you live?", "I live in the uk, but have been to florida a few times.", "Do you like sports? What about the chicago bears football team.", "I do like sports but not really into american football.", "I went to a very strick high school, my father was the principal at my old school.", "Ok, I teach english in a uk school.", "Cool! Do you have any brothers or sisters? My sister is older than me.", "No I am an only child so I like making friends.", "I have some really great friends, also.", "I do some charity work for a homeless shelter.", "That's awesome! I volunteer at the local food pantry for the poor.", "It is always important to give back I feel."], ["I'm excited about my move to Florida. I've been researching it a lot. I'm worried about the weather, though.", "Sounds like you're in for a treat! I've been to Florida once and enjoyed it. The humidity definitely wan't enjoyable but the lack of snow made up for it. What city are you planning on moving to?", "I love the heat. I think I was born to just bake in the sun. I am thinking of Tampa. Which city would you go to?", "If you love the heat, then you'll definitely like Florida. I haven't been to Tampa, but I did like Miami when I visited. I really enjoyed the beaches in Miami. Have you been to Florida before or will this be a new city for you?", "I have been before which is why I decided to move. The beaches were one of the main reasons actually. Imagine going out for lunch while at work to sit on the beach for 30 mins.", "Oh yes, that does sound quite nice. I actually just remembered that I went through Tallahassee once briefly but it rained most of the time so I didn't do much. Do you have any family in Tampa?", "No, its more to get away from them. They are very strict and I feel I need a bit more freedom.", "Ah, that makes sense. Will you have any friends close by in Tampa or is this a totally fresh start for you?", "Completely fresh start. i am really excited about it!", "Sounds like it will be really fun. Do you follow any of the local sports there?", "Not a big sports fan to be honest. It all seems a bit too aggressive for me. How about you?", "That's alright. I do like sports, soccer especially, but I'm not too into many American sports. However, I do try to watch some of the Tampa Bay Rays games from time to time."], ["I was looking through some old photos when I went to Florida and thought of you!", "Sweet of you to think of me! Where in Florida were the pictures taken?", "it was a beach in Miami!  Perfrect view of the ocean managed to get a shot where it was just the beach and the water, no people.", "That sounds lovely. I could use a vacation in Miami right about now! Have you given more thought to your move to Tampa?", "It's still a possibilty.  I need to make sure I have a job down there so I ve been applying and doing remote interviews", "That's smart. I've known some people who've made spontaneous moves without preparation, and the job situation was a major source of stress for them. When you end up moving, I'll have to make a trip to visit you!", "I cant wait.  Its not on the beach but its a 30 min drive to two different beaches!", "I looked it up on a travel website, and it said that there are a ton of awesome beaches in that part of Florida. So what field do you work in?", "I work in textiles.  I connect vendors to retailers. selling fabrics to companies to make clothes.", "That sounds like fun, actually! I'm sure that Florida would be a good place for that, as the fashion industry seems to be big there.", "Thats what Im hoping for.  Should be more fun than seling fabric for coats.  I can sell fabrics for all those awesome hawiian shirts people wear", "Haha I love seeing those! They make me want to grab a Mai Tai and relax!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm an athlete.", "I was brought up in Alaska.", "I love to eat meat. I'm looking to buy a big quantity of Sockeye.", "I want to buy 20 pounds of it for my new diet.", "I like Stephen King as an author. I have read quite a bit of his work, including part of the Dark Tower series. I have not read The Stand but I intend to.", "I have not watched The Shining but I would like to. I admire Jack Nicholson as an actor.", "I am concerned about excessive on-screen gore."], "partner_persona": ["I love reading books. Mostly Stephen King books. I have read all the books, written by him.", "I like Fish. I work in Fish market. We have  Sockeye coming in tomorrow.", "I enjoy reading horror. My favorite book is The Stand. I prefer the written version to the screen versions of stories.", "I love the Dark Tower series. I think the Dark Tower series is incomparable. I was a lonely child and books. I read books as a child because I did not have friends.", "I think the screen adaptation for The Shining is an exception to the rule that the book version is better. I have watched The Shining more than once. I really like the movie, The Shining. I think The Shining is a scary movie.", "I admire Jack Nicholson as an actor.", "I do not keep up with entertainment news as much as I used to."], "current_conv": ["I finally got around to watching The Shining because I couldn't stop thinking about it since we talked about it. I am so glad I did! I really liked it.", "I love the thrillers and so glad you got to experience that.  You may want to eventually read The Stand as it is amazing too.", "I must say thank you for suggesting me this kind of movie. If you did not tell me, I wouldn't watch it. I really enjoyed the movie. From now on I trust your taste, so I am gonna check The Stand soon", "I love to watch them over and over and see something new in them every time.  If you are interested in Sockeye I can get you some from our fish market.  I would have loved ot grow up in Alaska.", "Aww you're so nice. thank you I will buy from you, since I need to buy them. Please tell me when is the good time to pick them from you", "In two days we will have some ready.  Just pop on by and I'll have them for you.  What types of ways do you plan to prepare the fish?", "got it. As my diet, I have to boil them in water. I love to fry or grill them but my diet won't accept at this time. How about you, what types of way do you prefer to eat fish?", "I love fried fish with cajun or old bay seasoning, but smoked fish is great too.", "Same same. I love to eat smoked fish. So what movies have you been watching lately?", "The Good Son was quite a thriller. I watched it the other day. You may enjoy that one. How about you? Which other movies have you seen?", "The Good Son is what a name. I like the name so I need to check it out lol. I've been quite busy, so didn't watch movies.", "I like also the movie IT.  IT is scary!!! You could try that one because it is so exciting."], "history_conv": [["Hello! What do you like to do?", "Well, hello there! I love hanging out in the library.", "Nice. I am a runner myself.", "I am always running to the library lol.", "Haha. My parents raised me in alaska so I had to run to keep warm!", "Yeah, but an igloo would keep you warm too then you can ice fish.", "I'm actually a big meat eater. But fish ain't too bad either! Do you like fish?", "I didn't know fish wasn't meat and protein! What type is it?", "I don't consider fish a meat... You would think growing up in alaska....haha.", "I love fish, its the most plentiful food available.", "Good point. What do you do for a job?", "I'm a food critic at a fish market."], ["What are the books you have read in these days?", "Mostly Stephen King books.", "Which ones have you been reading?", "All the Stephen King books as I just told you.", "So you just read Stephen King books and don't know the titles?", "I have read so many I do not remember their titles.", "Ah, I see. How have things been going at the Fish market? Any good salmon for sale?", "Yes we have great salmon and it is always for a good price.", "I'm looking to buy a big quantity of Sockeye if you guys have any for sale.", "We have some Sockeye coming in tomorrow. How much do you need to buy?", "I want to buy 20 pounds of it for my new diet. Do you guys cut it up and seal it for the freezer?", "Yes we do that for you and 20 pounds is no problem. We can have it ready for you when you stop by."], ["So what is your favorite book? Could you recommend something interesting to read?", "My favorite would be The Stand by Stephen King. It's much better than any of those TV shows they made.", "I really like Stephen King as well. I have not read The Stand yet, but I have read part of the Dark Tower series, and some of his other standalone novels.", "I love that series. It's really untouchable. I used to read those by myself when I was a kid. I didn't really have anyone else.", "Did you ever read The Shining? It's one of his most famous books.", "Yes! That's actually one of the books that translated to the big screen well. The adaptation of The Shining is probably my favorite movie.", "Believe it or not, I actually haven't seen the movie yet, but I really would love to at some point.", "You really should. It's the right level of scary. I was watching it once and it scared the pants off of my kids. Had to turn it off right away.", "Is it pretty violent? There are so many scenes in the book where one of the characters sees blood everywhere. I am guessing the movie is the same?", "Yeah, there's a little bit of violence. It's mostly just psychological. Jack Nicholson does an amazing job. I love that guy.", "Yeah, he does a great job with everything he is involved in. Can't wait to see what he does next.", "Is he still even acting anymore? I should check IMDB. I used to go on that site all the time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the outdoors. I like to run.", "My job is painting animal portraits. I like pandas. I like red pandas.", "I live in Miami.  My mom is a nurse.", "I like rock music.", "I'm a fan of Sufjan Stevens.", "I like to take my time when moving into a new space.", "I go running regularly in non-urban areas. I pay attention to my surrounding when I run.", "I know something about bobcats.", "I postpone filing my taxes. I prioritize saving my money."], "partner_persona": ["I like to run.", "I am a tax accountant. I am busy.", "I recently moved. I live in an apartment.", "I like Sufjan Stevens.", "I find it cathartic to carefully and slowly set up my new space.I have been too busy to focus on moving in as much as I would like to.", "I think bobcats are cute but I respect that they are actually dangerous animals.", "I am interested in cool videos, including about animals. I experience insomnia.", " I have to deal with clients filing their taxes late. I make sure to file my taxes as early as possible.", "I enjoy being able to take care of a lot of work in a short amount of time."], "current_conv": ["I decided to paint a bobcat on the spur of the moment, which I've never done before, and it's coming along great!", "Well that is terrific news. I'd love to see it when you finish. When do you think that will be?", "I think in about a week i should be done with it. I am taking my time because I have never done it before and I do not want to mess it up. I would love for you to see it when its finished. Maybe you can come by one day. After it is all done.", "Excellent! I will definitely come by. What about a week from tomorrow?", "That sounds like sounds good. If i run into any problems and can not finish it by then I will let you know. Maybe you can come by around dinner time and I can order take out or something.", "I'm down for that. Should we do pizza, Chinese, or Thai?", "I like all of them what is your favorite?", "Right now, I've been eating as much Thai food as possible. I've become completely obsessed with green curry. But we can also wait until next week and make a decision that night depending on how we're feeling. How does that sound? ", "That sounds good. Because something may sound good but next week we may not want it. Do you order that out a lot or do you go to the place and eat?", "Lately been ordering in a lot. We can go out if you'd prefer though? ", "We can decide that next week all so. Because it could be raining and who want to go out in the rain.", "True. I am excited to see your painting. I am also excited to eat! I love dinner! Let's say 7?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I'm just finishing a painting of a pug!", "That sounds fun! I don't paint, but I like running.", "I'm at the beach because nature is a great backdrop and good for running.", "That's true. What do you do for work?", "I'm an animal portraitist inspired by rock music. You??", "I'm a tax accountant, so I'm busy now because it's tax season..", "Cool, are acrylic paints tax and rock albums deductable??", "Depends on if you use them for your work! Where do you live?", "In miami because my mother works in nursing at a hospital here.", "That makes sense. I just moved into a new place myself.", "Where do you live and does it have nature?", "I'm in an apartment, so no nature. What music do you listen to?", "A lot of eighties rock like guns and roses and bon jovi. You?", "I like sufjan stevens a lot."], ["Have you ever seen Sufjan Stevens live?", "No, that is one of my dreams though.", "Yeah he is amazing, the next time he is close by i will take you to see him.", "Woah that would be amazing! Thank you! Hey hows those animal portraits going?", "You're welcome. They going well thank you. I going to a panda sanctuary next week to do some paintings of them should turn out well hopefully.", "That sounds pretty fun. Are pandas your favorite?", "They are for sure one of mine. Especially the baby pandas. They are super cute and so tiny.", "Oh i know, its amazing they grow to be so big!", "Yes they really do. What is your favorite animal?", "Well not a real panda heh but the red panda!", "Omg yes red pandas are so freaking adorable. Im going to do a portrait for you.", "Now that i would be greatly in your debt!"], ["Have you settled into your new apartment?", "Not yet. I'm still unpacking. I like taking my time. It really relaxes me to set everything up perfectly in a new place.", "I agree with that, I like to slowly feel it out whenever I am adjusting to a new home or place that I spend a lot of time in.", "Yeah, I only wish I had more time! See anything cool on your runs lately?", "I see a lot of wildlife usually. Mostly its just birds and squirrels. One time I saw a bobcat though.", "A bobcat? I love those things. They're so cute. I wouldn't want to tangle with one though. Have they gotten close?", "No, they normally keep their distance. They are incredibly athletic. You can find videos of them on the internet jumping 12 feet into a tree to grab a bird.", "Oh my God! I'll have to check that out on one of my nightly YouTube binges when I can't sleep. LOL", "How has your job been going? Since you are into tax accounting, does it normally pick up a lot around the Spring?", "Yeah, we get a lot of people filing their taxes late. I make sure to file mine the second it's possible with the government, personally.", "I have to admit that I don't usually do mine right away, haha. I almost always put my tax return into my savings account or investment account, so I am not itching to get my hands on it right away.", "A lot of people feel the same. It's good for me because I get a bulk of the work all at once!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a struggling artist. I am struggling to make money with my art.", "I don't want a job with a boss. I don't want to work odd jobs because I don't like being bossed around.", "I hope to get into the music industry. I'm a jazz musician. I don't think it's easy to be a jazz musician these days. I really like classic jazz musicians and singers.", "I do volunteer work. I am grateful.", "I have a cat."], "partner_persona": ["I have a cat and two dogs. I painted a picture of my pets. I have a cat named Tiggy and a dog named Zelda.", "I am a painter. I study art at community college. I volunteer in my community.", "I was a starving artist for 20 years. I hope to be a nurse.", "I want to save up money so I can go to college to train to be a nurse. I used to struggle financially. I used to rely on my family and friends for support when I was an artist. I also used to work some odd jobs. I had government help.", "I sometimes don't want to be bossed around by my professors.", "I love jazz music. I paint impressionist paintings. I really like Van Gogh, Picasso, and Salvador Dali.", "I like to help others."], "current_conv": ["I got a steady gig at a restaurant!", "That is awesome. When do you start? Maybe I can come watch.", "I start tomorrow, I am a bit nervous as I have no experience with working in a restaurant or with a boss that supervises me.", "Don't be nervous. You love playing music so just sit back and enjoy it.", "I suppose, hopefully I can still have time for my other interests. I still want to do volunteer work at a regular basis.", "How many days do they have you preforming? I am sure you will still get time to do that.", "I am working part time for now, so only five days a week and not on the weekends. Although they did mention I might have to be on call for certain weekends that have events or special occasions.", "Then make sure you volunteer on the weekend unless you know it is a holiday. I am sure you will get your time. ", "Thats the plan, I am sure I can make it work if I plan out my time carefully. Have you painted any impressionist works recently?", "I am in the middle of a piece right now. Having some issues finishing it.", "I can relate to that, sometimes I experience a creativity block while I am finishing up a piece, and I can't think of a way to end a song that I feel meets my standards.", "We are always our hardest critic. Everyone loves my pieces, but at times I don't like them at all."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am looking for new ideas for a painting.", "That's cool! I just painted a picture of my cat and two dogs..", "Lovely, are you painter too?", "Yes I volunteer in my community and study art at a community college.", "That is cool, I am struggling artist right now. Haven't hit a big project.", "I was a starving artist for 20 years but now I am hoping to be a nurse.", "Cool, I am hoping to get into the music industry.", "Good luck! I tried for a long time. The odds are like winning the lottery.", "I heard, I am just trying to make more money.", "Now with streaming services, even the big names don't make money.", "That is right, I just don't want a job with a boss.", "I know how that is. You have to market your music just right to earn a little."], ["So are you going back to college to train to be a nurse?", "I hope so! I want to finish my current art courses and save up some money first. Money has been tight lately but it's getting better with time. How has art income been for you lately?", "Just horrible!! I can't anything going on. I am just flat broke. You know that feeling, right??", "Oh, I've been there many times before. You should try finding some other sources for money because the art industry can be fickle sometimes. Is there anything else you might have an interest in?", "Only music!! That is my thing. How did you endured so many years as an strugling artist?", "I had to rely on a lot of help from family and friends a lot of the time. I also worked some odd jobs and had to use some help from the government. They were tough years but eventually rewarding", "Your  life story is really inspiring, but working odd jobs is hard for me.I can't stand someone bossing me around", "That makes sense. I even feel the same way sometimes with my professors at community college. What type of music are you trying to make?", "I am a jazz musician, and that is the problem!! Jazz is not very popular nowadays. What about you? What is your style of painting?", "Oh cool! I love jazz! I currently mostly paint portraits, but in the past I've also done impressionist paintings. Who are some of your favorite musicians?", "The classics one. Bessie Smith, Billie Holiday, Duke Ellington, Ella Fitzgerald. And your favorite painters are?", "My two favorites are Van Gogh and Picasso! And I really love Salvador Dali too. Do you ever go to jazz shows?"], ["How's your studies going? Do you have a lot of homework?", "It's not too bad. It's tough, but reasonable. I've definitely lived through harder times before, but I'm still getting used to listening to professors again. How has jazz been going for you lately?", "It has been going pretty well. I am seeing more and more interest in my performances, but I am still not doing well enough to make a full-time gig out of it.", "Oh, that's too bad. I'm certain it can be a tough industry, but getting any exposure at all is probably really helpful. It's important that you're comfortable and secure enough to perform and practice effectively though", "Yeah, I am just feeling really motivated lately to try my hardest and see everything work out. I hate working for other people.", "I understand that. I used to be the same way, but I've accepted more lately that I might have to sometimes take orders to get everything I want in life. That's part of being a nurse, after all. I like to be as independent as possible in my art though", "As a nurse though that must be really rewarding, being able to use what you have learned to help people feel better again.", "That's true! I guess that's part of what I have to look forward to, and a more stable income. Is there anything you like to do to help those around you?", "I volunteer at a food bank a couple of times a month when I am not busy. I feel fortunate to be healthy and at least be able to live like I do, so I try give back when I can.", "I think that's wonderful. I've had to visit food banks a few times in my life when everything else fell through, but I'm more fortunate now, thankfully.", "What are the names of your cat and dog? I have a cat myself.", "My cat's name is Tiggy, and I have one dog named Zelda and one named George. They're wonderful! What's your cat's name?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am getting older so get tired more easily.", "I once got a traffic ticket. I like following the law. I feel tired to do crimes.", "I've been working the same job for a while now, but I'm content.", "I am a man. I'm married and no longer young.  I'm going on a vacation. I love my wife."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Florida. I have an airboat.", "My wife left me and has not contacted me ever since.I got arrested for over hunting. My kids got killed by a gator. I went hunting for gators. I once gotten bit by a gator.", "I like hanging out with women for fun.", "I don't want to have a routine of working and going home. I want excitement.", "I am divorced. I like to make jokes. I use humor to mask the sadness. I go on dates. I am single. I date online through Tinder.", "My ex wife hates me. I was irresponsible with my children."], "current_conv": ["So how did your tinder date go?", "She was great! We had fun! I don't understand why she won't return my calls now. I thought she may be the one to replace my wife.", "I'm happy to hear that it went well! What did you do on the date? I'd love to hear more about it. And don't worry, I'm sure she will return your calls eventually! I'm sure she's just busy. ", "I took her out to a really nice dinner. She did not offer to pay. Still, I decided she was pretty enough to take on my four wheeler. I did some cow tipping. She laughed but refused to join, but I think she was not feeling well. Asked that I take her home soon after. ", "Some cow tipping? Oh my gosh! That sounds like a very fun and unique date. Do you think she was maybe too nervous to do that with you? I think I would be.", "If so, she should have said something. She had plenty of time when we got stuck in a swamp on the way there. It was pitch black and the four-wheeler basically fell right in. She was pretty good at pushing me out of there.", "She must be a strong woman! haha. How cool, though. I hope she calls you back soon so you can have another fun date! You deserve it after the challenges you've had with your wife. ", "Ugh. Man, she just texted and ask that I stop calling her before she has to take out a restraining order. The nerve of some people!! I think I will head over to her place to sort this out in person. ", "Oh no! Do you really think you should go to her place, though? That doesn't sound like a good idea. You don't want to be too abrasive and make her uncomfortable. ", "Well, she is asking for it if she does not want to talk on the phone. I will bring her a couple dozen roses or something. That will win her over and then I can tell her why she should be my new wife.", "Well, you could try that, but I don't think it's a good idea. She might end up calling the police on you! Be careful, okay? ", "Do you want to call her and let her know I am a good guy?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going?", "Not bad, just a bit hungry. Yourself?", "Doing ok here, just got home from work.", "Hard job? Leave you exhausted?", "Yea, I'm getting a bit older so I get tired more easily. What do you do?", "I'm a gator hunter. Sounds dangerous, but good eats.", "Hahaha. That's crazy, where do you live? My kids would love that.", "Down in florida. In the marsh area though, why I got my airboat.", "Cool, you live alone or with family?", "Wife left me when I got arrested last. So, just me. You looking?", "Ha. I'm a dude, so no sorry. What'd you get arrested for?", "Over hunting last time, dui time before.", "You're a mess dude, gotta get it together. No kids?", "Not anymore. I'll hunt the gator that did them in. I swear it."], ["Wow, that's so crazy, so did you kids get eaten by the gator?", "Not eaten, but the bite was so powerfull they died of blood loss.", "I'm so sorry for your loss, man. That's terrible. Have you ever been bitten?", "Once of twice!! Do not even try yourself to hunt for Gators!!You being so old, you for sure would get hurt", "The worst bite I ever got was a mosquito - gave me West Nile virus. How long did you stay in jail.", "Just a couple days. Have you ever being in jail??", "No I've never had more than a traffic ticket. I tend to stay on the right side of the law. And too tired to do crimes these days. So did your wife leave you because of the gator hunting?", "My wife had a nervous breakdown and left me. She blamed me for the whole thing and we never saw each other again", "That's really sad. Seems like you've given up a lot for your gators. Is it worth it? I think I'll stick to my boring old job.", "I still hunt for fun.I do not want to end up an old tired man like you", "We all get old sometime, brother. At least I still have my limbs and my wife. I hope you'll be careful.", "Thanks for worrying about me. I just do want to be those people that work and go home. I can't stand a dull life"], ["Work is so tiring that I'm searching for vacation spots to go with my wife.", "LOL, I'm still searching for my wife! Because she left me. Ha. Get it?", "Yeah! That's funny and a little sad at the same time. I hope it wasn't a difficult one.", "Yeah. If I don't laugh, I'll cry. I got a hot date later, so I don't want to lose my confidence.", "Is it someone you are going out with for the first time, or is this a follow-up date? Sounds like fun.", "I just met her. I love using Tinder. There's so many possibilities out there. This will be our first meeting. You ever wish you could go out dating again or is married life treating you well?", "I love my wife very much, but I have to say that the thrill of the chase was always the best feeling when I was younger, that's what I miss about being single.", "Yeah, it's a toss up. Dating can be hard. But it's also hard when your wife runs off with her accountant and leaves an upper decker in your toilet just as one last big \"screw you.\" I mean, seriously?", "That is so not cool, what did you ever do to deserve that?", "Killing too many animals? I mean, is that really a crime?", "Depends on how you do it, where you do it, and when you do it I suppose haha.", "Well, it was either that or when I let the kids get into that gator enclosure. In my defense, they did a lousy job of luring that thing out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a beach lifeguard. I don't know much about mechanics.", "I do karate as a hobby. I have been in karate for a few years.", "I am in a relationship but we have no kids yet. I have a girlfriend that I want to propose to. I'm planning to surprise her with a big event.", "I love horror movies.", "I want to learn about cars since it might be handy.", "I've been saving up for the ring.  I don't make a lot of money.", "I've been with my girlfriend for three years."], "partner_persona": ["I have been sober for over a year now.", "I own Mark's Mechanic and More. I fix cars and paint them. I do not race cars.", "I inherited the shop from my dad. My dad was a big drinker too.", "I read baby books. We are expecting a baby. I feel stressed. I have a wife.", "I like movies that involve speeding cars."], "current_conv": ["I am really excited, I think I came up with the perfect way to propose to my girlfriend!", "Oh my god! This is so exciting, well done! What's the plan???", "I arranged for everyone to sing a birthday song to her about halfway through the party, and after the end of the song, I will drop to one knee and say, \"And will you marry me now?\" I foresee this having a great effect. I'm delighted everyone agreed to go along.", "Oh that's so nice. Based on what you've told me about her it sounds like she'll love it. And yeah i think the party will make things so much more special.  I forgot to ask earlier where you're planning on having the party?", "It will be at her place, because what better place to be surprised than at your own home. She doesn't like attention, but this is somewhat expected attention she would have got anyways on her birthday. This is the first surprise birthday party I will have been too. Have you ever been to one", "Yeah that's definitely a good plan, it will be so nice to have that memory in your home too. Do you plan on staying where you are when you get married? And yes, I've actually been to a few. I've always been a bit nervous ahead of them but they all worked out really nicely!", "I haven't thought through where I will stay yet. I figure I should wait until I can discuss it with her. How did you propose to your wife?", "Oh I certainly do as good a job as you will. We had just finished high school and it was a big kegger actually. I'm surprised she said yes. I never hear the end of it haha ", "Wow, that's wild. Is your wife the first girlfriend you had? My wife is the second girlfriend I had. She went to a different high school than I went to.", "Not my first girlfriend, but certainly the only serious one. We've been together since we were fourteen! I love my wife obviously but I feel like the fact you've lived different lives for a while is probably a good thing. Have you guys talked about kids? ", "Yes, a few times. We both definitely want some. I really hope my marriage goes well. My parents were high school sweethearts and so were my grandparents on my father's side. My father worked at a radio station and proposed to her at a time he knew she would be listening, and asked her to call in to respond.", "Oh that's a good one. I wish I had spent a little more time thinking and came up with something like that or your plan. Exciting about kids though! And I'm sure it will, you guys sound like a really good match!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing?", "Goood, been sober for over a year now. You?", "Congratulations on the sobriety! I'm good. What is your job?", "I own mark's mechanic and more, ever heard of it?", "No, I haven't. I'm a beach lifeguard, so I don't know about mechanics.", "I inherited the shop from my dad who was a big drinker too..", "What are your hobbies? I do karate.", "I read baby books because we got one in the oven.", "Congratulations! I'm in a relationship, but no kids yet.", "Lucky, I feel more stressed since I can't drink away the nerves!", "What kind of movies do you like? I love horror movies.", "Anything involving speed cars is my thing.", "That sounds like fun. Do you race cars?", "No I just fix them and sometimes give them paint jobs."], ["I'm thinking of proposing to my girlfriend soon but I want to plan a surprise and make it a real big event!", "Wow, congrats. You should throw in your experience as being a life gaurad somewhere into your proposal. Maybe stage something and make it epic.", "Good idea. I could incorporate karate into it somehow? Lol. Did you do any car work today?", "Been a slow day but was able to change out the A/C compressor on my Nissan Pathfinder. Glad to have cold air again with the summer. How long have you been practicing karate?", "A few years now. Which seems like a long time but I'm still only a beginner! I sure wish I knew a thing or two about cars. Would be real handy.", "Learning the basics with anything is your starting point. Like air filter changes, rotae/change a tire or oil changes. They are simple enough to get your confidence built up.", "Makes sense. Guess it's all about making the time and effort, right? I should try it sometime.", "You should but focus on how you will propose to your partner. Maybe during a drive in horry flic and have it stop and focus on you two.", "Aren't you the romantic?! You're full of ideas. You should be a proposal planner, haha.", "Haha yeah my wife has had me watch the Proposal, wedding planner and what ever other wedding movie out there.", "Well you've clearly paid plenty of attention! Lucky lady, lol.", "Yup and looking forward to our little one to be a lucky father to as well."], ["I'm going to start shopping for a ring next week.", "Woooooo! That is extremely exciting. Does she have any idea?", "Of course not! I have been trying my very hardest to keep it a secret. I need it to be a surprise for her. I have been saving up for a ring for quite some time now, but I'm not sure what to get yet.", "I had it easy. My wife basically told me what to get. Maybe you can ask one of her friends if she's brought it up?", "That's not a bad idea. I know she would prefer something simple, probably, but her best friend probably knows better than I do! I don't make a lot of money as a lifeguard, but cost really isn't a problem for me.", "That's the route you should go. Great that she is getting something simple. When will you propose?", "Her birthday is in a few months, and I was thinking of having a surprise party with all her friends and family there. I figured that could be a good night to do it, but I still haven't decided on HOW I'm going to do it.", "Yeah, that's the tough part. Maybe something simple for that too?", "Yeah, I know with her, to never over-do things. She doesn't like too much attention, or hype. She's a simple girl who likes the simple things in life, and that's what I love about her. She never makes it too hard for me!", "That's perfect then. Do a one knee simple proposal. She'll love it. Will you two try to get married quickly or will there be a long planning period?", "I don't want to rush it. We've only been together 3 years still, and I figure there is still a lot we are learning about each other. I think an engagement  would be a good test of our relationship, and might even bring us even closer together planning a wedding! I am confident that she will say yes."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like watching movies on Netflix. I watched Spiderman.", "I am a senior citizen. I have eight grand kids.", "I have a mother who used to be a librarian.", "I am a quiet person.", "I like the Ramones. I used to go to Rutgers University. I stayed at a dorm. I watched the Ramones perform at the festival in my college from my dorm room. My dorm wasn't coed.", "I like watching the Queen's Gambit show."], "partner_persona": ["I love watching movies. I watch videos on Youtube.", "I work at a warehouse.", "I stay to myself.", "My favorite punk rock band is the Puddle Monkeys. I haven't been to a concert for the Puddle Monkeys.", "I like some of the Ramones.", "I used to go to a trade school near my home. I didn't finish my studies though.", "I don't have a netflix account.", "I have a low paying job. I manage my money.", "I am usually busy.", "I like music,gaming, and comedy content."], "current_conv": ["Do you have any punk rock bands I can recommend to my grand-kid?", "yes! have they ever heard of puddle monkeys? I love them!", "No, I've never heard of the bank \"Puddle Monkeys\". What groups are they like?", "they sound kind of like the sex pistols. they're really good. you'd like them I think! what's your favorite ramones song?", "I know it's kind of cliche, but \"Blitzkrieg Bop\" is my favorite Ramones song. What's yours?", "I haven't really listented to them! I will listen to that one though. :-) did you get to watch a lot of concerts from your form?", "I'm not sure what you meant...from my dorm? No concerts from my dorm but we did have them in the quad occasionally. Some of the bands were good, but obviously no punk. The university rec committee did have sme early ska, though", "yes, yes, from your dorm. typo there. you said you were able to see the ramones from your dorm so I wondered if you'd seen anywhere else. what ska bands played there?", "My mistake, when I said that I meant I watched them on the university's in house tv channel.  I remember one ska band was called The Uptones. I really enjoyed them! ", "ohh okay! that makes sense. I thought maybe you had a view of the quad. never heard of the uptones -- what's their sound like?", "It was like punk mixed with reggae mixed with two tone (if you know what that is)...this is going way back so I don't remember. Also I forgot I DID watch a concert from my dorm, kind of, we snuck up to the roof and could see the quad from there. ", "I don't know much about two tone -- what's it like? can you explain it to me?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing?", "Good how about you?", "Great, I was just watching a movie on netflix, I love netflix.", "I love watching movies,wich one?", "Spiderman, but one of the old ones. I am kind of old, a senior citizen.", "Okay,im watching my youtube video jammin too some punk rock.", "One of my eight grandchildren likes punk rock.", "Do they like pizza and burgers too?", "Of course they do, even my mother who used to be a librarian likes burgers.", "Oh I like going for a cruise after I get done at the wharehouse.", "Sounds great but not for me, I am kind of quiet person.", "Yeah I gotcha im kinda the same I stay to my self allot.", "You sound like a nice person, I am glad we have the chit chat.", "Ya you as well,good luck in your endevors."], ["Which punk rock band is your favorite?", "The Puddle Monkeys. What is yours?", "I am not much of a punk rock person, but I do like the Ramones.  Do they count as punk rock?", "Close enough!  I like some of the Ramones.", "Have you ever been to a Puddle Monkeys concert?", "No, they've never gotten close enough to where I live. Were you ever at a Ramones concert?", "Technically no, but when I was in college, they played a festival and I could see the stage from my dorm room.", "That would be cool!  I'd enjoy going to a concert like that.  Watching them live without leaving my room.  That would be ideal!", "It was great because could enjoy the music, and enjoy some cold beer in the comfort of the dorm room.  At the time, I was too young to be served alcohol.", "That would make it even better!  Where did you go to school?", "I went to Rutgers University.  It was quite a while ago and at the time, dorms were not coed yet!", "I only went to trade school near home, but I never finished."], ["Have you watched the new movies out on Netflix? I just watched one and highly recommend it.", "You know I love watching movies! But right now I only currently watch videos on YouTube. Would you recommend that I get a Netflix account?", "Yes I would. There are a lot of really good exclusive shows and movies that Netflix makes. Some of them are great.", "Hmm, that's interesting. Are there any that you would recommend to me currently? And how much is it to create a Netflix account? I don't make a lot of money working at the warehouse, and I'm trying to save up.", "The most basic plan is $8.99 a month. I think it's worth it. I would highly recommend Queen's Gambit, great show.", "I think $8.99 is something I could afford. I might get it tonight if I can find a little free time. Do you think they have any titles about punk rock on there? I've been on a huge punk rock kick all year long.", "I am not sure, but I'm sure they probably have something related to that. There is really something for everyone there.", "That's awesome. I feel the same way about YouTube, but it's mostly shorts, or indie content. There isn't a lot of full-length content on there that isn't copyright infringement. I'm excited to check it out.", "What kinds of things do you normally watch on Youtube? I have heard that it is a great place for all the latest music videos.", "I watch a lot of music videos and documentaries. Mostly things about punk rock and the Puddle Monkeys. I also enjoy a lot of gaming content, as well as comedy. There isn't a lot in terms of movies, though.", "Yeah, I'd imagine that movie producers would not approve of having their creations on platform where everting is free.", "Well, I don't think it's free. Content creators earn money from the advertising revenue generated for the website, so both parties win."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a big country music fan.", "It's too cold here for furniture shopping. Winter is my favourite season.", "I live on a corn and bean farm so I have lots of animals.", "I love driving trucks and tractors. I love barbecues as well.", "I don't think purple is a good color for furniture. I am not an interior decorator. I think neon pink and lavender would go well with green. I would enjoy creatively painting a house.", "I understand how to grill and use seasonings. I love grilled corn with cheese and mayo."], "partner_persona": ["I have 2 dogs.", "I like to barbecue. I like grilling steak and hotdogs.", "I work near a mall by my house.", "I am renovating my house. I recently bought new furniture. I regret my choices in furniture. I went with a green and purple color scheme.I need to buy some brightly colored pillows for my couch. I don't like a green and purple color scheme.", "I prefer charcoal grilled meats.", "I love corn straight from the farm."], "current_conv": ["i just bought some new furniture.  I think it fits well in my house.", "Nice! What did you end up buying?", "I got a new couch and recliner, and then some new patio furniture.  I'm hoping to enjoy some more quiet evenings outside this summer.", "A quiet evening with some barbeque and a cold one by the fire sounds perfect right about now.", "Yes, that was my thinking, too.  I'd like to get in the habit of grilling and eating outside most nights when the weather permits.  I'm hoping the new furniture helps me be more consistent with it.", "I think it will definitely encourage it. But even if you don't grill most nights, you could probably make enough barbeque to have left overs for a couple nights. That's usually what I do, because I don't really have the time or energy to grill every night.", "That's a good idea.  On nights when I'm grilling I'll probably enjoy it even more, but even when I don't have the time or energy I can still eat out there with some leftovers and still appreciate it.  You should come over and help break in the new stuff.", "Oh I would love to! There's actually a new marinade I've been wanting to try, so I'll I get a few cuts of meat marinating in that and bring that those over along with a six pack.", "That sounds like a great night.  We'll have to pick a night when the weather is really good.  I've got things set up so we can play music and enjoy the food and company without worrying about bugs or anything like that.", "That sounds like a plan to me! Speaking of the bugs, what are you using to keep them out? The bugs over at my place seem to be getting used to what I've been using.", "I use a few different devices and they seem to work well, including some lamps.  I'll go find the actual product names and get them to you.  But if all else fails, I've got some old fashioned bug spray that does the job!", "Haha, see all I've been using was the bug spray. I need to get a couple of lamps and maybe some of those candles they used to advertise on tv. Remember those?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, big country music fan here. What are you up to?", "Hey, that is awesome! I'm currently searching around for a furniture shop to buy furniture.", "Furniture shopping eh? Bit cold here for that. Sad that winter's ending though, my favorite season.", "Trying to buy furniture safe for my two dogs! I love pets, you have any pets?", "Yup, I live on a corn and bean farm, so lots of animals!", "Nice, a farm! I love to barbecue, especially grilling steak and hotdogs.", "Oo, sounds good. I like driving trucks and tractors, country boy here. Love bbqing as well.", "I work near a mall by my house, wish I could live that country lifestyle down here.", "You should come down and visit, we could blast some country music.", "I'd love that. Once I am done renovating my house we should meet in person.", "Sounds good. What are you doing with your home?", "Buying furniture for it, house isn't quite up to my living standards with my pets."], ["How is the house coming along, did you pick out some new furniture?", "Yeah I think so, although I can't decide if they will go or not.", "Why not? What is making you doubt them?", "Its the colours really. They looked great in the store but when I got them back it doesn't feel right. The sofas are purple.", "Uh. Purple? Uh hum. I could have told you that was not an amazing choice lol. But you said you were renovating. Did you at least update that old paint to something more vibrant to go with it? That might help. Or if it is a royal purple, you could find some gold colored tables and curtains and make it work.", "I painted first, which was a light green colour. The purple looked so good in store though lol. Do you think I should repaint to match?", "Depends on the color. Dark royal purple would look ok with like blood red or some other dark color. Green and purple could go together if you find a way to get the shades right and marry them. Idk. I am not an interior decorator though am I. Maybe I am actually clueless lol.", "Yeah, its not a dark green. More of a pastel. It sounds like we are both clueless. I might just leave it and claim I am colour blind.", "Or you could add a few random splashes of like neon pink and lavender to the wall. Get some outlandish curtains and hang up a bead door to the room and call it the chill room where colors mesh and collide to make an inspiring hippy feel. Idk", "I like the way you are thinking. Want to come over and splash some colour all over the place?", "Ohhh yes! I would love to do that. Maybe you could even get some on the couches or on the wood furniture just for fun. Or instead of the couches, get some throw pillows and splash on them!", "Awesome, I think we may have found a solution. I just need to go back out to the store any buy brightly coloured pillows."], ["After seeing the progress you made on your house I've been inspired to redecorate. Do you want to help me pick out some things for my house?", "Sure, I could do that. You still like purple furniture?", "I always like purple furniture. I know you used some purple. Anything you want to offload if you don't like it?", "I regret my green and purple scheme, so. I'd have no problem giving you all of my purple stuff once I replace it!", "Perfect. Do you want to try to meet up to go over what you've got to get rid of?", "Of course. Just not this weekend since I plan to grill some steaks. Any barbecue tips you can offer?", "Season everything first. Use a smoker if you've got it. I only use charcoal. What kind of grill are you using?:", "I'm using an old charcoal grill. I bought a gas one recently, but I just love the flavor of the meat cooked on charcoal.", "I have never liked gas. I think it is simultaneously not as good for flavor and too easy to do it. I want to work for my meal. I have no clue why. You grilling corn? I am obsessed with grilling corn with mayo and cheese.", "I love grilling corn, but I prefer to get the corn straight from the farm. It just has a better taste than the processed stuff they have at stores.", "Agreed. It is little early for good corn, but a few more weeks should do. You should try it with cotija and mayo. It's surprisingly good.", "I'll give it a shot. You live on a corn farm, right? Is it hard to manage?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love exercise. I like running.", "I live in Oregon. I have 2 daughters.", "I majored in psychology in college.", "I don't eat dairy or gluten.", "I love the country.", "I have 6 dogs. I have 2 cats named Dion and Celine.I rode horses when I was a teenager. I go running with my dogs. I live in an area with horses.", "I live on the west side of the US."], "partner_persona": ["I like riding horses. I like horses more than dogs. I have 2 horses named Raya and Maya. I don't have kids. I have many siblings.", "I didn't go to college. I live with my parents near the beach.", "I don't have any food restrictions. I want a country house and big kitchen.", "I have asthma. I have an inhaler.", "I live in South Beach, South Carolina. I am a true East Coaster.", "I have long hair."], "current_conv": ["What do you like the most about the east coast?", "I love all the beaches. Do you have a lot of beaches by you?", "Yes! The Oregon coast is beautiful! It's usually pretty chilly to be going for a swim though!", "That sucks that is a to cold for a swim. It is always hot here. That why I am at the beach a lot.", "That sounds nice! It's usually cool enough that I can enjoy a nice run so that's good. Do you swim or surf at the beach?", "That is good that you are able to do a run. I do some of both I love surfing and also swimming. Do you usually run in the morning, mid day or afternoons/night time?", "I love to run early in the morning just as the sun is coming up. The early morning mist is so refreshing and beautiful. Are you a runner?", "I bet it is beautiful running in the morning time. I am not a running because of my asthma.", "Yeah that's a bummer! Do you feel like you have it under control?", "It does really suck. But I think I do have it under control sometimes. Sometimes surfing or swimming makes it act up but I just love doing that stuff. So I just deal with the asthma ", "That's good that you don't let it get you down! I would find that really frustrating.", "It is very frustrating at times but I learn different ways to manage it each day."], "history_conv": [["I love to excercise, especially running.", "I like riding horses more than running. Where do you live?", "I live in oregon and I have 2 daughters. Do you like dogs?", "I like horses more. I don't have kids, but I have many siblings.", "Did you attend college? I majored in psychology.", "I didn't attend college. Right now I live with my parents near the beach.", "I can't eat dairy or gluten. It upsets my stomach. Do you have any food restrictions?", "Not really. I want to buy a country house so I can have a huge kitchen.", "I love the country. Will you have many horses?", "I hope so! I love having horses. How about you, do you have many dogs?", "I have 6 dogs. I like them better than my 2 cats.", "That's a lot of dogs!"], ["Did you ride your horses near the beach?", "I haven't yet, I'm not ready to clean all the sand from my horses. Have you ever ridden a horse?", "I used to ride as a teenager i would love to start doing again, i just don't really know where to go by me.  How many horses do you own?", "Riding always used to hurt my legs so I can see why it would be tempting to stop. I have two horses, their names are Ray and Maya. Maya loves to chase squirrels whenever they enter the pasture!", "Omg they are the cutest names. It has always been my dream to have my own horse one day.", "Well, if you're ever in South Carolina, you're welcome to come visit them!  What are your cats named?", "Omg thank you so much I really appreciate the offer.  My cats are called Dion and Celine. They are very good and chilled out cats.", "Ha! Those are very good names! I assume you like the singer?", "I do but i didn't even realize i named them after her until someone pointed it out haha.", "Well, that's a very fortunate turn of events! Do you go running with any of your dogs?", "Yes i usually take two of them with me at a time and switch them around each day. They always have so much energy they need a good run, and its great for me too.", "Do you run just for fun or are you training for a race? I've never been much of one for running due to my asthma but I can see the appeal"], ["I just took a run and saw some horses along the way and thought of you. Have you been on any fun rides lately?", "I took my horse Raya to the beach yesterday!  She loved galloping through the water.", "That sounds so great! Does riding affect your asthma at all? I was looking into running with asthma and it can be done if you take it slow.", "Not really, I take my inhaler with me just in case.  You should come riding with me some time!", "That's a good idea. I would love to come riding with you! Whereabouts are you living?", "I'm out in South Beach in South Carolina.  I can pay for your plane ticket?", "Wow, you live on the other side of the country! I have always wanted to visit South Carolina, though. I have never been to the East coast besides going to Florida once.", "True east coasters don't consider Florida East Coast anyways.  Ha!  I can teach you some basic horse riding while you're out here.", "Oh really haha, why is that? That would be great. I would love to see the local attractions too, especially the beach.", "Florida is its own country haha.  Seeing the beach on horseback is something special.", "Ah I see haha. I have always wanted to go horseback riding on the beach, after seeing it in movies. It seems so romantic.", "I like when my long hair flows in the wind.  It feels like I truly am in a story."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am not a gamer.", "I did not vote in the primary.", "I live in Illinois.", "I enjoy taking hikes and going fishing.", "I have seen tornadoes. I know how to watch out for signs of bad weather.", "I own a boat and just got it registered.", "I live in the Great Lakes area.", "I have enough money to help others."], "partner_persona": ["I do daily surveys. I play games.", "I play league of legends. I love playing alistar. I love playing games with others.", "I didn't vote in the primary.", "I like to take surveys.", "I like the Spring time. I worry the summer heat may be too much. I recognize signs of bad weather.", "I live in LA and never had much money.", "I have a job with flexible vacation time."], "current_conv": ["How's the weather in California today?", "Its a bit humid today, but other wise seems to be alright. I don't expect a storm lol. How is Illinois? ", "Humidity sucks! Illinois isn't too bad, so far it's been pretty cool weather. How long have you been in LA?", "I'm not exactly sure lol. Some days, it seems like I have always been here. I am not looking forward to this summer though, I think it will get too hot. Do you like summer?", "I completely understand what you're saying! I love summertime because that's when I get to take my boat out on the water!! It's the best!! Have you ever been out on a boat before?", "No, I haven't. What is it like? ", "It's amazing! But it's only nice when the weather is good, like sunny but not too hot and not humid! If you ever come to visit Illinois, I'll take you out on the boat! Are you planning any vacation trips this summer?", "That sounds like a great offer, I appreciate that! I haven't yet had a chance to plan for vacations, I am waiting on my coworkers to see what will be available come mid-july. I would love to visit someplace cooler at the peak of the heat lol. What is there to do in Illinois?", "There are tons of things to do in Illinois! We have the Lincoln Park Zoo, the Navy Pier which is right along the Chicago Waterfront, the Anderson Japanese Gardens and so much more!! It would be a great visit for you!", "That does sound intriguing! I will have to look into that, thank you! Have you ever been out to Cali? We have some great hiking and fishing here, especially as you go north along the coast.", "I have not been to Cali yet, but I've been wanting to go! I would love to rent a boat out there and go fishing and hiking! What else do you recommend doing out there?", "There are alot of really good restaurants and fishing spots. I would recommend trying several of the fishing charters, they all specialize in different type of fish. There are a few aquariums as well, it would be an amazing trip! "], "history_conv": [["Hello.", "Hey there!", "I am spending time on turk while I decide what else to do today.", "I am doing my daily surveys before going to play some games!", "I enjoy hiking, so maybe I will go for a walk.", "Think I might play league of legends, might play alistar, love that champion! You ever play?", "No, I am not gamer,.", "Ah! You should try it sometime, I love playing with others the more the merrier!", "Did you vote in the primary? I did not! Should have, becuase..", "No I did not, tell me more about it.", "I live in il, worst state there is for politics.", "Really how come you feel that way? I live in california.", "Do you know how many former il governers are in jail? A lot.", "Wow really, anything else you would like to talk about?", "I will go for a walk, so see you later.", "Gonna play on my gaming laptop, you as well!"], ["Hey what have you been up to? I am guessing playing league of legends.", "Yes, I've been playing league of legends and alistar with friends! I've also been taking surveys and enjoying California. How about you?", "Oh ive been enjoying this beautiful weather by going on some hikes and fishing.", "Good to hear! I've been enjoying the nice weather here in California too. Happy it's Spring. What's it been like in Illinois?", "Pretty decent, no humidity and warm enough to get moving comfortably heh. Enjoying it before it gets too hot for summer.", "Yes, I worry about how hot it might get in California this Summer. It can get very humid here on the coast too", "Oh i bet, then you have that added danger of the wild fires.", "True! Do you have to worry about anything like that where you live?", "Well the fields can catch but not as much as out there, tornados though are big.", "I bet. I don't have to worry about tornadoes where I live. Has anything ever happened while you were hiking?", "No not really if youre careful. You just grow up learning the warning signs of mother nature.", "Yes that makes sense. You learn to be pretty careful about the weather here since California can have pretty volatile weather patterns"], ["I got the registration for my boat in the mail today. I can't wait to take it out on the river this weekend!", "What?!?!!  That sounds so cool.  Are you taking it out to the great lakes?", "I would love to take it out on Lake Michigan but I don't think I am ready for that quite yet. You should come visit in the summer and we can go boating. It's not as hot here as California in the summer so that should appeal to you.", "Ooh, definitely!  I've never ridden in a boat before.", "You live in California and have been been on a boat? Wow, why not? Whereabouts in California do you live?", "I'm in LA currently and have always been pretty poor.  Can my first time be on your boat?", "Oh, I am sorry to hear that. Of course, I would love to have you on my boat. I can pay for your plane ticket if you cannot afford it.", "Wow, that would be amazing!  When can I come?", "When are you available? Do you have a job that you need to book vacation time with?", "I can schedule time off whenever I want.  Maybe July?", "July would be perfect, you could come for the Independence Day holiday. There will be lots of cookouts and fireworks to celebrate.", "That would be great, I look forward to meeting everyone!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love books.", "I worked as a government paper pusher.", "I work in an office setting. I like my job.", "I have a pet lizard. I feed my pet crickets, meal worms and tomato worms for a treat. I have a 2 month old pet bearded dragon.I raised my lizard from a hatchling.", "I think bearded dragons are adorable. I think bearded dragons are easy to find in stores."], "partner_persona": ["I work as an assistant at a doctor's office. My job has great benefits and paid vacation.", "I would like to see a bearded dragon. I like reptiles. I do not want reptiles as a pet. I have a dog.", "I wouldn't take reptiles out of their cages if I had them as pets.", "I might be willing to own a bearded dragon."], "current_conv": ["I think I will get another hatchling so my bearded dragon will have a friend.", "That's interesting to hear, is your bearded dragon lonely? I know it can be pretty daunting for some pets to be living all by themselves, especially when your away from the house.", "Nah, this guy doesn't care. He's very self-absorbed. There's a mirror near him so I think he gets off on looking at himself. Does your dog not do well on their own?", "They do get lonely at times, but they mostly get by. They seem to enjoy my company the most, so I think getting another dog might make them jealous if they see me giving them less attention than normal.", "I've heard that, but I've also heard of people getting another dog so the two can then keep each other company. Maybe you just have to be sure to treat them equally? Dogs are so loving. You might want to use up one of those five star hotel vouchers from work before you get another dog.", "That is true, that voucher could easily come in handy. I think if I do want to get another dog, it would be a rescue as I would want to adopt a dog that is in need of a good home. Would you be fine adopting a bearded dragon as opposed to raising it from a hatchling?", "Totally; they are very low maintenance. They aren't as trainable as dogs are. Is your current dog a rescue? There are so many in need of good homes.", "They aren't a rescue from a shelter, but I did adopt them from a friend who couldn't keep them anymore. They were moving to an apartment that didn't allow for pets, and I was willing to take them and give them a good home.", "Aww, that's great. As far as I'm concerned, you rescued them. Any idea what breed they are?", "I know they are a mixed breed, they seem to be a mix of a scottish terrier with another type of dog, as they are much bigger than most terriers I have seen.", "Oh, how interesting. So what kind of doctor do you work for?", "I work as an assistant for an ophthalmologist, or a doctor that specializes in eyes. It can be a bit unnerving to see what kind of diseases you can get that affects your vision, and how untreatable certain diseases are."], "history_conv": [["Hi. How's your day going? Done anything fun?", "No I haven't but I wish I was at the ocean, I really like it.", "Ah, that would be nice. I'm just looking out at the arizona desert.", "Like the opposite of the ocean. Tell me about yourself.", "Well, I love books. Nothing like hanging out in a bookstore for a few hours.", "They still have bookstores? What do you do for work.", "Ha, yeah. For now. I'm a government paper pusher. You?", "I work at a doctor's office as an assistant.", "I bet that can be interesting. Meet lots of different people?", "Yes I do, but you seem more interesting.", "My pet lizard thinks so.", "That's really cool. What do they eat?."], ["How is it working in a doctor's office? Working as a paper pusher is a little slow but I like it so far.", "Just same as other office setting but its all a good job.", "Oh good benefits and such?", "i must confess it has a rewarding package like holiday pay with vouchers to redeem in a five star hotel", "Thats pretty nice, dont see that very often.", "I guess am lucky. what do you feed your pet with?", "Crickets and meal worms, sometimes as a treat those big tomato worms", "wow how big is your pet now?", "Well its a bearded dragon, only a 2 months old, about half a foot", "Wow how long have you own it for?", "Since it was pretty much a hatchling.", "wow really!! I might come pay you a visit to see it"], ["Do you like reptiles or have any pets of your own?", "I like reptiles, but would not like one as a pet! I do have a dog.", "Why wouldn't you want a reptile as a pet if you like them?", "I don't know if I would want one in the house as they are not something I would take out of the cage.", "Ah, I let me bearded dragon roam free sometimes and he seems to enjoy it.  He does make a mess though.", "I would love to see a bearded dragon in real life. I bet they are interesting to watch!", "They're adorable!  You can probably go to your local pet store and ask to hold one.", "That would be a great idea. I wonder how much they cost and how easy they are to get.", "I think they're usually around $30.  They're pretty easy to find in any big store.", "Oh wow, thats not a bad price at all. I was think that they are much more money than that!", "They are one of the cheapest reptiles you can own!  Have I convinced you yet?", "Yes, I might be willing to own one as a pet. Would you want more than one?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 3 cats and 2 dogs. I walk my dogs frequently.", "I work at the grocery store down the street.", "I am thinking of going back to college. I want to go to an Ivy League school.", "I grew up in a small town.  We walked everywhere when we lived there.", "I like computer science. I took an online coding class. I code in python. I take courses on Coursera.", "I am applying to Yale. I will put on my application that I want to major in applied math since very few people go into that major at Yale. I plan to switch to Computer Science if I get in.", "There is a regular customer at the grocery store I work at who went to Yale, I should see if he will write me a letter to Yale."], "partner_persona": ["I live alone and do not have any pets.", "I am unemployed, but looking for a new job.", "I like reading, and feel as if I am too old to go back to college.", "I like going for walks. I listen to books on tape.", "I took a coding class."], "current_conv": ["My counselor gave me some more tips for my application, looks like I will be working on this non stop over the weekend.", "Oh wow, that sounds like a lot. What tips did your counselor give you?", "Just little things to make my application stand out. I need to think really hard about any volunteer work I have done. I am also interested in using my degree to somehow work toward greater racial equity, so I need to find a way to get that in there naturally as well. Need to show I am amazing without seeming like I am trying to look amazing. HARD!", "Haha, you certainly have your work cut out for you! Did you speak with your customer from Yale about getting a recommendation letter?", "I did! They said they would so fingers crossed!! I am kinda sad that I have to work so hard this weekend when some people just pay there way in.  ", "That does seem unfair, but we all have to make the best of what we have.", "Correction: their. Haha I better get on it if I want my application to be accepted! How is the job hunt? Anything you are particularly interested in?", "It's going ok, though I really wish I could just spend all my time studying coding. This job hunt feels like a waste of time, haha, but I have bills to pay.", "Yeah, there will always be bills. Maybe you can think of coding as a hobby for now, but once you get really good at it, you can get a coding job!", "I don't want to think of it as a hobby, because then I won't do it, haha! But you are right about just letting it be something I do in my spare time while I work. I'm just so impatient, haha.", "What skills do you currently have? Maybe you can find a job that will allow you to listen to your books while working. Data entry or something?", "I'm a fast typist and a decent writer. Maybe I could look into writing jobs. I'm not sure what my options are with that, though."], "history_conv": [["Hi -- you look like a pet lover, as I am! I have 3 cats and 2 dogs.", "No I do not have any pets. I live alone.", "So where do you work? I am at the big grocery store down the street.", "I don't work at the moment. Looking for a new job.", "I know the feeling. I'm thinking of going back to college, too.", "I am too old now for college but I do like reading.", "Do you ever listen to books on tape?.", "Both really. I like going for walks also in my spare time.", "That's good exercise. I walk my dogs a lot.", "Ok that is good. It is always great to stay fit and healthy.", "Indeed. I grew up in a small town, and we walked everywhere.", "What is the small town called?"], ["I did some more research about going back to college, and I think I am going to apply to the Ivy League schools.  I know it will be a big investment, but I think it will payoff in the long term.", "What are you thinking of studying in college?", "I like computer science and a focus on artificial intelligence. This is a field that is for the future and has good future prospects.", "Yes, I've heard a lot about artificial intelligence and how fast it has been progressing. Do you have any experience with coding? I took a few classes back in the day but I wasn't any good at it", "Just have a little knowledge. Did some online courses on Coursera. That is a good website to start and learn things. It is only there I liked AI.", "Ah, I see. Any idea what languages you'll be coding in?", "Mostly in Python. That is the preferred language if I want to specialize in AI. Most of the programs are in this language.", "Very cool. I used to know a little bit of IDL but I'm not sure I could write any code in it any more. Have you used Coursera for any other interests or just computer science?", "Mostly for computer science. I still use it to learn a little about AI. I am presently learning about GANs, a model to create new faces of unknown people. It is so interesting and challenging.", "Wow that is very interesting! That sounds quite difficult though. What's the biggest challenge you've come across so far in that?", "Keeping up with the pace. The science grows so fast that once you learn something pretty soon it becomes old technology. It is really interesting though if you think of what the technology can do for the future. It is scary sometimes.", "It definitely is. When I was a kid, color tvs were just becoming a thing and now I can hold an entire computer in my hand. It really is a amazing how far tech has come."], ["I am going to apply to Yale.", "That's great!  What major are you applying for?", "I'm going to put on my application that I want to major in applied math, as supposedly there are very few people going for that major at Yale. That said, I'll switch to computer science if I actually get in lol.", "Lol you're trying to game the system?  Smart, considering Yale has a low acceptance rate.", "Exactly, the numbers are so low that you need to have some sort of hook. I'll definitely mention in my essay that I work in a grocery store; maybe that will score some brownie points haha.", "Maybe talk about your \"troubled past\"?  Haha", "Haha yes, and all the lessons I learned along the way. It's getting ridiculous. It used to be that all you needed were good grades and a high SAT score.", "Yeah college is more about who you know nowadays.  Do you know anyone who could help convince admissions and get you in?", "There's actually a regular customer at our store who went there. He's always wearing a Yale baseball cap, and I asked him about it one time. I should see if he might be willing to write me a recommendation letter.", "Yeah, maybe he could even slide them $100,000 if he's rich?  I heard that some people do that from the new documentary.", "Which documentary is that? I'd love to see it lol. But yeah, between legacy admissions and huge donors, it's hard for the small fry to get a fair shake.", "Oh, I forgot what it was called.  Some guy was fudging students' admissions to get them into any school they wanted.  They would pay him and the schools millions of dollars."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a passion for art. I went to high school. I'd like to become a painter. I like painting. I work on art.", "I love fast cars. I have experience driving. I want an Acura NSX. I am a confident driver."], "partner_persona": ["I'm in high school.", "I want to write songs. I am busy with the track team. I am writing one now but haven't finished it as I am having trouble with the melody.", "I am a runner.", "I have my mom and dad.", "I just got my drivers license. I'm scared of interstate driving.", "I prefer to write love songs as they are easier and it is hard to find a good other topic. I think it would be cool to do something more creative."], "current_conv": ["I found a listing for an Acura NSX for a really good deal. I think I will have to go look at it.", "The NSX is a beautiful car! I would love to have one myself.", "That would be an amazing first car! Do you have a car yet?", "No, I don't. Sometimes my parents let me borrow the minivan. Definitely the opposite of cool. I don't think Acura will be extending the NSX line to include minivans.", "Well, at least you can drive on your own now. Yeah, I doubt that too. Anyways, are you doing anything creative?", "Still banging away at the songs. Love songs especially. A hopeless high school romantic, that's me! Can't get the melody right. Got the lyrics.", "That's so cool, I have little talent for music unfortunately. But I do love painting! I'm working on a new landscape, and it turns out that adding more nature is never a bad idea.", "I have little artistic talent. I can draw stick figures. A landscape of stick figures would not be very interesting. I wish I could express myself visually. Landscapes are quite powerful. Plus, wherever you go in the world, there's a subject waiting for you to paint it.", "Don't be so hard on yourself, a landscape of stick figures sounds kind of cool! That's true, and I'm bad at character art so I draw trees instead.", "Can you draw cartoon style stuff? You could get a job in video games. They always need artists. You might have to draw the same stuff a million times, but it's a job doing art.", "I've been doing cartoons since I was a child. With more practice I could get good enough to get in the industry I think. I think I would like to do concept art if I worked in video games. But enough about me, would you get a job in music?", "It's awfully hard to get rich in music, but it is possible to make a living. Once you take a paycheck, you have to do someone else's music, not yours."], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's everything going in your life so far? Anything you need help with?", "Hi, not too bad. I'm in high school, so I guess I haven't experienced the real world yet.", "High school will teach you about yourself, I learned that I had a passion for art there.", "Interesting, because I have found a passion for music while in high school..", "Would you say that you'd like to become a composer? I'd like to become a painter.", "I would love to write songs, yes. I stay busy with the track team too..", "Track team, huh? I love speed and adrenaline, fast cars are my thing.", "Yes, I am a runner! I just got my drivers license, haha!", "Haha, better be safe out on the roads! I can give you some pointers on safe driving.", "Driving on the interstate around trucks worries me.", "A helpful tip I learned is to always stay at least two cars away from them!.", "Nice. My mom stays at home while dad works, so can help me too.", "Parents are awesome tools in life, always listen to their guidance.", "I sure will. Dad is in the steel industry and works hard."], ["I bought some supplies to start painting on a canvas.", "What do you plan on painting?", "I may try drawing a cool car I found online. I might also try painting some of the scenery around my house. Have you been working on any art lately?", "I do not really do art, I am more interested in writing songs. What is the cool car you found?", "It's a 2019 Acura NSX, which is a car I would love to own someday. Have you been driving much lately?", "Sounds amazing. I just got my license and could only dream of owning an Acura NSX.", "I bet, you're still pretty young and it's an expensive car. Have you made any progress with interstate driving?", "I am still a bit worried about that. There are too many cars and trucks all travelling far too fast.", "I understand that. You'll get used to it over time, I hope. It took me a long time to get used to driving all the time but now I feel pretty comfortable."], ["Have you written any songs lately?", "I started one but haven't finished. It's about thinking you love someone, but finding out you didn't really know them well. I'm having trouble with the melody though", "I'm sure that's tough to find the right music to fit the lyrics.  Not just for you, but in general.  Do you prefer to write love songs ?", "Yeah I think they're easier. It's hard to find a good other topic. There's a reason most songs are about love! But it would be cool to do something more creative. Do you have any ideas for topics?", "I think it would be hard, but very unique to write songs about unique topics.  How about phones or garbage cans.  haha.", "Omg that would be hilarious. I could just do funny songs, where I treat ridiculous topics extremely seriously", "YES!  Glad you got what I was trying to say.  Like \"oh i love my garbage can but some days it just stinks\"...", "hahaha \"I think I finally have to kick it to the curb, bet it won't even take a pickup line to pick it up\"", "Too funny!  \"My love for my garbage can is such a waste\" haha", "yes that's perfect. The puns! \"It talks about itself too much, sometimes I just want it to can it\"", "We are geniuses!  When this is a top ten hit and you're famous, don't forget about me, ok?", "Hahaha will do, I will credit you in all my interviews!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not have a vehicle; I walk or ride the bus.", "I am single. I play baseball. I'm interested in playing pro baseball.", "I would like to design ads one day.", "I have thought about being a vegetarian. I am in college. I like English Lit.", "I am in an Astronomy class. I am not good at math.  I am in an English class. I like vegetarian food.", "I like broccoli. I am not vegan. I am trying to improve my diet."], "partner_persona": ["I am married to a lawyer. I have a husband.", "I am vegan. I eat roasted veggies and fresh fruits. I know how to eat healthy.", "I'm bad at trigonometry. I wasn't good at English class. I am not good at math.", "I work out at the gym and stay in shape."], "current_conv": ["I just found out I aced my last English test!", "Awesome! How much did you study for it? I'm impressed, I didn't do well in the few English classes I took in college.", "Not too long. A few hours? I spent most of my study time on math and astronomy. But yay! Exams are over!! I will have more time to get out there and practice.", "How did you think you did in Math? Remember my offer to help you next semester, I was always pretty good at Math. How's baseball practice going in this heat?", "It went well, but I could definitely use some help next semester! Baseball is great. There are some indoor batting cages for the hottest days, but I don't really mind the heat too much. Just so glad that I am no longer inside studying.", "I bet between practices and work outs you're in pretty good shape. I try to keep in shape, my husband and I go to the gym a lot.", "That is great that y'all have an activity together! I know he is gone a lot. I am not in the shape I want to be in. I should probably start running a bit more to help with stamina. ", "Running is good. Watch your diet! Especially animal products, they're not good if you're trying to keep fit.", "I keep hearing the opposite from some of my teammates. They insist I need more animal protein!", "uggg as a vegan you can imagine how that makes me feel.  Hubby says I am utterly humorous about it.  I do have to admit from a scientific standpoint meat will give the protein you need if you're building muscles. What kind of running workouts are you going to take up?", "Probably mostly sprinting. Do beans and quinoa not offer enough in the way of protein? What about spinach?", "Spinach is an excellent source of vitamins, minerals, and micronutrients but not protein, compared to the legumes and seeds (like the beans and quinoa you mention). You can get the proteins you need from a plant diet with normal activity but if you're really bulking up you either have to intake a large amount of them  (and then the fiber causes \"problems\" if you know what I mean) or use supplments like whey powder."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I just got back from class. What are you doing?", "I just got done working out at the gym.", "Cool, what is your favorite exercise?", "Do you have your own vehicle?", "No, I am a student. I walk everywhere or I take the bus.", "Oh wow, that must get tiring. Do you have a significant other?", "It's not, I even have energy to play baseball. I do not, I am single.", "Thats awesome that you have the energy. My significant other is a lawyer. We're married..", "Awe, I hope to have a job designing ads one day.", "That sounds neat. Are you a vegetarian?", "No, but have thought about it!", "I do not eat anything that comes from any animals.", "Cool, I eat animals right now because I am in college.", "I completely understand. College is expensive."], ["I just took a final exam and did very well.", "That is really good. What subject was it in? Do you have more finals coming up?", "It was a trigonometry exam, I studied very hard for it. I only have one more exam left, it is English Lit which is a subject I really like so it shouldn't be too hard.", "Oh man. I couldn't do trig if I was paid to. That is amazing. Great job. I wish you luck on your next exam. English was also not my strongest subject. I do find it kind of hot that you play baseball. Maybe me and my husband could catch one of your games.", "Yeah that would be great! Is your husband pretty busy with work?", "Yeah. Usually. If he isn't available I could just come out myself. Not like he would notice me being gone. But he does like baseball. So he might tag along if he is in town.", "I am sorry that you feel like he wouldn't notice, does he go out of town a lot for work?", "Yeah he does. It is fine though. I like the fact that he makes good money. Are you going to play baseball professionally? Athletes are amazing. But I know you have to keep those grades up and work out so much, you are probably too busy to do much either huh?", "Playing professional baseball would be awesome! I am hoping after we finish this season that I will start getting looks from MLB teams, but we will see. At minimum I should be able to play for a semi-pro team but I don't know if I want baseball for a career yet. Do you still work out quite a bit?", "I have kept my body in tip top shape all my life. I like feeling healthy and I also love knowing I can outdo the men around me. I never want to look weak. Semi Pro is still really good. You could maybe get on a card that women like me could stare at for hours.", "Haha! That would be pretty neat. Does being vegan help you stay in shape?", "It does in some ways. I don't really get as much starch and sugar as those who regularly eat bread and pastas. I can eat some that are made certain ways, but I prefer to stick to roasted veggies and fresh fruits mainly. Do you like any vegan food?"], ["I studied for a few more hours today.", "That's awesome! What subject was you studying for?", "I am taking a class in Astronomy. I thought it would be interesting but it is so much work because it's a lot of physics and formulas to learn.", "I bet. Formulas and math in general is my weakness. That's why I'm so bad at trigonometry.", "Yeah it's not my strong suit either. But I'm trying really hard. Later I'm going to do some reading for my English class. I have to make dinner soon, do you have any good vegetarian recipes that are easy to cook?", "I've actually learned to make a delicious veggie pie. It's the same way you'd make a meat pie, just with no meat. You can also buy store-bought pie crusts, so that's half the work already done.", "Oh that would be helpful. I would definitely use the store-bought pie crust. I do that when I make dessert pies too. What kind of vegetables do you use?", "I usually use broccoli, carrots, and peas. Plus I add a lot of potatoes and gravy. It all pairs together so nicely!", "That sounds so good. I love broccoli. Do you just throw them all in and bake it?", "I usually boil the vegetables a bit, but after that I throw everything in and bake them. Do you eat a lot of vegan dishes yourself?", "Not too many but I need to add more fruits and vegetables to my diet. I know I eat too much junk food and it's starting to slow me down.", "Fruits are great for swapping out junk food, especially if you like sweets. If you like berries, you should definitely eat those instead of sweets if you ever get a craving."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a job. My dad was in the military.", "I work at an ice cream parlor. I enjoy chocolate ice cream.", "I like to read science fiction. One of my favorite science fiction books is The Martian. I like the book of The Martian better than the movie.", "I have watched football games.", "My boyfriend is a musician. My boyfriend plays rhythm guitar and sings in a band called EXHALE.", "I am a fan of the author Andy Weir. I am planning to read Hail Mary by Andy Weir."], "partner_persona": ["I am in high school. I am a girl. English is my favorite subject.", "I am in the marching band in the fall. I am in a concert band later in the year. I play trumpet.", "I am an only child. I live with my parents. My parents are teachers. My parents are proud of me.", "Chocolate is my favorite ice cream flavor.", "When a movie is based on a book, I usually like the book better. I like science fiction books.", "I prefer the book The Martian to the movie adaptation. My idol is Chet Baker."], "current_conv": ["Tell me more about Chet Baker. Are there any albums by him that you'd recommend?", "I honestly love all of his albums! I would recommend any of them. How  about your boyfriend's band? Any recommendations on their music?", "I will check some of his music out then. My favourite song they made is called wrath unleashed. They are more of a rock band compared to Chet as I know he is more of a jazz musician. ", "I will be sure to check them out. I do like the jazz genre a little more, which probably has something to do with me being in a concert band. Do you play any instruments?", "Oh yeah I remember you telling me about that. I have tried a few instruments over the years but so far I haven\u2019t found one I\u2019m good at haha. Do you play any other instruments other than a trumpet? ", "Haha yeah it definitely takes time and patience to master one. I only play trumpet right now but I'm interested in learning other instruments. The drums have always looked like a lot of fun. The piano looks fun also, but there are so many keys I think it would be hard to remember which one is which! What instruments are you interested in?", "Yeah they really are hard to learn, I think I would love to be good at playing the piano if I could choose. I love all musical instruments but the sound of a piano is just breath taking. ", "I think some of the greatest musicians have all been masters of string instruments. You mentioned your boyfriend plays the rhythm guitar and sings, that must take a lot of talent!", "Yeah he does he honestly has so much passion and talent for both. The way he plays the guitar is unreal and his singing voice is amazing. I wish I could have just a little bit of his talent. You should come by one day with your trumpet I\u2019m sure the two of you would make amazing music together. ", "You must be very proud of him! I know I would be. That sounds like a lot of fun! There's something about blending different musical sounds together that makes music spectacular.", "Yeah I am very proud. I\u2019m just glad he is following his dreams and doing the thing he loves the most. And yes honestly the different sounds you can create with music is amazing. I\u2019m sure we will all have a great time, it will be a lot of fun for sure. ", "Yeah I'm really excited for that! It's good he can follow his dreams and enjoy doing the things he loves. What about you? I know you are a fan of science fiction books. Is writing a dream of yours?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "Great, I am just a happy girl who just came back from highschool, you?", "Doing well, just got back from work. What do you like to do in your spare time?", "I like to be part of the marching band during the fall and concert band later.", "Cool! Do you have any siblings?", "Sadly no, I just live with my parents and there are both teachers.", "My dad was in the military. Is it weird having teachers as parents?", "Yeah, I have to study all the time. Specially english, it is my favorite.", "I love reading! I work at an ice cream parlor. What's your favorite ice cream?", "I love chocolate, you are probably tired of ice cream at this point.", "I try not to indulge, but I do have a sweet spot for chocolate!", "What do you like to read?"], ["I enjoy reading science fiction. Have you read any science fiction in your English class?", "We haven't as of yet, but maybe soon! What's your favorite sci fi book?", "I really like The Martian, they even turned it into a movie, which was decent. It had Matt Damon in it. What instrument do you play?", "Oh, cool! Did you like the book or movie better? I play trumpet.", "I enjoyed the book better, but the movie was well done. Trumpet is cool, always reminds me of New Orleans. Is it hard to play and march? I can't even walk and talk!", "I usually find the book is always better myself, haha. It does take quite a bit of practice to get coordinated, but once you do it's like second nature.", "I've seen some pretty impressive foot work and patterns made by the band at footballs games - I am always impressed.", "Thank you for noticing! A lot of people give the band kids a lot of grief.", "My boyfriend is a musician, so I totally understand.", "Oh cool! What does he play?", "He is vocalist and a rhythm guitarist. He dabbles in other instruments but he wouldn't say he's good at them. His band is called EXHALE.", "Oh nice! I can say I heard of them before they were big! haha"], ["I just found out that Andy Weir has a new book called Hail Mary. I can't wait to read it!", "Isn't Andy Weir an astronaut? I think I've heard of him! What is the book about?", "It is about an astronaut that wakes up from a coma with amnesia. I am actually not sure if he is also an astronaut. So many people in today's society wear many hats, so maybe he is also an astronaut.", "Oh, maybe I had heard about it before and just confused the two. That's pretty cool! I like science fiction books about things like that. Do you think I should read it too?", "Yes, He also wrote the Martian. He is a great storyteller. If you read it, you could impress your parents that you chose to read it.", "I'm the only child of two teachers, they're already really proud of me. I play the trumpet. I mean, that's quite an accomplishment in my books. I play the trumpet like Chet Baker.", "Project Hail Mary is similar to The Martian in that a person must rely on himself to face a daunting task. Maybe you try watching the movie The Martian first. If you like that movie, you'd probably like Project Hail Mary. I am definitely going to read the book.", "I watched the movie already. I honestly thought the book was better, but I think most people who read the book before watching the movie feel that way. Have you ever heard any of Chet Baker's music? He's literally my idol.", "Can't say that I have. What's his style like?", "Smooth. Smooth like Egyptian silk. Smoother than whipped butter. More iconic than cigarettes and coffee, with twice the sex appeal. Haha, only joking, but he really is my idol.", "Sounds awesome. Maybe I could find a book about Chet Baker. After I read the book by Andy, I can read one about Chet. There's books about so many people, I bet there is one about him.", "Haha, there actually is a book about Chet Baker. It's called, \"Deep in a Dream: the Long Night of Chet Baker\". I haven't read it yet, though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like watching movies. I don't have much time to watch movies.", "I have kids.", "I would love to visit Hawaii.", "I work in retail. I don't enjoy my work. I arrange shoe displays at work.", "I have been to San Francisco."], "partner_persona": ["I am a painter. I am an artist. I have been painting a series of animals. I will move on to painting birds and fish. I love animals.", "I like to make music. I have been recording mountain and seashorse sounds. I make music.", "I am looking for a new job.  I do not like my current boss.", "I live in Hawaii.", "I took a digital photography class in high school. I am interested in many art forms.", "I worked in retail in the past and didn't like it.", "I currently live in Hawaii. I want to move to a different place.", "I don't think Hawaii is a good place to live."], "current_conv": ["Where do you think you would want to move to if you leave Hawaii?", "I am thinking about California", "Are you planning a vacation to California?", "Yes. I want to look at places to live", "that's cool, Did you have a job there?", "Not yet I just want to look around and see if there is a fun place to work near the beach", "oh okay, I heard there beaches are really beautiful. I wish i could go there in summer.", "I am hoping to be able to do some new animal paintings and sell them ", "That's great. Do you have pets to paint?", "Yes I have a bird that I have painted a picture of", "I love birds, they're so soothing sometimes to be around them I had an Australian parrot once.", "I love seahorses too. I have been recording the sounds they make"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am about to cook dinner. What are you doing?", "Taking a break from painting, so I'm here online..", "Cool, are you an artist?", "Painter, yes. What are your hobbies?", "I enjoy watching movies in my spare time.", "Cool, I like to get creative and make music.", "I am mom so I spend a lot of time cooking.", "Nice. What else do you do?", "I spend a lot time researching how to cook healthy meals for my children.", "Cool! I'm tired of the boss at my job, so I'm looking for a job.", "Bosses can be difficult, where do you live?", "Hawaii. It's expensive but I try not to live beyond my means. You?"], ["What is your latest painting project?", "Oh, I've been working on a series of animals. I bet your kids would like them - how are they doing?", "They are fine thank you. Do you love animals too. I guess you do for why otherwise would you have a passion to paint animals. Any particular animal you focus on?", "No, I've been doing all kinds of animals, trying to perfect my style. Then I plan to start a series on fish and birds native to the hawaiian shores. And yes, I love animals. Have you caught any good films lately? I could use a recommendation.", "With the kids around I hardly have time to watch movies. The only time I get is after they go to bed and I am already tired by then with my work which I have to catch up with. You said you liked music. Have you tried to make your own of late", "It's too bad you never have time for movies, I know how much you like cinema. I've been recording mountain and seashore sounds to use in an avant-garde music composition that I hope will one day accompany an exhibit of my animal paintings.", "That sounds awesome and interesting. A painting exhibit with music of nature playing in the background. Man that sounds wonderful even to think about. You are an artist of great imagination. I wish you success in your ventures. Only do not forget to invite me to your exhibit. Even thinking about it gets me excited.", "If I ever get that far, you and your family will be first on the guest list. You'd enjoy coming out here to Hawaii - give you some time to relax on the beach with a pina colada.", "Thanks for the invite. I sure will take it up. I am confident that you will get that far because you have the passion and the vision for it. Looking forward to hearing from you on the progress you have made towards that dream.", "Thanks for your confidence, it means a lot. And take some time for yourself now and then, you deserve it. You work so hard taking care of the kids. I know they appreciate it.", "My kids will love to come to Hawaii and have some fun. That will be an added bonus for me when I visit your exhibit.", "I'm looking forward to your visit, and there's tons of kid-friendly things to do around here, though I would hope they have fun at the exhibit too."], ["So have you always been interested in being an artist?", "I first learned about my interest when I was in high school.  I took a digital photography class and fell in love.  I've since gotten into lots of different types!", "That's so wonderful that you have a career you're passionate about! I wish I could find that, but alas, I'm stuck working retail.", "Ah man, retail sucks.  I worked it for a little bit before.  Do you get the chance to be artistic in retail?", "If you consider arranging shoe displays artistic, then sure lol. It's a pretty lame job, but it pays the bills.", "Ah, an artist indeed!  You should come take over my job when I leave.", "Haha I didn't know you were also a comedian! Are you planning on staying in Hawaii long-term?", "Hawaii reminds me of that one stinky pair of shoes everyone has.  It looks great from the outside, but is actually terrible on the inside.  I'll be moving for sure.", "Wow, I wouldn't have guessed that in a million years. Everyone says it's so great! That said, it's probably one of those places that's great to visit, but less so to live in.", "It has been ruined by all the tourists, unfortunately.  Trash, needles, and more trash everywhere.", "Oof, sounds a lot like San Francisco. Have you ever been there?", "That's exactly what it's like!  We should go to San Francisco together and complain about it the whole time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work as a landscaper. I like to work by myself. I am planning to take a lot of pictures of my landscaping job. I would like to landscape Jim Carrey's yard.", "I enjoy playing basketball. I am short.", "My family and I are Canadian.", "I want to create a hedge maze. I have watched The Shining.", "I am a fan of Jim Carey."], "partner_persona": ["I am self employed.I am a painter. I write and play music.", "I am a short person.", "I am from Virginia. I love Virginia. I don't think the weather in Virginia is very nice.", "I wrote a new song yesterday. I want to record my music. I write rock songs.", "I like hedge mazes. I have watched The Shining too.", "I paint portraits."], "current_conv": ["Do you think any of your paintings will end up in Art Museums one day?", "Oh, I don't think so.  That would be amazing but I think it's just a nice dream to have and not something I can realistically think about.", "I think they will! Or perhaps your music will end up winning a grammy! What genre is your favorite", "It's mostly rock but has some traces of blues and pop in it.  what types of music do you enjoy?", "Classical is my favorite. I used to play the flute in college. What's your latest project?", "Oh, classical is great, too.  A part of me wishes I could play in a symphony.  But it's definitely easier to do popular music.  I'm thinking that I might start trying to combine my painting and music, either with a series of paintings that have accompanying musical pieces, or creating paintings that are inspired by listening to new music I write.", "Would that art be called do you think? Do you know if anyone ever done that before?", "I'm not sure.  The idea just sort of came to me as I was fiddling with my latest song.  I started seeing images spring up in my mind and I sort of wondered why I'd never combined the two art forms.  I'm sure someone must have done something like this before.  I mean, there are exhibits where installations feature music and sound, so that's really the same idea.", "Maybe I can do landscaping inspired by music. I'm working on a new sports theme project so maybe I can find some music that will inspire me", "That's a really cool idea.  Tell me about this new sports themed project.", "I'm thinking of doing the hedges that will resemble a basketball court. Maybe it'll go viral and get Jim carrey's attention", "That would be so cool.  Do you have a drone you can use to get overhead shots?  I'm sure people would be excited to see creative hedge designs, sort of like crop circles or fancy haircuts."], "history_conv": [["Hello stranger! I hope you are ready to get to know me.", "Hello! What do you do for a living?", "I enjoy to work outside, mainly landscaping and such. You?", "I can't handle having a boss, so I work for myself.", "I enjoy working by myself as well. Do you have any hobbies?", "Yes, mainly the arts. Painting and creating music! You?", "Although my short stature might deceive you, I enjoy playing basketball.", "Same here, and I also do not have much height to me!", "Short people unite! Where are you from?", "Virginia. I love it here and I love everyone! You?", "My mom is originally from canada so I stayed in the area. It gets rather cold.", "The weather in virginia is insane. Snow one day, hot the next."], ["We are doing landscaping for Justin Trudeau next week. I can't believe they choose me to do such an important job!", "OMG, that will be so cool. I imagine it will be a big job though. A man like that won't have a small garden!", "I haven't seen the garden yet, do you really think it will be that big?", "100%! I reckon it will be split into sections though, I doubt it will be one large area of land. If I was to guess, he will probably only want another section doing, rather than the whole thing. You NEED to send me some pictures when you can", "I will get lots of pictures, if i find the time! He did say I might need to be there for a month. I just thought he meant that so I would do a good job.", "oh god... I think he probably means his garden is on the large size. I wish you the best of luck. Maybe you could get a selfie with him, that would be one for the archives", "I never even thought about it that way. You are getting me worried that it is some English country manor estate. I'll get a selfie but I will be looking very tired.", "It may be like that yeah, not sure of the architecture style in Canada though. I assume similar. But, it might be more similar to french-style. Whatever that is... I wouldn't worry, it is a great opportunity. It will definitely pay well.", "It will be the big break I have been looking for. I'll be landscaping all the big stars next!", "If you could pick one big star to landscape, who would you choose?", "Definitely Jim Carrey, I just know he'd want something weird.", "Imagine if you turned up, and he was playing one of his whacky characters. Cable Guy would be soooo funny! Have you seen it?"], ["Have you written any new music lately?", "I have actually!  I just finished the first draft of a new song yesterday.", "Well I would definitely like to hear it sometime! :) is there anything specific the song is about?", "I hope to record a version of it pretty soon!  It's just your typical rock song about a girl haha.  Have you done any fancy landscaping recently?", "Perhaps about a short girl that took the midnight train going to Virginia? haha! And I have actually! I helped out someone create this really beautiful garden. I will be going back later to take a bunch of pictures of it all.", "That's awesome!  Have you ever made a hedge maze for anyone? I've always thought it would be super cool to have one of those in the front yard of my palace LOL.", "No but that is definitely one of my dream goals to create. Specifically, the one that looks like it's from the Shining lol", "It's pretty huge though.  That would probably be all work and no play haha.  I hope you get to do that one day \u2013\u00a0perhaps for Jim Carey :-)", "Omg yes!! That would mean everything to me. Then maybe sneak in a picture with Jim! haha", "I would gladly come and paint a portrait of you and Jim in his new hedge maze!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My wife and I have one son.", "I'm a vegetarian. I am against people eating meat. I support animal rights.", "I have a boy cat named Whiskers. My cat is 6 years old. My cat loves going outside. My cat is a standard American shorthair. My cat is my only pet. I live alone with my cat. My cat helps calm me down. I have an affectionate cat.  My cat is not sterilized.", "I love Australian Shepard dogs. I want to adopt an Australian Shepherd.", "I am planning on moving soon.  I live in the city. I want to live somewhere that is quiet.", "I live in a small apartment. I have neighbors."], "partner_persona": ["I have a friend named Kim.", "I sometimes eat vegan.", "I take multivitamins. I like Flintstones vitamins.", "I have 3 cats and 3 dogs. I want a lion cub. My cat's are rag doll breed.", "I like adopting pets from the pet store. I have a soft spot for animals that need homes. I have a Corgi dog, Australian Shepard dog and a mutt. I like Australian Shepherds.", "I have three cats.", "I have neighbors.", "I play youtube videos for my dogs."], "current_conv": ["How do you afford to feed all those pets? ", "I buy in bulk! I love my animals, so I work them into my monthly budget! I know you love animals too. Do you think you'll get a dog soon?", "That's amazing. Whiskers eats so much, I just can't imagine having six of him, haha. I need to save up, but I've been looking into some animal shelters that might have an Australian Shepherd.", "I hope you find one! Maybe it will time out with your move so you can have more space for the dog and the cat!", "Oh, I didn't think about that, but that's a brilliant idea! My apartment is much too small for a dog that size, but my new place would actually be perfect for it!", "That's great! Were you able to get a place with a yard?", "The front yard is a bit small, but the back yard is huge! I'll need to install a fence, but there is plenty of room to run around and play fetch. Plus, there are a lot parks nearby that I great for walking and hiking with a dog. Now, I can't wait to adopt one, haha.", "That will be perfect! I'll keep an eye out for a dog for you. What will Whiskers think though?", "Whiskers might be jealous if I'm spending more time with the shepherd, but he's a chill cat. A friend bough his dog over and they were instant buddies! Hopefully, it'll be like that when I adopt the shepherd.", "Oh cool, I love it when dogs and cats get along! I bet they will be best friends. My dogs and cats get along well most of the time. When they don't it's a mess!", "Oh my goodness! I bet it's a real sight when the six of them get into it. How do you manage it when that happens?", "I stay out of the way! They play fight sometimes and run around like crazy! "], "history_conv": [["Hey there, I'm here taking care of my kid while my wife is away. How about you?", "That's good, I'm in the middle of lunch with kim k.", "Sounds awesome, are you guys eating meat? I'm personally a vegetarian.", "No, kim prefers tofu so we are having vegan today.", "Great! I'm for animal rights and it makes me sad to hear animals being eaten.", "Yeah, protein is protein no matter the source.", "That's true, I prefer eating vegetables though. Has all the nutrients neccessary.", "Yeah, if I could I would just live on multi-vitamins.", "That's awesome, my son loves to eat his fruity vitamins.", "Me too!! Flinstones was my favorite as a kid.", "Same here! Do you have any pets? I'm cuddling with my cat whiskers right now.", "I have 3 cats and 3 dogs.", "That's a whole zoo! Haha, I wish I had enough space for that many animals.", "Yeah, I love my variety, I wanted a lion cub but the government said no."], ["I got Whiskers a new cat tree. He loves being able to see everything going on outside.", "How old is Whiskers? What kind of tree is it, my three guys might need to upgrade.", "He is 6 years old and loves exploring outside.", "What type of cat is he? Is he your only pet? Mine are ragdolls.", "He is a standard american shorthair. And yes he's the only pet in my life.", "I can't seem to come home from the pet store without a new pet. I'm such a sucker for a pet needing a home.", "They are a big responsibility and require a lot of attention. One is enough for me. But having a cat to calm me down when no one is around is totally worth the effort. So is the love they give.", "I couldn't agree more. They love they give isn't like any other. Speaking of soon I need to take my dogs to the dog park", "Awe, what kind of dogs do you have?", "One Corgi, one Australian Shepard and one mutt.", "I love auzzies. They are so happy and so determined.", "They really are the best. Have you seen the Aussie/Corgi mixed dogs. They are soooo cute."], ["After you mentioned the Australian Shepard my mind can not stop thinking of adopting one. I know one animal is enough for our home, but it is so tempting.", "They are such good dogs, aren't they. How do you think your cat will like it?", "I think my cat would get along great with a dog in the house. He's very affectionate with everyone really.", "Oh, that's good. I have three cats and they get along very with my dogs. It's like a zoo at my house! How long will you be living in your home?", "I'm hoping to move by next summer. I want to live away from the city. Somewhere quieter for sure! Do your pets get bothered by loud outside noises?", "Yes, the dogs bark a lot - it seems like anytime someone walks by they start. When one starts, they all start.", "That's another reason why I want to move. My neighbors in my apartment already complain when my cat cries at night.", "Awww poor Whiskers. Is he crying because he wants to get out? My neighbors complain all the time. Especially when I'm gone, they dogs bark even more. Last weekend, my neighbor ran towards our house and started yelling at us.", "He usually cries because he's in heat, and that happens multiple times throughout the year. It's sad to hear your dogs bark a lot when you're gone, but I guess that means they really miss you when you're gone!", "Yes, that's true. I found some dog videos on YouTube, and that seems to help a little. Does you cat watch TV?", "That's so funny. My cat does the same thing. My cat likes watching nature shows. I guess he must want to be out in the wild with the bigger cats.", "It's hilarious. Mine usually watch the squirrels and chipmunks or birds. I am still looking for a good dog video, but once both my dogs started barking at the TV. No exactly what I was after, but funny. How do you know Whiskers likes it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in a city.", "I have a parrot named Tasha. My parrot's feathers are red. I dyed my hair red to match my parrot.", "I am a vegetarian. I became vegetarian because of my parrot. I eat eggs and dairy. I like BBQ egg plant. I like Sprite. I like eggplant jerky. I enjoy coming up with new sauces. I know how to make a great veggie sauce for my friends.", "My favorite thing to do is hike."], "partner_persona": ["I live near a beach.", "I have a horse. My horse is brown. I dyed my hair brown to match my horse.", "I would like to be vegetarian.", "I have six brothers. All six of my brothers grow eggplants. I have never tried an eggplant. I have six sisters. Only one of my sisters likes eggplant.", "I live with my parents. I want my own house.", "I really enjoyed trying eggplant on homemade pizza. I love to put eggplant, garlic, tomatoes, and onions on pizza. I can make a cauliflower crust pizza. I prefer to make my own sauce to know exactly what's in the sauce.", "I love eating portabello mushroom steaks. I have never had egglplant."], "current_conv": ["Hello again, how are your brothers? Have they brought you any more eggplants to cook with?", "Hello back! My brothers haven't brought me any eggplants yet, but I'm hoping to get some soon.", "They are great when you get some maybe I can teach you how to make the jerky that I make. It is really good.", "That sounds like a great idea. I'm certainly open to trying that jerky. Is it hard to make?", "No, it isn't too hard. But I have been making it for while so might be the first time you try.", "Well, practice makes perfect, right? I'm not afraid to experiment in the kitchen. Sometimes I make \"mistakes\" that turn out great! Do you have any other interesting dishes I could try?", "Yes, I make a really good veggie dish I can tell you how. I can't think of the name right this second.", "Names aren't really important, just so long as it tastes good! Besides, many dishes go by other names in different parts of the country or world. Like eggplant; in Europe it's called an aubergine. ", "Very true. You could come by for dinner one night and I can show you how to make both. Or we can both learn something new together.", "A cooking dinner party sounds great! Let's plan on doing it after I get the eggplants from my brothers. Maybe next weekend?", "Yes, that will be great. Been a long couple week and I could use some fun and some time with a friend.", "Yes, having a nice break is good after a long work week. I'll see if I can come up with some interesting veggies to make a meal with. It will be like one of those cooking shows where you have some ingredients and have to come up with a dish."], "history_conv": [["Greetings from the urban jungle!", "Hi there from the beach!", "I just dyed my hair red to match my parrot's feathers.", "That's funny. I dyed my hair brown to match my horses.", "Cool! Her name is tasha and I became vegetarian because of her.", "I heard bar b que parrot can be good but I want to be vegetarian too.", "It's easy though I do permit myself eggs and dairy, just no murder.", "I love my horses and I found out they sell horse meat so I changed.", "Yes, bbq eggplant and a cold sprite are so much better than horse burger.", "All six of my brothers grow eggplant but I never tied any.", "Eggplant jerky is perfect for long hikes, my favorite thing to do.", "I have six sisters too but only one likes eggplant but I don't know about jerky.", "Wow, it must get crowded at christmas!!", "Yes, I live with our parents on the beach but I want my own house."], ["Did you end up trying any eggplant dishes yet?", "Yep! I've made a few so far, my most favorite being on homemade pizza! Delicious!", "Oh very nice, what do you like to put on your pizza?", "Well the eggplant for sure, but also tons of garlic, tomatoes, onions--really all the veggies. I also love doing a cauliflour crust!", "That sounds delicious! You should try my favorite BBQ'd Eggplant on one.", "Oh that sounds delicious, especially with the cauliflour. Do you just add your own bbq sauce?", "Yeah i do like coming up with my own sauces. Good to have one for every occasion ha", "Ooops, did you send too soon? Yeah I like making my own so i know exactly what's in it", "Send to soon? Im not following with that. I just like to try different flavor combinations. I have a great one for my veggie friends when i do mushrooms like steaks", "I love portabello mushroom steaks. What do you put in your sauce?", "Woah, cant give out the secrets now can i? Heh", "Hah no I guess not. I can just go look on line and make my own \\"], ["So I found a good recipe for portabello mushroom steak, but I have a question?", "Sure, what's the question? You know how much I love that dish!", "I was wondering what sort of toppings work best with it?", "Oh, lots of choices there. I'd try avocado chimichurri if I were you. So delicious. But really, you can't go wrong with fresh herbs.", "I've never heard of that sauce.  Do I fry it up just like a normal steak?", "Pretty much. There are some great tutorials online, if you want to take a peek. And then you could whip up one of your famous veggie sauces as a topper. Remember to invite me over!", "Yeah definitely!  How about I test it out first then maybe I can bring you out here some time, when I perfect it?", "Sounds great to me! You could also make some of that eggplant jerky and bring it by. You know I've still never tried eggplant?", "What????  Eggplant is like a meal for the Gods!  I'll send some your way.", "Feel free! I'm wide open when it comes to most veggies. Say, did you find the berries you were going to look for during your hike a few days ago?", "No berries, unfortunately.  I did find an eggplant though.  Did you know those grow in the wild?  I sure didn't!", "I just know my brothers grow them in their gardens, haha."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I occasionally ride my bike to work. I fix computers.", "I attended college. I majored in computer science. I don't trust the computer companies.", "I am an only child."], "partner_persona": ["I am a full time college student. I study linguistics. I've taken a phonetics class. I just moved to Spokane, Washington.", "I don't know what to major in.", "I have one brother and 3 half brothers.", "I care about the environment."], "current_conv": ["How are the linguistic studies going?", "They are going well and so are my other classes!  its been busy.  I cant imagine what a computer science major is like, lol", "It's all hard work I imagine for any schooling. I think computers are easier than learning languages lol. I only do night school so I can work during the day.", "well the thing with computer languages - its the same language, regardless of what language you speak!  ", "That's true but computers use 1s and 0s to talk and you get to use letters and symbols lol. Have you ever studied ancient languages or just the modern ones?", "well in my phonetics class, we studied a little of everything. BTW, how are your night classes going?  i cant imagine working and going to school.  I am glad I just study full time :)", "It helps me study even better by working on computers during the day and then going to school at night. That way I make some money and get hands on experience. I love night school. It's close to my house as well. Full time college is a full time job, you just don't get paid.", "lol, thats true.  I do work study, so I get some money, but it also feels  like I am still paying them to be there!  its so expensive!", "College is so expensive! I had to save for over a year to go to night school. My bike just broke it's chain last night so I have to fix that today.", "yeah, mine is all loans - so we'll see how/when I can pay it, lol.  Thank goodness for some scholarships, though.  My brother might have a chain I can find, he is really into bikes", "College debt is ridiculous. I don't know too much about bikes but it gets me back and forth without spending gas money.", "true.  I should get one, but since I live in campus, I can just walk to where I need to be.   But it would be nice to have some  extra freedom.  Gas prices are so crazy.  Plus, I kind of thought of a bike, but it might be hard to carry groceries with"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going? I just got in from a bike ride.", "I'm well. How was your bike ride?", "It's kind of windy outside, but otherwise good.", "Nice! Where do you normally ride your bike to?", "Sometimes I ride to work. I fix computers at different places. What do you do?", "I'm a student, just moved to spokane for college.", "What are you majoring in?", "Undecided, I don't really know what I want to do yet..", "That's the way it is for most people, I think.", "Did you go to college? How did you know what you wanted to major in?", "Yeah, I went to college. I always liked playing around with computers, so I picked computer science.", "My brothers also like to play around with computers. Do you have siblings?", "No, I'm an only child.", "What is it like being an only child?"], ["How many brothers do you have? What was it like growing up with brothers?", "I don't know how many brothers I have. I know one of them and I know there are at least 3 half brothers", "Have you tried to find any of the half brothers?", "No. I really don't care. I've heard they often have police encounters", "Are you interested in any type of justice degree?", "No, I'm studying linguistics in school", "What type of classes are you taking for a linguistics degree", "The only major-specific class I have taken is Phonetics"], ["I just fixed up the worst computer I've ever seen.", "What was so bad with the computer?", "They are always falling behind in technology and I like to upgrade them to make them more up to date.", "Have you ever had a computer you cant not update before?", "Actually, I have a new Macbook and I am not able to upgrade the memory or the hard drive because they soldiered the components onto the motherboard.", "That's bad, I guess the manufacturers do not want people changing them.", "Yes, they would rather make the consumer go out and buy another computer versus being able to upgrade them, which will help them last longer.", "They should make it easy to repair and upgrade as it will be better for the environment in the long run.", "That is a great point to make. I didn't even think about how much that would help the environment. The little things can go a long way to help us change the environment.", "We all need to make small changes and it will make a huge difference over time.", "Yes, sometimes I feel that the little changes do not make much of a difference, but if everyone does a little change, it could help in a big way.", "Exactly, people think it means making big sacrifices but it does not always mean this."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Mark.", "I am an alcoholic. I have down push ups while drunk and puked.", "I am going to be a father soon. I have a son. I encourage my son not to drink alcohol when he is older. My ex does not trust me around my son since I am an alcoholic.", "I am a mechanic. My father was an alcoholic.", "I have ex wife."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jake.", "I am nearsighted. I do not like wearing glasses.", "I like fashion. I like to dress casually. I am thin. I like to work out.", "My father was not an alcoholic. My mother was an alcoholic. I have red hair. I hate my mother. I do not have a close relationship with my mother or my father.", "I looked up to the engineers at NASA growing up.", "I dont have kids."], "current_conv": ["You thought about if you want to have kids or not", "I still think that I'm not quite ready, either emotionally or financially.", "I see. Are you currently dating anyone? ", "Not currently. Honestly, I'm not great with relationships; likely because my mom gave me such a poor example of what women could be. Have you made any progress with your ex?", "Well, not all women are same. But I understand where you are coming from. Well, I am about to see her next week when I go pick up my son. We've been mutual. She's currently dating someone. ", "Ouch! Do you still have feelings for her?", "I do. I been we've been together for 10 years. ", "I'm so sorry, maybe it will eventually work out when she sees how hard you're trying. Have you been to any meetings lately?", "I'm going to a rehab center.. I think i'm getting a little better. ", "That's awesome! Is it an outpatient center? You're doing the right thing for both yourself and your son. I hope that if I ever do have kids and I make a mistake, I can own up to it and take responsibility like you're doing now.", "Yes it is, because I work.  I'm sure you'll be a wonderful father. Kids are a blessing and a reminder for us to stay strong. ", "Thanks for the encouragement! I've been thinking about group therapy to help with my relationship issues."], "history_conv": [["Hey! My name is mark..", "Hey, I'm jake. How's it going?", "It's ok. Just dealing with alcoholism!", "That's unfortunate. I'm dealing with nearsightedness. I hate wearing glasses.", "I hear ya. So I have a baby on the way! That is good news..", "Congrats. How exciting. So any hobbies?", "Well, besides being a drunk and a mechanic, not really! You?", "I'm into fashion, although I dress casually. Into working out, although I'm thin.", "Did your father have a drinking issue like mine did?", "No, but my mom did. I hate her, she gave me red hair.", "I don't know what to say to that? I'm so sorry..", "It's okay. It is not your fault.."], ["Since your relationship with your mother is so strained, do you have a close relationship with your father?", "I do not. He enabled her actions and attitude.", "Who was a role model when you were a kid if you can't stand your parents", "People like the engineers at NASA and other nerds that I randomly met.", "Oh, that's nice, have made a workout breakthrough yet, like 100 pushups a day", "How do you do that many when your drunk all the time?", "Hmm. that's a good question, the first time I did push ups drunk I  puked after 3", "That must not have looked that good for your son.", "No, I told him not to do alcohol or that would happen to him", "Thats good, I hope things are ok with the mother.", "Well, his mother is not ok with me being an acholic, so she does not trust me around him", "Throwing up when you did pushups must have been really bad for her to see then"], ["If you plan on having kids later on, what is something you would do differently than your parents did to ensure you have a better relationship with your kids?", "I would make sure to check in with them often and ask how they are doing, feeling, how their day went. I would listen. I would always be there for them.", "That sounds like a really good thing to do. Sometimes that is all that is needed.", "Yes, some people would think you have to buy them things but it's really about just being there for them. Them knowing you are there gives them confidence to go out into the world.", "Exactly, most the time children just want to spend time with their parents. They do not care what it is doing.", "So true. How is your son? Have you gotten a chance to spend time with him?", "I get to spend some time with him but I do not get to be with on my own though. People do not have much trust in me.", "I feel for you. Don't be hard on yourself. Slowly I hope you can rebuild trust with your ex.", "I am trying to get better but I may have lost my chance to be a good dad.", "It's never too late. I'm sure your son misses you and wants to spend time with you. Maybe if you go to some meetings your wife will trust you again. I really hope so.", "I hope so to. All I can do is do everything that I can and if it works out then that is good. I biggest fear is my son follows my path.", "I understand. You just want the best for him and you don't want him to be in pain or suffering. If your ex truly understood that, maybe she'd go to a meeting with you. It's hard when you feel alone with that kind of pain."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Virginia.", "I have two dogs and one cat. My dogs are named Skippy and Jetta. My cat is named Foster.", "I bake brownies. I have grown to like chocolate.", "I struggle to run 5km.", "I have a Golden Retriever and a Labrador. I enjoy running with my dogs.", "My dog Jetta is almost 10 years old.", "I like the harder edge brownie pieces."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog named Java.", "I like chocolate with caramel.", "I like to run twice a day.", "I have a Goldendoodle that is 3 years old. My dog likes to eat peanut butter treats.", " I've also owned a golden retriever.", "I like soft, gooey brownies."], "current_conv": ["How is Java doing? ", "Java is going great\u2026. In lala land after his meal! What about your furry family?", "The dogs are wonderful, but my cat seems a little sad.  She hurt her front paw and is limping when she walks.  I'm not sure if I should take her to the vet or not. ", "Oh boy! I wouldn\u2019t wait too long. If it doesn\u2019t go away soon just take her to the vet\u2026 better safe than sorry", "I know you're right, but sometimes those vet bills can be outrageous.  I think I'll give it a couple of more days to see if she gets better on her own.  You been out on any runs lately? ", "I totally agree\u2026 thos enormous bills are what keep me from getting another pet. Well, I hope she bounces back soon :) And yes, I just came back from a run half hour ago. Java tagged along happily which is why he was ready to eat and snooze soon as we got back lol", "It must be nice to be able to take Java with you when you run. My dogs just want to stop and sniff EVERYTHING when I take them out with me.  I can't get them to pay attention and run along beside me.  But I'm not much of a runner anyway.  I do enjoy taking them for walks. ", "By the way when are we going for that run, or brisk walk if you prefer, with the doggies? Actually I\u2019m in it for the brownies you promised to bring ;) We\u2019ll keep it short so Jetta can join too!", "That's right, we need to set a date.  I just made a big batch of brownies last night.  They turned out really soft and gooey, just the way you like them. Do you want to meet up at the beach? I do love the ocean.", "Woohoo\u2026 Beach would be purrrfect! Don\u2019t forget to bring a bowl for water to keep the kiddos hydrated.", "That's a good reminder, about the water.  Jetta will definitely need water breaks.  I'll even try to find some peanut butter treats for the doggies, so they can have a snack while we enjoy our brownies.  Want to meet up Saturday afternoon?", "Saturday afternoon it is! Since you\u2019re taking care of doggie treats, I\u2019m going to make some killer sandwiches for us and make it a picnic!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. How are you today?", "Tired. Just came back from my run. How about you?", "Finer than a frog hair split four ways. Have a good run?", "Hah! Haven't heard that one yet. Almost spit out my drink..", "Backwoods virginia slang for you.", "I guess so. Anyways, my dog chased a frisbee halfway across the park..", "I know how it is. I have two dogs and one cat. It gets interesting.", "That sounds hectic. What are their names?.", "Skippy and jetta for the dogs and the cat is foster. What's your dog's name.", "The big goofball in question is named java. After what he has to be drinking..", "Hey the pup has taste.", "Well, at least I know where all my pick up and go went..", "Right. My pets like to steal brownies.", "What kind? Java would get in so much trouble. Mint chocolate is not for doggos.", "Chocolate chip. Once the cat knocked a whole pan one the floor for all.", "So evil. Well, I've got to go pick up groceries. Talk to you later. ^^."], ["I just baked the most amazing pan of brownies and I can see my pets already planning how to get it.", "Uh oh, better be careful with all that chocolate!", "I know, it can be so bad for them. But for some reason they love it... I dont understand why?", "Real answer, they didnt evolve around it so they dont know. My answer, no one can resist chocolate!", "The older I have become, the more I have grown to like chocolate. I didn't like it when I was younger, really? What is your favourite chocolate?", "Any chocolate with caramel inside i cannot turn away from ha. Oh did you add anything to your brownies?", "I didn't this time. Next time, I will definitely. Caramel is so nice with chocolate, but I find that it can be super rich sometimes and sickly.", "Yeah, there is definitely a balance that needs to be worked out.", "It is so easy to over-caramel. But I love it. It really is a Catch-22. With your running, do you do it because you feel guilty eating chocolate?", "Haha no. Just like caramel in chocolate i keep a good balance with my exercise and eating habits.", "That is probably the best thing, keeping a good balance. How far do you run, usually? I struggle to run 5km.", "I try to do 3 in the morning and 5mi at night if i have the time."], ["How is your dog doing?", "My dog is doing good. She is a 3 year old Goldendoodle. What kinds of dogs do you have?", "That's great! I have two, Skippy is a Golden Retriever and Jetta is a Labrador. If Skippy didn't have much longer fur you would think they're siblings! Did you get Java as a puppy?", "Oh those are wonderful breeds. I used to have a gold retriever! I adopted Java when she was only 1 month old. We got her from the Amish country in PA.", "I would love to see your Goldendoodle one day. I don't think I've ever seen one in person, only on photos. They look so adorable! Maybe we could go on a run together one day and bring the dogs.", "They get super fluffy. I think it would be a great idea to go for a run with them. Good exercise for them and good exercise for use.", "That's true. Jetta is almost 10 years old now so depending on how long of a run we go for I might just keep her at home. She's still getting as excited as a puppy when we go for walks, but I think a long run would be too much for her now.", "I agree. With the hot temperature, we will have to bring a dog bowl to make sure they stay hydrated.", "That's a good idea, and I might bake some brownies for us, for after the run! I could even put some caramel swirls on top for you.", "I would love to have some brownies. I like to eat the middle of the brownies, since the edge of the pan always has a harder edge.", "That's perfect since I like the harder bits on the edges a little bit more! Maybe we can get some coffee and sit down somewhere with the brownies after the run. I'll also bring some treats for the dogs. What kind of treat does your dog like?", "That works out perfectly! I think there will be a picnic table around. My dog likes any kind of treat that has a peanut butter flavor. How about your dog?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I really like Mexican Food. I like Mexican women.", "I like drinking. I have a dog named Drunky. I like to play music.", "I own a Subaru Legacy. I play all genres of music. I play the guitar.", "I like to go to bars. I like to go to live band venues.", "I go to a live band event every week if possible.", "I like festivities and camping out for festivities."], "partner_persona": ["I like drinking more than eating.", "I am a mechanic. I can fix cars.", "My wife is pregnant. My wife is working.", "My woman doesn't like spicy food. I will try the American version of Mexican food.", "I don't like public transportation. ", "I like live music.  I miss festivals. I like camping out for festivals.", "My wife and I will try going to a local festival soon."], "current_conv": ["So tell me, did you and your wife end up going to your local festival?", "We were on the way out the door and unfortunately she suddenly had really bad morning sickness so we had to pulll out, such a bummer! ", "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that! Is she feeling any better? There will be other events, as long as she is ok. ", "It's true! Obviously her and the baby are the main priority, so I was okay with it. And not really, she's sort of been sick since then unfortunately. Have you gone to a concert yet this week? Might have to live vicariously through your music-going for the time being haha", "Lol, yeah I hear ya. I haven't yet been to one, but its almost the weekend lol. I hear there is a bluegrass band playing in the next town over, going to go check them out. Should be a quiet, small event, if she is up to it. How much longer until she is due?", "Oh cool, I might actually ask her! We both love bluegrass so that sounds great. And she's got another three months to go", "OOo, getting close! By next season, you will be able to go camping again hopefully. I can't imagine it is comfortable for her at this stage. Is she still working? ", "I know, it's pretty crazy. Hopefully but maybe not with the baby haha. And yeah she's still working but only for a couple more weeks. Do you imagine you and Drunky wiill ever settle down, do the whole wife and kids thing?", "If I could find someone to put up with me, maybe lol. But I doubt it, there aren't too many who would tolerate my lifestyle. Drunky is awesome though, he could attract a mate easily enough lol. ", "Haha good for Drunky! I knew he had it in him. But I'm sure you'll find someone, but the lifestyle also sounds pretty good from my perspective right now haha.  Have you had more time recently to play your guitar?", "I play every day, a big part of why I don't think I'll settle down. Jam time is more important than social time lol. Have you gotten any new project cars in to work on? Will you be taking time off when the baby is born?", "If I had your talent I'd probably be exactly the same way! And no, all about building cribs at the moment haha. And yeah I'm going to take two months off which I can't wait for, although cant imagine they'll be any room for car time in that period lol "], "history_conv": [["I can't get enough of this mexican food. I like it a lot. What's your favorite food?", "I'm more into drinks than food. What do you do for fun?", "I like drinks, I named my dog drunky. I like to play music. What about you?", "I like working on cars, I'm a mechanic. What do you play?", "Oh good, you can work on my subaru legacy. I play all styles of music.", "I would be happy to, have to make money for the baby on the way..", "Yes you will need a lot of money and mexican food for a baby.", "My woman isn't big on spicy food. Do you have a recommendation?", "Eat the american version of mexican food. It is mild and not spicy. Soft taco supreme..", "Will do! Do you live in mexico?.", "No I just like their food and women and my subaru is make a funny noise.", "You should bring it in. I can look at it. Tomorrow work?"], ["Thanks for fixing my car so quickly.  So far, it is running smoothly.", "Hey that's great! Any other problems you have with it you know where to find me. Suburus are great cars.", "For sure, thanks! How is your wife doing with the pregnancy?", "She's been ok thanks. Still in the second trimester so still a while to go. She's still at work.", "That's good she's still working, new babies are so expensive lol. Have you gone out to the bar lately?", "I don't really like to go out drinking too much with the wife unable to drink right now. Sucks really! How about you? You been out much?", "Hey I hear that and totally understand. Very respectable of you. Yeah I am still hitting up the bars, I love the ladies!", "I don't blame you! Not so much fun when the ladies are pregnant let me tell you! Are you much of a nightclubber or just straight drinking?", "Eh a little of both depending on how I am feeling. I been going to a lot of live band venues lately", "Are you ever tempted to perform at any of the venues? Get the guitar out perhaps?", "Not really, I haven't spoken with any of those friends for a while. I mostly just go to music venues and I play a lot of music at home", "Yeah ok. Just thinking of going out to see some live music while I'm at home with a pregnancy. Getting a little jealous here let me tell you."], ["My car has been running great, thanks to you.", "I'm glad to hear it. Have you been playing your guitar lately or seen any live bands?", "I try to go to a live event every week if I can. I haven't had time recently to play the guitar as I have been needing to use the bus to get about. Takes a lot longer using the bus than a car.", "Yeah I really don't like public transportation if I can avoid it. I'm happy to help with your car any time. Live music is great. I miss going to festivals.", "Did you find out what was wrong with the car in the end? Festivals are great, even better if you can camp out for a few days there.", "Yeah! I love camping out and they have such cool food there and all kinds of drinks. Love to sleep over and wake up to some great music. Yes, it's the alternator, but, don't worry, I'll get you a good price and repair it.", "I always over do it with the food and drink when I go. It is worth it though when you can just wake up and go straight to the stage to watch some live music.", "Yes, I miss that. I'll ask my wife if she's up to going. Since she's pregnant, I let her make the rules.", "Ah you might have to give the festivals a miss for a few years. I can not imagine camping with a small baby!", "Ha! Yes. But, she's still got another trimester to go, so she may want to go just for the day. But, yeah, I wouldn't go camping with a small baby either.", "You might have to go soon then and like you say just go along for the day. Your wife would probably get quite tired with all the walking and standing though.", "We have one that is local and I think we'll try that. And, I'll let her just sit by the stage while I get all the food and run around."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run on my school's track team.", "My mom is a homemaker.", "I won a scholarship to go to University of Houston. My room and board at college will be paid for. I practiced track a lot.", "I have 2 weeks left at high school. I am planning for college.", "I have a room at college. I do not have AC in my room. I bought a fan. I bought a bedspread. I bought desk supplies.", "I will have a roommate. I do not know my roommate. I will find out my roommate next month. I am excited and nervous about college.", "My mom went to college. I have siblings.", "My mom is good with me going to college. My dad is sad I'm growing up. I am in track. My dad yells from the stands at my track events."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a library. I often find my job boring.", "I play the flute.", "I have three children. All of my children are under age 9. Two of my children are in 2nd and 3rd grade..", "I take a boat across a river to work.", "I have a library science degree. I enjoyed college. My first dorm did not have AC. I worked hard in college. I got good grades in college. I wish I had spent more time having fun in college.", "My oldest is a boy. My oldest son is almost 10."], "current_conv": ["I only have 1 more week of school! I'm so excited to be finished. This last week is pretty much just hanging out and getting ready for graduation.", "Are you finished getting your  stuff for U of H? I know you were super excited.  What are your summer plans?", "Yes I am \u00fcber excited! Still kinda undecided about plans for summer but spending more time with my mom and dad is top of the list!", "Have you found out who your roommate is yet? I know you said you were going to find out this month.", "Not yet but I\u2019m both excited and apprehensive about it at the same time. It is som important to have compatible roommates\u2026", "Absolutely. My roommate and I were night and day. She was a real partier and I was always studying. It kind of worked out though, as she I was always in the dorm room and she was never home.  ", "Haha that gives me hope\u2026 things CAN work out even if the personalities are polar opposites :) Are the kids excited about summer break?!", "Yes! I have them all enrolled in camps and activities for a good portion of the summer, mostly on our side of the river so I don't have to bring them across the ferry with me. I'm also looking to take a couple weeks of vacation with them!", "That is awesome! Have you planned any family trips?", "Yes, we are going to World of Wonder in Kansas City!", "OMG\u2026 That is so cool! I bet the kiddos can\u2019t wait :)", "They are excited, they have so many more options than when I was a kid..."], "history_conv": [["Hi!.", "Hi! Finally a person. I get bored working in this library with no people around..", "Haha I totally understand that.", "It's a big library but nobody comes here anymore so it gets boring..", "Yeah it does. What do you like to do for fun.", "I like to play the flute a lot. It sounds good in this huge empty building.", "I really enjoy music as well! I also run track in school.", "I have three kids under 9 so this quiet building is good sometimes.", "Oh wow! I'm still in school but my mom is a homemaker and sympathizes lol.", "Two of mine just got started in school so it's a little break from the drama.", "Thats good. Drama is never a good thing haha.", "That's why I like taking the boat across the river to work everyday.", "Aww that sounds like a lot of fun.", "It is and the boat a lot safer than driving to work every day.."], ["I just got a letter informing me that I won a track scholarship! I guess I'm college-bound after all.", "That's great news! I'm so happy for you. Have you decided on a college?", "Looks like it has been decided for me! Haha! The scholarship offer is from the University of Houston and they have had some great track athletes over the years! I'm just so excited! I didn't think this would happen for me!", "I wasn't sure if the scholarship was awarded directly from a college or from a private organization. University of Houston huh, that's a great school. I'm excited for you too!", "From the school! Taking care of room and board too! Tell your kids to start running! It can pay off! Haha!", "I'll definitely tell them. There's so many scholarship options available these days. I hope there's still plenty of those options when my kids are in high school.", "There really are. Like you said, plenty of private organizations give them out also. A friend of mine just got one from his local little league organization as their way of giving back! They give out 3 $1000 scholarships every year and he was lucky to receive one of them. Just have to keep your eyes open for them!", "You're absolutely right! How is your mom doing? I bet she's so proud!", "She is ecstatic! I don't think I've ever seen her so happy! I think we might have to go out to celebrate! She's always supported me and getting me to all those practices!", "Aww, that's so sweet. My heart is so happy for the both of you. How much longer until you finish up with school?", "Only have the last 2 weeks to go so this scholarship definitely came at the last minute for me to start planning for next year. Are your kids almost done with school? What grades are they in?", "My two that are in school are in 2nd and 3rd grade. Their last day is next Tuesday. They are very happy that it's almost time for summer vacation."], ["I have been shopping online for things for my room at college.", "Cool! What kinds of things have you bought so far?", "I got a fan since there is no AC in the room.  I also got a new bedspread and all sorts of desk supplies.  Did you go to college?", "I did; I have a degree in library science. It was such a great time! I'm sorry there's no AC! I didn't have AC in the first dorm I lived in, either. Are you going to have a roommate?", "Yes, but I don't know who it will be yet.  I think we are supposed to find out next month, so we have a time to meet online and work things out before meeting in person.  I'm excited, but nervous.  Any words of wisdom for dealing with college?", "Hmm. I think the best piece of advice I have is to enjoy the experience. I worked really hard and got really good grades, but didn't spend as much time just being with other people and having fun as I wish I had. Enjoy yourself! It's such a good time to really figure out who you are and what you REALLY like.", "Thanks so much! My mom went to college and said she loved it even if she chose to be a homemaker once she had kids!  I just need to get these last couple weeks of high school finished.", "You're almost there. How are your parents handling everything? My kids are still young but it'll be so emotional when they graduate!", "My mom has been the strong one, but my dad can't even look at old photos of me!  It's funny because he is such a yeller from the stands at my track events, but if he sees my 9th grade pic he pretty much clams up and leaves the room.", "Aw, poor guy. It's pretty amazing to watch your kids grow up. I know its seems like my oldest was born just last week but he's already 10. I feel for your dad!", "I guess us kids don't always realize it.  We get a little sad, but we are just so ready to get going to the next thing.  I'm sure I'll have a moment or two when they drop me off at U of H in August.", "You definitely will. It's an emotional time. But you're going to have the best time in college."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a teacher. I often do not feel satisfied as a teacher.", "I like taking walks at the local park.", "I like the movie The Dark Knight.", "I sometimes volunteer at a homeless shelter.", "I like older Mustang cars. I've never owned a mustang, but I would love to buy one someday.", "I think restoring cars requires time and effort. I am not good at fixing cars.", "I usually spend about 10 minutes to grade one paper."], "partner_persona": ["I am a zookeeper.", "I enjoy flying kites.", "I am not a big fan of movies. I own 4 Mustang car. I enjoy working on my Mustangs. I have two vintage Mustang cars and two new Mustang cars. I am currently restoring a Mustang car. I love restoring cars. I keep the cars I restore. I may sell the cars I restore for the right price.", "I have a brother. I volunteer my time at my brother's grocery store.", "I am good at working on cars. I am working on a mustang.", "I think the best mustangs are the ones from the late 60's."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite animal at the zoo you are working at?", "It would have to be kangaroos, I think they are just very neat. I like marsupials in general, and find them cute to look at.", "And how can you not love the hopping? Have you been working with them for a while?", "I have, I take care of a wide variety of animals, but I definitely enjoy taking care of kangaroos the most. They are very docile and friendly once they get to know you, unlike some other animals which you still have to be cautious around.", "I can imagine. You always have to worry that a jungle cat will realize it's a jungle cat. Have you been a zookeeper for a while?", "I been a zookeeper for about ten years or so. I find it an interesting job, I definitely want to keep doing it for the time being. It does let me have a lot of time to restore my Mustangs, which is always a plus for me.", "Do you already have your eye on another Mustang?", "I have considered a couple that I might be interested in purchasing to restore, but I want to finish up my current car before deciding to purchase another one. I also have to consider the storage space, as I already own 4 Mustangs already.", "Right. Did you decide on swapping the engine? I guess you'd also have to consider the insurance!", "The insurance is also a definite costs to my budget, it really adds up. I ended up swapping the v8 engine to a more modern one, the old engine was failing in too many places and practically could not be repaired to working condition.", "Oh, wow. I guess that engine had been through some stuff. How are things at your brother's store?", "Its going alright, its seems buisness is steady for my brother. He mostly has had some issues with some stock for some unusual items, but he has worked it out and things are running smoothly for the time being."], "history_conv": [["Hello I am a teacher what do you do for work?", "I work with animals, I am a zoo keeper!.", "What do you like to do for fun?", "I fly kites when it is very windy and I am not working.", "I like to take walks in the local parks sometimes too.", "You should take a walk at the zoo, it is lovely.", "That sounds nice! What's your favorite movie? I like the dark knight.", "I am not the biggest movie watcher, I enjoy working on my mustang cars.", "That sounds great do you do any volunteering in your free time?", "Yes, I help my brother out at his grocery store, what about you?", "I work at a homeless shelter sometimes.", "That is honorable of you, do you have any pets?"], ["How many Mustang cars do you own?", "I have four currently! Only three are drivable at the moment though.", "Are they vintage or antique? I also enjoyed the older mustangs - the new ones look ugly to me.", "I have a couple of vintage ones and couple newer ones. The one I'm in the process of restoring is a 65.", "That's amazing! Lots of time goes into that, definitely a labor of love.", "Definitely, but I love doing it so it's enjoyable to me. Although sometimes, I have to step a way for a bit because it is a lot of work.", "I bet! What are you going to do with them once they are fully-restored? Sell them? I think it would be tough to put all that time and effort into something to then sell it and start over.", "For now I am keeping them, if the right deal came along I may consider selling one or two but it would have to be just the right numbers lol", "That make sense. I wish I was that hands-on with something. I am a teacher so it's a very different skill set.", "Being a teacher is a wonderful profession! You touch so many lives.", "I know, sometimes I feel like I work for them, and I don't get as much satisfaction out of it as I should.", "I think that is typical with many job types. The routine of it ya know?"], ["I'm so exhausted from grading so many papers!", "How many papers did you have to grade? I wouldn't even know where to start if I had to grade papers!", "I had to grade about 30 papers today! Yes, the first time I had to grade them I was completely lost as well, but it gets better over time.", "How long does it take to do one?", "It depends on the length of the paper, but I would say usually around 10 minutes for each one.", "That is very fast. No way I could do that. I am better at more practical things like working on cars.", "How is your latest mustang project going? Do you still have much left to do?", "It is going well and is running. In the world of cars there is always things to do. I will just buy more parts or swap the engine, its just a never ending cycle. Did you ever own an old mustang?", "I can imagine! No, I love the look and sound of them, but have never owned one myself. I would love to buy one one day though. Which one do you think would be the best one for me to get?", "Anything from the late 60s, those were the best years. I are getting quite pricey though as there are not many good ones left.", "Maybe I could get you to restore one for me! I would love to buy one as a project, but I'm not too good at fixing them myself.", "That would be great. I love working on them and they are easy enough to get up and running."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am organizing a protest to save bunny rabbits. I participate in animal rights protests. My wife wears fur coats. I want to save rabbits from being lab tested.", "I am vegetarian.", "I have a son. He wants to be a lawyer. My wife does not want my son to be a lawyer.", "I recycle cardboard and reuse it to make chairs as a hobby. I am making an online shop for my chairs.", "I own an online custom chair shop. I sell the chairs for about $100.", "I do not have a gym membership. I want to look at getting a gym membership. I do not do any type of workout at the moment. I am a novice at working out."], "partner_persona": ["I am vegan.", "My husband has done lawyer work with lab testing. I have a husband who is supportive of my protests.", "I work out at the gym. My job is in a gym. ", "I enjoy off roading with my Jeep wrangler.", "I am a vegan."], "current_conv": ["I just got my first large order on my online chair shop, I'm so excited!", "Congratulations!!! That is so exciting. Did they get a discount for the large order or pay full price? Either way, awesome!", "They get a slight discount since they ordered 3 dozen!  But, the materials and labor still cost so I can only cut down so much.  Most of the profits go into supporting my protests anyway.", "That is so cool! Is your son helping you with such a big order? Is the wife proud?", "My son is excited to help.  My wife, well, she is not so supportive of my work.  She feels that the money we make on these chairs should not go to animal rights and we have been having more and more fights about that lately.", "Oh no, I am sorry to hear that. You two are certainly an odd couple. I wish she would support you more, especially since you are clearly doing well with this business. ", "Thank you.  The more I talk about it, the more it becomes apparent that maybe we aren't a good fit together anymore.  We seem to have grown in separate directions. I think she is thinking the same thing.  I saw a letter to her with a return address of a law firm.", "Oh my goodness! You think she is going to ask for a divorce? Do you think that will be better for all of you. The fur coat was a red flag, but I get what it is like. Sometimes you just need to see how red that flag can get.", "I think she is at least considering it.  Honestly, I am almost beyond caring what she does as long as I can still have time with my son.  And, you are right - I should have seen things when the fur coat was purchased!", "Aww. Maybe it will be better for all. You could take her out on a date this week and see where her head is at. Do you think it could be amicable? ", "I think it will be far from amicable.  Unfortunately, she is becoming more and more materialist and may want my business or at least some of the profits.  I can't have that since that helps with animal rights.  I think it will be a long and nasty fight.  I will not let my business go though.  ", "Oh no! How awful! I would start the process now then before the business really takes off!!"], "history_conv": [["I'm organizing a protest called save the bunny rabbits.", "I don't eat bunnys because of being vegan.", "I'm a vegetarian too but I want to save them from lab testing.", "Hmm. My husband has done some probono lawyer work with lab testing.", "My son wants to be a lawyer but then my wife tries to dissuade him.", "Do you workout? I really enjoy the gym.", "No, my hobby is recycling cardboard and I reuse it to make chairs.", "How interesting. I am also really into my jeep wrangler and off roading.", "All my other spare time goes into animal rights protesting and my boy.", "My marriage takes a lot of my time..", "Mine too and my wife won't give up her fur coats!!!", "That would be rough!.", "But she's making me look bad as a vegetarian and animal activist.", "Yes. I could see that happening.."], ["Organizing my latest protest to save rabbits has been very stressful today. Most of my time was spent with my son so I was not able to get much accomplished with the protest.", "Maybe you can get him involved somehow. It could be great later on a resume for law school! Have you been able to talk your wife into going to the protest?", "A little bit, it doesn't seem like she'll want to attend. Do you think you and your husband will be able to make it?", "If she does, tell her to keep the coat at home!!! Sorry. I know that is a sensitive topic for you two. And, yes, my husband is joining me. He was so upset after his last case when all those rabbits died. He says he will be able to help with any setup you may need. I will be at work until it starts.", "Great! That'll be a big help to have him there. Do you think he could talk to my son a little about his road to becoming a lawyer? And maybe my wife too so she can get more on board with it", "Absolutely! What is it that she has against him being a lawyer?", "She thinks he'll be unhappy in his career after a few years and that he'll have too much debt from law school", "I think you are going to make bank with those chairs of yours. She should not worry about that.", "Yeah once I get my custom orders shop off the ground i'll be able to send him off to law school debt-free!", "Then you can finally afford a gym membership and hang out with meeee :)", "YES!! It's about time! You've only been raving about your gym for months", "It is THE BEST JOB! And they have a smoothie bar that you will love. It is vegetarian but not vegan, so I am a little mad about it."], ["I have finally got my online custom chair shop up and running.", "That's fantastic! How much do you sell the custom chairs for?", "Most are around 100 but it depends on what sort of chair you want. For example, if you want it painting it will cost more.", "That's a great price. We need some new chairs for our waiting area at the gym. I will speak to my manager and see if we could maybe get you to make some custom ones for us!", "Awesome, would you be wanting all the same or a mix all different style?", "I think either could be fun, but I think most likely all the same. Maybe you could paint them in our gym's colours? Is it much more expensive to paint them?", "That would be a good idea, get all the chairs to match the rest of the gym. The paint itself is a little bit extra but it is mostly the time it takes to paint that makes them more expensive.", "Yes, that's understandable. Maybe you could join our gym for free and in return we could get a little discount on them.", "Ok that might work. I do not have a gym membership yet and it is something I want to look at getting.", "That's what I thought. Do you do any type of workout at the moment?", "None at the moment, any idea what would work best for a novice?", "At the beginning I would start working on cardio. I could show you the best machines for that if you like."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a headache from focusing on sheet music.", "I am in concert band season.", "I go with my parents on summer vacation. I have two parents.", "I like poetry.", "I wear sneakers often.", "I like to attend concerts. I hope to visit London.", "I like to eat out at restaurants. I am an adventurous diner. I like spicy food.", "I'm going on a vacation to England with my parents. I plan to stay in England for two weeks. I don't want to visit the London Eye.", "I like to visit the beach."], "partner_persona": ["I am tired from packing. I am moving to another state.", "I have brothers. I like London. I visited England. I have been to London. I like history and old architecture. I am not a fan of the London Eye.", "I cook.", "I love Indian food. I have eaten at Indian restaurants in London.", "I live in New London, CT.", "I recently moved to a new house in a different state. I still have to unpack my things from my old house.  My brothers helped me move.", "I would like to take my family on vacation soon.My family's beach house is near Cape Cod."], "current_conv": ["Does your family stay at the beach house year round or do you rent it out?", "We just use it for vacation and rent it out the rest of the time.  ", "I have never been to Cape Cod. I bet it's a popular vacation spot. The weather is probably nicer than the weather in London.", "For the most part its much better. There are days when you would believe you were in London. This is especially true for misty, gray days. Are you looking forward to your trip? ", "I am! I want to try the cuisine in England. The spicy food selection in London should be pretty good, I figure. I will eat my way across England.", "Don't forget the blood sausage and the clotted cream! I know it sounds very appetizing, ha ha. I understand a Christmas pudding can be kept for years due to the alcohol content. I would be really anxious to try that, not lol. ", "I've heard that the immigrants are the source of the best food in England. Indian, Chinese, Middle Eastern. I love it all. Maybe there is some kind of fusion cuisine there found nowhere else.", "I know first hand that the Indian food is very authentic. You can find many Indian restaurants in London. I haven't thought about the fusion cuisine, but if it exists, you'll find it in London.   ", "Sounds great. My food crawl across London will end when my innards burst! I've had fish 'n' chips, but it was too bland for me. I prefer food that fights back when I eat it.", "You will certainly find that at one of London's Indian restaurants. Just remember to stay clear of the Eye. Its super commercialized and has no Indian restaurants.   ", "Sounds like the Eye of Sauron. A giant evil tourist trap. I'll steer clear until I have to drop the One Ring into the fire.", "That would be my advice, just get in quick enough to drop the Ring. You wanna make sure you do what you can to take out the dark lord. "], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you?", "Tired. Just finished the last of the boxes. How are you?.", "I'm tired too. Too much focusing on sheet music. Gives me a headache. You moving?", "Yeah. Chasing a job two states over. What kind of music are you working on?.", "Concert band. Marching band season's over right now.", "Sounds tense. Maybe we both need a vacation..", "I usually go on vacation with my parents in the summer, when they are off.", "Oh yeah? Where do you end up going?.", "Wherever mom and dad decide. You have a favorite place to visit?", "Know how that is, my brothers always dictated the travel terms. London's nice though.", "I'd love to go to england to see all of dickens'settings, and austen's, and the brontes '...", "Bring proper shoes, then. Galoshes, even. My sneakers never held up to the rain that well..", "Especially if I'm slogging through the moors, right? I do wear sneakers a lot though.", "Right. Mmfgh.. Now I have to think of what to make for dinner tonight. Suggestions?."], ["I am finally ready for the upcoming concert.  It has been hectic, so my parents and I will get to go on vacation after all.  Fingers are crossed for England.", "Your gonna love England.  Are you going to be in London?", "I sure hope to be. There's so much to do there. My parents really love going there as well. Did you enjoy London?", "I'm a big fan of London...love the history and old buildings.  The Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey are some of my favs", "I'll have to make sure to visit those when I get there. Are there any places I should stay away from?", "I think the London Eye is a bit of a scam...it's just a big ferris wheel.  The lines are long and the tickets are expensive.", "That's a great tip. I'll make sure not to waste my time there. I'm excited for all of the great restaurants.", "Yes, the food scene has really improved there.  They have some of the best Indian food I've ever had there.  Do you enjoy Indian food?", "I really enjoy a spicy curry. I understand that Indian food is very popular in the UK", "Indeed, it is.  They have a large Indian population.  Try India India Restaurant off of Trafalgar Square.  IMO, they have the best curry dishes.", "I'll make sure to go there. Thanks for the great tip! Where are you living now?", "I actually live in a town called New London in CT, ha!"], ["I have booked a vacation to England, I'll be going with my parents.", "Oh, that is wonderful! You will love London. How long are you going?", "I'm planning to stay for two weeks! I'm so excited. Do you have any recommendations while I'm there? Definitely not visiting the London Eye, hahah!", "I don't have any plans for you, but I know that the weather is going to be great! Are you taking a direct flight?", "Aw, that's alright! Yes, thank goodness. Direct flights save me so much stress and hassle! Speaking of stress, how was the move to another state? Are you finally all settled in and relaxing?", "I am finally able to start relaxing a little more. We still have several rooms to unpack because we brought so much stuff from our old house. We have plans to unpack one room at a time.", "That's wise to take it slowly. You don't want to get overwhelmed! Are your brothers going to help you unpack at all?", "Yes, they helped me unpack a little, but they are now getting pretty busy with their own stuff. I hope they can come over and help me again soon.", "That's understandable. Maybe you can lure them over with the promise of some good Indian take out, hahah! Have you planned anything to reward yourself for you hard work? Maybe a vacation of your own or just a night out?", "I would love to take my family on a vacation to thank them! We have a beach house down by the shore! Maybe we will plan a trip soon! Then we both will be going on vacation.", "A beach house?! That sounds amazing, I'm jealous! I was at a concert at the beach last year and was thinking how amazing it would be to live near the ocean. Maybe I should cancel my flight to England and let you take me to the beach house instead, hahah!", "I would totally take you up on that offer! Now is the perfect season to head down to the beach house near cape cod! However, you'll love England!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in a warehouse part time. I'm bored at work. I eat a lot. I like to eat burgers.", "I enjoy pizza and burgers. I like watching movies.", "I have a car. I enjoy cruising in my car. I have a car that I drive to work.", "I have a dog. I also have a pet bat, which stays in a cage.", "I like children's books."], "partner_persona": ["I love my job. I have three kids at home. I have a husband.", "I don't have pets. I have not met a bat. I like to draw. I am a good artisit and am good at drawing bats.", "I write and illustrate children's books. I draw realistically.", "I test my books out on my kids.", "I like going to the movies with my family. I know a lot about movies. I want to take my family to see the new Cruella movie.", "I working towards my teaching degree. I'm going to school during summer to graduate early. It's taking me years to finish. I'm almost done with schooling."], "current_conv": ["When I woke up this morning, my bat was really lethargic and wouldn't fly. I'm worried about him.", "How did you get your pet bat?", "I inherited it from a friend who had to leave the country and couldn't take it with them.  I asked him where he got it and he said, \"You don't want to know.\"", "Hahahaha! Nice. I had a science teacher who loved bats. She also gave me detention for not doing my homework", "Hahaha!  I never liked doing homework myself.  I was just kidding about where I got the bat, though.  It makes for a funnier story to say I got it from a friend, but I actually found the bat as a baby.  It was hurt and looked like it wouldn't survive, so I nursed it back to health.  I might have told you that but I don't recall.  ", "The bat origin story is amazing, but so is the fact that you raised it as a baby. Luckily, I haven't seen any animals in need so far. I think I would eventually like a pet now. Your story is kind of inspiring!", "Feel free to incorporate it into your children's book about bats.  I still need to send you over pictures of my bat.  You'll have to tell me when your book is finished so I can get a copy.  Maybe it'll be the start of a big collection of bat-based literature.", "Bat-based literature sounds right up the Cruella deVille alley. Have you watched that film yet?", "I haven't seen it yet.  Have you thought more about taking your family to see it?", "We're seeing it tomorrow since school is ending. We're really excited, I'm a huge Emma Stone fan", "Oh, that's awesome.  That's such a fun treat to celebrate the end of the school year.  What grades are your kids in?", "Yeah its great! They're in middle school and high school."], "history_conv": [["I hate working in a warehouse. Even though it's part time, it's too hard.", "That does sound hard. I love what I do, although with three kids at home I stay very busy.", "Your lucky to have a job you love. I'd rather be eating pizza, burgers and watching movies.", "You sound like my husband. He likes to watch movies and eat pizza.", "I still like cruising in my car but I'd rather be eating pizza and watching movies.", "Movies are great. I don't have much free time, since I'm working on a teaching degree.", "This warehouse work makes me so tired, all I can do is lay around and eat.", "I do illustrations for children's books, so sometimes I feel like I'm sitting a lot.", "At least your doing something productive. I just stamp out widgets and stuff my face..", "Do you have any pets? I don't, unless you count the husband and three kids. :p.", "I have a pet bat I found as a baby and I raised it. It's friendly.", "That's an unusual pet! I have drawn bats before, but I've never met one."], ["Do your kids like to draw, too?", "Not too much. Have you watched any good movies lately?", "Not lattely!! All movie  are boring nowadays!! So, how is your teaching degree coming about??", "It's coming along pretty well. It's hard to juggle learning and having three kids. How's work?", "Boring as ususal. Everyday I just can't wait to leave work and ride my car to home to see my dog. You need to get a pet!!", "I will once the kids get older. I didn't know you had a dog. I only though you had a pet bat?", "I have a dog and a bat. I need a dog for company because the bat stays in a cage. You shoud come over to see my bat", "I've never been around a bat before, only have drawn them. Is it friendly?", "Only if you let them in the cage!! I bet you could make a great drawing of my bat.I should hire you!!", "I would love to! I'm really good at drawing bats. I could do a portrait of yours!", "Yes!! Me in my car eating burgers.2 of my favorites things to do", "My husband's favorite food is burgers"], ["I just saw a children's book about a bat with some great illustrations. Have you ever worked on a book about a bat?", "I have never met a bat, but I am really good at their illustrations, so I decided to write a children's book with animations of bats!", "That's amazing! I would love to send you some pictures or videos of my bat if it might help you get a better understanding of their anatomy for your drawings.", "Oh, I think that is a wonderful idea. I feel that the more I learn about bats, the more realistic my drawings of the bats will be!", "I'll have to send some over tonight! :) Do your kids get VIP access to your book when it's all done and ready to be published? I'm going to want to see it too!", "Yes they do! I always show my kids the final product to see how they like it before I send a copy out! I can certainly send you a copy free of charge.", "That is so sweet of you, but you deserve some kind of payment for all your hard work! Maybe I can trade you a couple of movie tickets so you can have a night out with the family :)", "That would be very nice of you! The family would love a night out! The movies is a great idea!", "Well I know you're the movie guru between us! Are there any new movies you've been itching to see? The new Disney Cruella might be a fun one for the kids!", "I heard that could be one of the best live-action movies that Disney has every created. I would love to go see it with the family!", "You might have some more free time to do it since the summer is coming up! Do you get a break from your teaching degree over the summer or are you going to have to work on it then too?", "I am continuing in the summer so that I am able to graduate early! I have been waiting for years to finish. I am glad that I am on the homestretch!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I eat gator. I eat Beyond meat substitute.", "I want a Camaro.", "I have a felony conviction.", "I go gator hunting and sell and/or eat the meat. I go gator hunting alone because it's more relaxing.", "I used to have a dog that went hunting with me.", "I'm a felon. I've been in jail. I took a canning class in prison. I used to have a Pomeranian.", "I am interested in new recipes for meat substitutes. I prefer vegan recipes.", "I like tacos. I have never tried apples slices on tacos."], "partner_persona": ["I do some gardening at a local garden. I am vegan. I grow food that I eat. I have been vegan for four minutes. I know how to cook vegan food.", "I have two dogs and two cats.", "I want to be a nurse. I recently started nursing school.", "I've never gone hunting.", " I like paddleboard and biking. I like spending time outdoors with my dogs. I have a Pomeranian and a Yorkie.", "I think gator meat tastes like chicken. I think gator tacos sounds good. I do not like the taste of cilantro. I have never had garlic in tacos. I like spicy food. I like apple slices on my tacos.", "I like food that combine sweetness and spice."], "current_conv": ["I took your advice and bought apples to slice up and try on my gator tacos this evening! I am nervous to try it! ", "Awesome! I can't wait to see what you think!", "I hope it is good. It seems a little weird to be putting apples on tacos, but I trust you on telling me it is good. ", "It's like putting mango salsa on your tacos but with a little extra crunch. Just make sure the slices aren't to thick. You want to make sure they're cut into thin strips or sticks. ", "So like the size of like a matchsticks. Ok that makes sense wouldn't want them to big. ", "Haha, yeah, now that would make it weird, but when you cut them up small, it's like adding a sweet crunchy garnish. It's delicious!", "Great, I can't wait to try it now. I know it will be great. How is nursing school going so far?", "Nursing school is intense! I love it, but it can be really stressful at times. ", "I am sure it can be stressful. But once it is over you can finally work in your dream job.", "Absolutely! I need to find ways to manage the stress, though, because it only gets more intense from here. I'm trying to make friends with some of the older students, so they can show my the ropes and give me some tips on how to manage it all.", "Is there anything you like to do for fun. You should make sure to do that to help with stress.", "I love food, haha! I really like experimenting with different flavors and textures in the kitchen. That's how I came up with the apple slices on tacos!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there. How's it going?", "Fine, just finished working the local garden and ready to relax.", "What kind of things you like to grow?", "Food to eat mainly, helps this vegan community college student afford life.", "So how long you been vegan?", "About 4 minutes now, my 2 dogs and 2 cats are happy for me.", "I'll bet! You can't eat cats or dogs when you're vegan right? What about gator?", "You sound like you own an airboat, or I'll never be a nurse!", "I'd be vegan if it weren't for the gator hunting. How long you been in nursing school?", "About 7 minutes now. Seems like I have a long ways to go.", "About as long as it'll take me to save up for an 81 camaro.", "You own it sooner if you weren't buy those 33\" tires!", "Maybe. And if my felony conviction didn't hurt my resume.", "I fault the car, but the claw won."], ["What's your favorite vegan recipe that a meat-eater might like?", "To get started, I would suggest using Beyond meat as a meat substitute. It is completely vegan and tastes just like real meat to help people ease into being a vegan.", "Thanks for the idea! I wonder if they make a Beyond meat substitute for gator meat. I could try to use some of my famous gator recipes on other Beyond Meats too", "I haven't seen any but that would be very interesting! Have you been gator hunting recently?", "Yes, just last weekend! I killed three gators, and I sold the meat to two of my friends. I kept one gator's meat all for myself though. Have you ever been hunting?", "No I have never done any type of hunting but gator hunting sounds the most intriguing, probably because you are the only person I know who does it. Do your friends go with you?", "No, I typically prefer to gator hunt alone. It is more relaxing that way. Are there other types of outdoor activities that you like?", "Aside from gardening, I like to spend time with my dogs outdoors. We hike, paddleboard, bike--well I bike they ride in the basket, and play fetch.", "That sounds like a blast! I used to have a dog who I would take with me for hunting. What types of dogs do you have?", "I have a pomeranian and a yorkie so they are both small but very active!", "Very cool. Pomeranians are great dogs. I used to take a Spaniel with me for hunting, but I lost him while I was in jail for the felony conviction.", "I am sorry to hear that! Have you thought about getting another dog?"], ["I finally found a Beyond meat substitute for gator! Can you help me come up with a recipe for it?", "really for gator? i don't know. I guess since gator taste like chicken you can substitute it in a chicken recipe.", "I was thinking something similar, but I do want to make it special. Vegan gator salad with mayo? Or vegan gator pot pie? I guess the options are endless.", "Yes. any vegetarian recipe would be good and just at the beyond meat.", "Oh my goodness! My gator tacos! That is what I will try first. How to you feel about cilantro? Do you grow it?", "Gator tacos sound great. no  cilantro for me. I never liked the taste. I learned that it is genetic in liking cilantro or not. For some people it taste like soap.", "I have heard that too! One of my prison buddies was so disgusted by it, he threatened harm to any one who added it to their homemade salsa in our canning class.", "wow, I don't know what to say. Getting shived over cilantro, haha", "I know, right? No fake gator tacos for him! Maybe I will try an aioli for these. Thoughts on garlic?", "I have never tried garlic on tacos. I like it spicy. I do like apple slices in my tacos though.", "Apple slices in a taco?! I have never heard of such a thing! What kind of spices go with apple?", "just your regular chili spices. With apple you get a great combination of sweetness and spice."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like going for walks and rock climbing and like the outdoors.", "I like both rock and classical music. my favorite music band is 21 Pilots. I am in college and working as a waitress in a family owned restaurant.", "I own and drive a hyundai elantra.", "I am originally from Ohia, but I now live in Florida and love the different weather here. I love hot weather.", "I helped my friend restore a Beetle.", "I recently went to a rock concert. I sometimes walk instead of drive.", "I am studying for a master's degree in criminal justice. I am close to finishing my degree. I take summer classes to accelerate my degree."], "partner_persona": ["I like to go shooting in the woods.", "I own two hand guns that I like shooting.", "I like classical music, my favorite piece is moonlight sonata.", "I own a volkswagon beetle.", "my family ancestors are originally from italy.", "I had my VW Beetle since 1985. I'm working on a restoration job.", "I can't stand hot weather. I prefer indoor events.", "I majored in criminal justice. I graduated college a few years ago. I liked to take accelerated classes.", "I like the band 21 Pilots.", "I am restoring a Beetle."], "current_conv": ["How did you come across the Beetle you're restoring, are you a fan of Volkswagen?", "Not Volkswagen specifically, I've just always loved the Beetle! I think it's such a cool and classic car. ", "What do you like about the Beetle?", "It's cute and fun to drive! And if you take care of it they last a long time too. What made you want to help your friend restore their Beetle?", "It honestly just seemed like a cool project. I knew nothing about cars and that was a great way for me to understand more. My poor friend had to have near infinite patience with me until I caught on, haha.", "That's a great way to learn about cars! That's how I learned - working on restorations. How's the weather in Florida? Is it crazy  humid yet?", "I live on the coast, so it's not as bad as it could be. I took a trip to Orlando, recently, though and man oh man am I glad I don't live there! It was like trying to breath through a straw at some points.", "Haha I bet! Being close to water is always a plus. Nice to drive along the coastline in my convertible bug!", "I love driving on the coast! One of these days, I'd like to drive along the entire Atlantic coast, and maybe even along the Pacific, too if I ever find the time to go out west.", "That sounds awesome! I hear the Pacific Coast Highway can be a beautiful drive. I imagine you didn't take too many coastal drives back in Ohio! hahaha", "Haha! More like I doing underground tunneling through the snow! I don't miss that one bit, haha.", "I don't blame you at all! I don't love being hot, but I definitely hate shoveling snow!"], "history_conv": [["Hi: I like going for walks and rock climbing...anything outdoors.", "The outdoors are fun! I like to go shooting in the woods.", "Do you hunt? If you do, please don't shoot the omnivorous animals.", "I don't hunt I just like to go shooting with my two handguns.", "Awesome! What about music? My favorite band is 21 pilots. Yours?", "I like classical music. My favorite is moonlight sonata. Do you like beethoven?", "I'm a rocker, working my way through college as a waitress in a family owned restaurant.", "What kind of car do you drive? I have a volkswagon beetle.", "I drive a hyundai elantra.....very economical like your bug.", "Cool! So where are you from? My ancestors are from italy.", "Ohio but, living in florida now. Love the weather change.", "Yeah I bet the warmer weather is much nicer."], ["how long have you been listening to classical music, do you have any other favorite pieces or composers you like?", "I like all the old masters...Beethoven, Amadeus, Chopin.", "I mainly like rock music, but enjoy classical as well. It can be a nice change. How long have you had your VW Beetle?", "I actually learned to drive with my VW Beetle.  I have had it since 1985.  It's a bit rough, but I am working on restoring it.", "That's very cool. I helped a friend restore a Beetle and it was a lot of fine since they are very simple cars.", "My restoration job would be a lot easier if I hadn't been using it for target practice while it was parked in the woods behind my property!", "Oh no! What made you decide to stop shooting at it and restore it to drive?", "I found out how valuable it was.  It has a split window in the back.  Not many of those around.", "Yeah that's what made me ask! they are hard to find in some places", "I think they are all down in Cuba.  So many classic cars there.", "Do you think they listen to classical music in their classic cars?", "Yes, definitely, they probably list to cassettes or 8-tracks!"], ["I was go drive my Hyundai but since it was a few blocks away, I walked to a rock music concert by my college the other day.", "Oh that's awesome! Was the weather bearable during the concert? Florida heat can be so exhausting during the summer!", "The weather was pretty rough, but I love the hot weather overall, so I can't really complain. Do you love the hot weather?", "Honestly, I can't stand it! I really have no tolerance for it at all. Luckily all of my college events are indoors so I don't have to worry too much! I've been meaning to ask you what degree you're going to college for?", "I am going to college for my Master's degree in Criminal Justice. I am almost done with the program. I cannot wait to finish as I feel like I have been in school for my whole life.", "That's crazy! That's what I majored in. I graduated a few years ago, but I completely know how you feel. It drags on forever! Are you going to take any summer classes to finish sooner?", "Oh wow! I am taking two classes in the Summer. They are accelerated, so I will be done with the two classes in 7 weeks!", "I used to love the accelerated classes, but they are so intense. My music was the only thing that kept me sane during the super long study sessions I'd have to do. You're definitely going to have to go celebrate after you finally graduate.", "I would agree that music has been my saving grace when it comes to studying, it helps me concentrate!", "Maybe as a graduation gift I can hook you up with some sick 21 Pilots tickets!", "That would be awesome, they are playing again at the end of the summer!", "I should be done with my restoration job by then so maybe I could come! Although I don't know if I'll want to be driving my newly restored Beetle around a bunch of wild rockers, hahah."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like jazz.", "I'm buying a car.", "I snowboard.", "I recently quit my job.", "I eat steak.", "I am buying an ice cream truck and will serve steak out of it. I am working to get my ice cream truck ready for sales.", "In my job I operated a jackhammer. I love cooking.", "I would like to attend a jazz concert. I am a busy person.", "I do not play an instrument. I would like to learn to play an instrument. I may try to learn to play the bass."], "partner_persona": ["I am in a band. I perform live. I play jazz music.", "I am in high school. I don't drive.", "I have parents. I don't want to be a teacher.", "I had a jazz concert recently. I haven't had any other shows except the jazz concert frequently. I am playing at the Jazz festival on Saturday night. My concert is near the marina in the park.", "I am going to major in music in college.", "I get nervous before my jazz shows. My nerves go away once I start playing my music.", "I think the bass is the easiest instrument to learn. I only know how to play the piano."], "current_conv": ["I finally got all the prep work done on my ice cream truck! Now I have to get all my permit and certificates so I can start selling ice cream and steak out of it! ", "Wow that's seriously so awesome! It's really coming together! If you need anyone to play some music on your opening day, let me know LOL", "Would you be down to play a show on opening day? That would actually be awesome and I think would draw a huge crowd. nothing beats ice cream and a show!", "Yeah for sure! I'd love to do that. As long as I get some steak haha I love that you're selling steak out of an ice cream truck. Such a unique idea!", "I think so too! A lot of times when people have an ice cream truck they go with things like hot dogs and burgers, I am like nah, lets get a little wild and go steak. Of course the steak sauce will available too!", "Yum that sounds so good. Making me hungry! I'm so excited for you...a new adventure awaits!", "I just wanted to do something I enjoy, and that is making others happy! So that always makes me feel good. How is your band doing? Any big gigs coming up?", "That's awesome. Yup we have a gig coming up next week. It's a pretty big one so we're excited!", "Is there any tickets left? I have been wanting to go to a concert!", "Yes there should be! I'll forward you the email with all the details so you can buy tickets. Would love to have you come.", "That would be amazing! i will be there front row just vibing, dancing my face off with a drink in hand!", "Haha the dream! Maybe I'll pull you up on stage for a song LOL think you could handle the tambourine? "], "history_conv": [["Hey, hows it going!", "Good, just got out of band practice. Got a concert coming up!", "Sweet, I like jazz personally, charlie parker type stuff.", "Cool, we are playing jazz music at the concert..", "If I wasn't buying a new car I'd probably want to know more about the concert location!", "Wow, what kind of car is it?", "Not sure yet, something I can take to go snowboarding!", "Cool, I am you and still in highschool. I can't drive yet.", "Cool! I just quit working for cisco so looking for something new soon.", "How long had you worked there?", "Long enough to know it's not what I want, anyway I'm about to eat some steak c-ya!", "That's interesting, my parents are teachers and I don't want to be one.", "I don't blame you!.", "I am still in highschool and I still have time to pick, have a good day."], ["How was your jazz concert?", "It went well, but our saxophonist was a little under the weather and couldn't catch his breath.", "Sounds like they should have taken the day off. Have you had any other shows recently?", "No, but we are playing at the Jazz festival saturday night.  You should come!", "I'd like to. I'm buying a car right now so I should be able to make it there. Where is it at?", "Down near the marina in the park.", "Sounds great. I just quit my job earlier today so I should be free to make it there to see you! Would you like a ride since you don't drive?", "I'd appreciate that!  What kind of car did you finally decide to buy?", "I ended up with an ice cream truck. It's not very fast but it's a lot of fun! I'm going to serve steak out of it.", "What a great idea! Is that why you quit your job?  What did you do before?", "I operated a jackhammer. I enjoy cooking so much I wanted to do that instead.", "It's always best to do what you like. More rewarding that way.  That's why I'm going to major in music in college."], ["Do you have any jazz shows coming up?", "Yes, I am playing in a concert at the Jazz festival on Saturday night! Would you be interested in coming?", "I would love to, but I'm so busy with getting the ice cream truck ready. I really hope your concert is going to be a big success though. Are you nervous playing in front of so many people?", "Sometimes I get nervous, but once I get into the music everyone disappears! I have a great idea, why don't you bring the ice cream truck to the festival, it would be great for sales.", "That would be a great idea, if I get it ready in time I will! What instrument do you play?", "I would do you best to try to make it to the concert. I play the piano! Since you love jazz, do you play any instruments?", "That's so cool. No, I don't, but I would love to learn to play one. What would you suggest is a good first instrument to learn?", "I think that the easiest instrument to learn is the bass. Once you learn, you can try something else.", "Sounds great. Do you know if a bass guitar is expensive to buy?", "I think that you can get one for a few hundred dollars. Once you decide if its the right instrument for you, then you can look into getting a better one.", "I might just get one and start learning! Do you play any other instruments besides the piano?", "Unfortunately, I am only really comfortable with the piano! I find it difficult to learn new instruments, so I only focus on one."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love ice tea. I have a kitten.", "I grew up in big cities.", "I go to the zoo weekly. I like the tigers and monkeys. I think monkeys are good to photograph."], "partner_persona": ["I am separated from my wife.", "I just got to america.", "I worked in metal work factories.", "I wish I had pets. I have a kid who wants to go to the zoo. My kid likes monkeys.", "I like to take pictures.", "I have a daughter. My daughter is 8. My daughter is independent. I think monkeys are funny.", "My daughter goes to a good school.", "My daughters independence is frustrating to me. My daughters mother is gone. I find parenting hard.", "I have thought about getting a nanny. I think family time is important."], "current_conv": ["I have decided to visit the zoo again next week, maybe I'll see you there.", "That sounds like a wonderful time. I'm excited. What's your favorite animal there?", "There is this beautiful tiger name Joshua. He looks so elegant, but he tries to pee on visitors. I think he is unhappy there. I want to see him again although it breaks my little heart.", "I know what you mean. I love seeing the animals, but I get wicked sad when I think about them living in cages and confined spaces. At least they are safe from poachers.", "That is true. Maybe your daughter would enjoy a trip to the zoo with you. Some great bonding time!", "I keep pushing for her school to take a field trip there, just so I have another reason to go see the animals.", "Ooo! Why won't they? That sounds great! You could also get her a pet. It will help her to work on being responsible. Kittens are pretty great ;)", "I am not sure we are ready for a pet at our house. It's crazy enough! Maybe a fish or something, but no cats or dogs for a while. I know she'd love having a kitten, but I am not ready. Do you have any pets?", "I still have my kitten. She is a sweetheart. Not as much work as you would think since they do not need to go on walks. Basically we just get to enjoy pets together.", "But you can't really leave her, right? My family like to go on camping adventures over the weekend, not sure how that'd work with a kitten at home.", "I may need to wait a few more months, but then I would not feel bad leaving her for a night or two. They do have kitty daycares too!", "THat's true. I'd feel a little bit bad about shipping her off somewhere for a night or two, I am sure she'd get confused."], "history_conv": [["I love this iced tea but my cat just spilled it. Do you have pets?", "My wife took them when I moved out.", "Oh sorry to hear that. Unless you perceive that as a good thing.", "Well, I am glad our child will have them with me away.", "That's good. You can take them to the zoo. I go there a lot to see animals.", "Which one? I just got to america and don't know any places.", "Most major cities have a good zoo and kids love them. I don't know all the names.", "I see, with british leyland the way it is, I had to go to unfamiliar lands.", "I grew up in several big cities and always loved visiting the zoo.", "The factories I metal work at are always in cities, so I am there too.", "My cat has a kitten now so I am starting my own zoo now.", "It's like you are a grandparent now. Have you told the family?"], ["I followed your advice and told the family about the kitten.", "How did it go? I hope everything went well.", "How what did  go?? Can you be more specific??", "Telling your family about the kitten? You said you told them. I wish I had pets.", "Tell my family what about my Kitten??? You make no sense.I think you are working to much on that factory.", "Ugh, fine. We'll talk about something else. Have you been to the zoo at all lately?", "You know I go to the zoo on a weekly basis.It is my thing.Did you get a hobby after your divorce?", "Not really. Don't have the time, between work and childcare. My kid really wants to go to the zoo, what animal enclosures would you recommend we make a priority?", "Nothing beats the Tigers!! They are just gorgeous. The monkeys are funny.", "Cool, we'll make sure to stop by those two first. My kid is obsessed with monkeys anyway, so we'll probably spend half the day there!", "I bet you guys are gonna have lot's of fun at the zoo.That place is great", "I wonder if they have any family discounts? I'll have to check. Sometimes you can get in to places like that cheaper if you go at a weird time or on an off day. I could call in sick to work and go to the zoo instead, ha!"], ["If you go to the zoo be sure to bring a good camera.", "What are the best animals to take pictures of?", "You can take photos of monkeys, since your kid likes them. I bet it will be a good experience. How old is she?", "I guess monkeys are always doing something funny. My girl is 8 and is starting to get quite independent!", "You'll love monkeys. You know they are some sort of \"semi humans\" so they are quite fun to be around. Have you found a school for your child to attend?", "Yes we have a good school that very close, which works out well. I am sure the monkeys play tricks on people when at the zoo, they are just so funny.", "That's nice. Is her recent trend of independence worrying you?", "Not worrying but it is getting a bit frustrating as she insists she can do things all by herself. But that is not always the case.", "That's quite normal for kids as they grow toward puberty. But then you can always sit with her and affirm to her that you are there for her- probably her mother's absence is a contributing factor to that.", "That is probably a good idea. It can be hard being a parent as it is something you have learn whilst doing it.", "That's true. It's often said that everyday presents us a learning opportunity, and I agree with that. Not only does it apply in parenting, but also in other aspects if life. Have you considered getting a nanny to help be with her while you're mostly at work, or she isn't for the idea?", "It is something we have thought about but we want as much time as possible to be family. I think sometimes people forget that is the most important thing."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a smart car. I'm moving near a beach. I want to retire at the beach. I surf at the beach.", "I have blonde hair and blue eyes.", "I went to college in Alaska. I did not finish college. I was socializing. I met my wife at school. My wife has a good job.", "I liked girls in college.", "I am unemployed. I am interested in a surfing instructor job. I will do great if I work 5 hours a day.", "My uncle is an MD. I studied organic chemistry before college.", "I need practice with job applications. I love surfing. I use surfing to take my mind off things going on in the world."], "partner_persona": ["I am going to college next year. I'm studying neuroscience. I took organic chemistry in my 4th semester.", "I work in a fast food restaurant.", "I am trying to save money. I want lots of ice cream.", "If I become a neurosurgeon I will try to work in Southern California.", "I want to be a research scientist. I would love to work on developing new medicines.", "I love learning about chemistry.", "I would love to use science to answer all the questions about life but do not think they will all be answered.", "I can not surf. I wish I knew how to surf."], "current_conv": ["With some encouragement from my wife and applied for the surf instructor job! Now I just have to nervously wait for a response. ", "That's exciting, I wish you the best luck. That's way cooler than my gig! Flipping burgers gets to you after awhile. But there's ice cream!", "Yes, but you're in school, studying to become a neurosurgeon. At least you have a good paying job on the horizon. ", "Yes! I'm excited for that but right now it feels so far away. I'd like to learn how to surf, maybe you could teach me too?", "Of course I'll teach you. Free of charge, for sure. I just love to surf and to teach, so hopefully this job will work out. And life moves pretty fast, so you'll be done with school before you know it!", "Sounds good, thanks! Yeah I sure hope so, the late nights are getting tough. Hopefully it will get easier after I graduate. It sound like a perfect fit for you then!", "Well, if you get a job in Southern California, then we can surf all the time! Scripps is a good research place, I've heard. And there are a ton in Los Angeles, UCLA, USC, St. Jude, just a ton. Will you need to go on to grad school? ", "Yeah, I'm looking forward to moving there if I can. Surfing will be great! I'm glad there's so many. I think that I will, but I'm not sure yet. What did your uncle do?", "My uncle had to go to medical school after his 4 year college. He went to Boston College for his undergrad, then on to Duke Medical School. He then went to St. Louis for his residency and then was able to open his private practice. It was a lot of school, but worth it for him. I don't think I could do it, but I'm sure you can.", "A lot of school is right, most of that is ahead of me still. It's reassuring that he thinks it was worth it! I appreciate that, I'm sure I will envy you many times!", "Yeah, but think about the money! And of course all of the good you will do. You'll change the world! Or at least help someone live longer and/or better. Me? I'll just be teaching surfing! Ha!", "I hope I will, I have to keep reminding myself of that. Don't be hard on yourself, you'll bring many people joy with your passion. I'm excited for you to teach me, it will take my mind off of things."], "history_conv": [["Hows it going!", "It's good here! How are you?", "Rying to figure out how to get all my stuff in a smart car,time to move!", "Good luck! Where are you moving to?", "Somewhere with a beach! I'll fit right in with blonde hair and blue eyes!", "I wish I was moving to a beach! I'm going to college next year instead.", "Nice I was in college in alaska, dropped out after 3rd year though.", "What did you study? I'm studying neuroscience.", "Girls mostly! Since my parents are from the north they sent me there.", "Makes sense. What do you do now? I'm working in a fast food restaurant.", "At the moment, I'm jobless and carefree.", "I wish. I'm trying to save money for college so I can buy lots of ice cream.", "The beach keeps calling me, I want to retire there one day!", "That sounds like the life!"], ["I found a surf board to bring to the beach.", "Good for you!! I studying so hard I have no time to go to the beach.", "Neuroscience is a tough nut to crack! Have you done Organic Chemistry yet?", "Yes .In my 4th semester. I wish I could have tiem to date hot girls in college like you did.I bet you missed those days, right?", "My uncle's an MD. Right before I went to study pre-med in Alaska, he suggested I get a leg up on Organic Chemistry *before* I got to school. So, in the summer months between my senior year in high school and my freshman year in college, I read a text book and found a tutor....", "C'om now!! I blonde guy with blue eyes like you in college?? I bet the organic chemistry you studied was between you and the chicks.", "Heh, that's the problem: I didn't finish school *because* I was socializing hard. I met my wife there. Fortunately for both of us, she has a good job....", "Just to make sure you don't end up working in a fast food place like I do.Try to get a decent job!!!", "Oh, I will. Thanks! I have a line on a job as a surfing instructor! $30/hour!", "That is sweet!!! Good money!! Even better since you are moving near the beach!! I bet you are going to do great", "If I can manage 5 hours a day, I'll be doing very well indeed! Since the weather is usually good here in Southern California, it's doable.", "If I ever became a neurosurgeon. I will try to get a job in Southern California.Then you can teach me how to surf."], ["I found out more about the surfing instructor job hours.", "Do they work well for you?", "Mostly. I think I will go for it anyway. It will be good practice for job applications. What do you think you will do when you finish college?", "May as well give it go then, especially as you enjoy surfing so much. I like the idea of being a leading research scientist, developing new medicines.", "Oh yes, that sounds fascinating. I wish I had stuck with chemistry myself.", "It is amazing what you can do with chemistry. Sometimes it scares me how much we can learn about the world around us.", "I know what you mean. I wonder whether we will ever find the answers to the question of life.", "That's exactly what I want to try and find myself. I think it will be a question that never gets answered though.", "It's probably for the best. What would humans be like if there was no more to learn?", "We would probably end up ruining the universe. But you do not have to worry about any of that when you retire to the beach.", "Surfing is a great way to take your mind off things, especially the more worrying issues the world faces today.", "That must be awesome. I wish I could surf and forget about all the problems in the world."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am taking scuba diving lessons.  I have an interest in herpetology, the study of snakes.", "I was in the Marines. I went to Hawaii on tour three times.", "I have been through a divorce.", "I'm contemplating taking herpetology classes.", "I have pet snakes. one of them escaped couple days ago. I caught it. I don't like rabbits. My snakes are sedated, they never cause any harm.", "I study reptiles in general.", "I read \"Rational Male\" by Rollo Tomasi."], "partner_persona": ["I dyed my hair blue.", "My Spring break is coming up. I'll be going to Florida on spring. I'm thinking of trying scuba diving. I've never traveled to Hawaii.", "My mother bought me a new car. I recently had my 29th birthday and a party with friends.", "I am attending law school. I have one more year to go. I usually am studying and dont have a lot of free time.", "I am scared of snakes.", "I'd love to get a pet. I have no extra time."], "current_conv": ["So how is your new car? Do you satisfied with the present?", "Yes! Best present ever. But not sure how much driving I'll be doing once law school starts back up. How are the scuba diving lessons going?", "Great, I am glad you enjoyed it! The scuba lessons are going good! I am slowly learning the process. Have you given anymore thought into taking lessons yourself?", "Yeah, thinking I should seize the opportunity in Florida. Let me know if you have any pointers. The snakes still behaving themselves? No more escapes.", "Yes, I will let you know some pointers once I get further into the course. Maybe we can get together and scuba dive at some point. The snakes are behaving themselves, haha.", "Sounds awesome. So it sounds like you like your job. What do you do?", "I am currently in school learning about animals, I would like to be a veterinarian soon. Right now I am an assistant.  ", "Oh, cool. How does your interest in other animals compare to your interest in snakes? Maybe you can be a snake specialist!", "Yes, I would love to be a snake specialist, but unfortunately it is a difficult job to get in my region. ", "I don't believe you've mentioned where that is. Ever think of moving?", "I was thinking of moving in the future, but I have to finish school first. ", "Oh, I thought you were still thinking of whether to start classes. Choosing a school is a huge decision. Once you finish, the world can be your oyster."], "history_conv": [["Good day. How are you?", "I'm good, just finished dying my hair blue, what are you up to?", "Finishing up scuba diving lessons, feeding the snakes.", "Woah, you have snakes? That's crazy. Not scared of them?", "Nah, saw more scarier stuff in the marines. Snakes are easy.", "Is that where you became interested in scuba? Im going to spring break, might try it myself.", "I just needed a hobby to distract from the divorce. You ever been to hawaii?", "Ouch. Nope never been, is that where you live?", "I've been 3 times on tour. Where are you going for spring break?", "Driving down to florida, my mom just bought me a new car for my 29th!", "Happy birthday! Are you in grad school?", "Yup I am. Well law school actually, how about you?", "I've been thinking about taking herpetology classes. How much longer you got in law school?", "1 more year. What's herpetology? Sounds like a disease."], ["I meant to tell you, herpetology is the study of snakes, by the way.", "What got you interest in that sort of thing?", "When I was a kid I saw a snake shed its skin. Just a little cornsnake type thing, but I thought it was so crazy!", "That would have scared me so much. I'm still very anxious around snakes.", "That's understandable. I was a little bit too, but it's like anything - the more you know, the less your fear. How was your birthday by the way?", "It was pretty nice. I had a party at a nice restaurant with a few friends. It was nice to take a break from my studies and hang out with them. I don't get to do that much these days.", "That's understandable. I'm definitely going to make the most of my spare time before I start classes if I end up enrolling!", "Do you already have a biology degree or something? Where would they allow you to specialize in herpetology?", "There are some very nuanced and specific colleges. Like agricultural and farming colleges, but with exotic animals. Sadly you pay alot for that type of specialist knowledge.", "Yeah, I wonder how expensive it would be compared to law school. That would definitely be a big commitment.", "Probably about on par with law school, but with way less practical applications and earning potential after graduation? Lol. Unless I was an exotic vet, maybe?", "Well it would definitely be an interesting life experience. I'm sure they need herpetologists somewhere!"], ["I almost didn't tell you, but one of my snakes escaped the other day! luckily i found him, so you don't have to worry haha", "Omg I'm so scared of snakes! Can't you get a cute pet like a rabbit?!", "Haha. I don't like rabbits, because for some reason, they end up messing the hood. Besides, the snakes I keep are always, say, sedated, so they never cause any harm. It's interesting having them", "How about another reptile like a gecko? They'd be interesting to learn about if you decided to do your herpetology course.", "I actually study reptiles in general, but I prefer keeping snakes for pets. I mean, you can't hang a gecko around your neck while basking at the balcony and sipping some espresso.", "Haha too true! I'd love to get a pet but it would be tricky while I'm at law school. Do you think I'd be able to sneak one into the dorms?", "I'm afraid the authorities at school won't allow that. Besides, it may cause unwanted commotion at school as it will be frightening to your colleagues. However, you can keep one once you're done. How is law school taking you? I'm told you guys study the whole constitution in fine detail.", "What about a goldfish, could I get away with that?! It's soooo stressful, I know it will be worth it. How's work going for you?", "That could be easy to keep at school, because it's widely regarded as innocuous. Work is doing me fine. I'm getting back at my feet after my divorce which milked a lot of my resources. Be careful when selecting a partner, else you'll get screwed up.", "I appreciate that advice! You need to get yourself back on the dating scene.", "I have to admit that I was young and impulsive when making my former choice, but then now I'm wise enough. I'll be cautious and all rational when I next meet someone. Consider reading the book, \"Rational Male\" by Rollo Tomasi. That book with model you really well, for this life.", "I'll look into ordering that for my spring break trip to Florida. Do you have any holiday plans?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work in the food industry. I am a dishwasher.", "My favorite band is 21 Pilots. My favorite concert was 21 Pilots.", "I might buy a Subaru or an Audi.", "I just bought a 2021 Subaru. My dream car is the Subaru I just bought.", "I just paid $35k for my new car. I was torn between a 2020 or 2021 Subaru."], "partner_persona": ["I like music. I make salary plus commission at work.", "I like to listen to Sabbath. I like classic hard rock music. I saw Black Sabbath in Stockholm. It was my favorite concert.", "I'm a cute guy.", "I am a car salesman. I sell sports cars and sedans. I sell affordable cars. I sell expensive cars for a living.", "I think Subarus are nice cars. I have some Subaru sedans for sale at the dealership I work for."], "current_conv": ["I drove my new car to work this afternoon to show it off! Everyone seemed really happy for me! ", "Thats great! You like it then? Would you recommend it? ", "I love my car I would for sure recommend to my friends. I have been wanting this car for a long time. Like I said above I was just undecided about getting the 2020 or the 2021. Do you know what the biggest deafferents is between the cars?", "I should, but I can't think of them off the top of my head at the moment. What are the differences?", "I was not to sure that's why I was asking you. I figured with you being a cars salesman and stuff you would know.", "lol, I understand. I wish I could remember for you. I think it was something to do with the updated body style and safety ratings, and the better emission standards.", "It is okay. I know being home from work you dont want to really have to think about work. That's what I thought was the deference. I just got the newer one because this way I knew it had everything I wanted. ", "How does the music sound in it? Almost as good as concert sound?", "Yes, it sounds amazing. I did also upgrade to the best radio and speaker system I can get. I love being able to have the music like as if I was in a concert.", "That's my favorite part of a new car myself lol. The new car sound and feel, its a whole new experience even if its an old  favorite. Have you tried any other music, or just your favorites?", "Yes, it is one of the best things. I have not tried out any new music just my favorites for now. But I am open to suggestions on he music?", "I like rock myself, so I'd of course recommend my favorites lol. Sabbath would be awesome, or maybe Pantera. Something in between yours and mine maybe, Linkin Park or Metallica? "], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going. What are you up to?", "Hey. Just kickin it. About to make dinner.", "Nice, what are you making?", "Bone-in ribeye steak from trader joe's. It's kosker from teva.", "Sounds good! I actually have a job in the food industry.", "Oh yeah? What do you do?", "I clean the dishes and lick the plates clean. What do you do for a living?", "I work at a car dealership in sales. I am getting good at it.", "Do you like it? What do you do in your spare time?", "I am on salary plus commission, so I spend all my time there. I like music.", "Oh yea? My fav band is 21 pilots, you like them?", "I saw their show once. I like sabbath. Would have loved to see them.", "Never heard of them. What kind of music are they?", "Classic hard rock. Pre-metal."], ["Whats your favorite concert you've ever been to?", "I was at a Black Sabbath concert in Stockholm.It was epic.What about you? Whats is your favorite concert of all time?", "favorite for me was definitely 21 Pilots. I go see them every time they play within a couple hours of me!", "I dishwasher being a 21 Pilots fan?? That is unusual!!", "How is that unusual? I didn't realize your job dictated what kind of music you should like.", "You're right.I  sale cars while being a Black Sabath fan.That is also unusual", "You like what you like. what is a band or artist that you like that people would be surprised to find out you listen to?", "Black Sabath off-course.People at work think is odd a clean cute guy like me is on Black Sabath.Do you get that reaction sometimes?", "not with 21 pilots. what kind of cars do you sell?", "Mostly sport and sedans!! Are you in the market for a car?I can get you a great deal!!", "I was meaning like which brand. I'm looking at subaru and audi. have any of those?", "We sell the most popular brands. Not the luxury ones.We are the kind of dealership you can buy an affordable car"], ["I think I finally found the car I want!", "Yeah what car is it?", "I got the new 2021 Subaru.  It's my dream car!", "Yeah they are really nice cars. How much did you pay for it after?", "I think it was like $35,000.  Probably chump change compared to a lot of the cars you sell.", "Not bad at all, yeah I have some really expensive cars but do sell a few lower priced ones as well.", "Do you have any subarus at the dealership?  I don't know if they're technically sedans?  Definitely not a sports car!", "Yeah I got a couple of subarus here they are sedans.", "Is the 2021 model that much better than the 2020?  I really like mine but I wasn't sure which would be the better deal.", "There is not an awful lot of difference between them but I suppose thats down to the driver what they rather", "Ah yeah, the dealership I bought at only had the 2021 model.  I'm glad I didn't get scammed.", "No both are a good choice so you got a pretty good deal."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love walks on the beach or mountain hikes.", "I speak Spanish. I wanted to learn French.", "I'm in high school. I don't have any work experience. I am unemployed.", "I am a graphical artist. I do not pay many expenses because I live with my parents. I do not sell enough art for a sizable amount of profit. I am not confident in my artistic abilities.", "I just sold my first piece of artwork online for a modest price. The piece I sold was digital artwork.", "I am interested in potentially partnering with a merchandiser to reuse the same digital art on various items to create passive income.", "I am able to quickly produce simple drawings. I feel uncertain about seeing my artwork worn by others."], "partner_persona": ["I have a golden retriever named Beau. I live next to the ocean. I swim.", "I only speak English. I used to be an accountant. I answer my friends' questions about accounting. I am older, and well-experienced. I offer my services as a consultant. I currently have four private clients who hire me as their accountant.", "I am not a freelance entrepreneur.", "I have an interest in reading and other forms of media. I have much free time. I enjoy the arts."], "current_conv": ["I've been giving a lot of thought to reselling my artwork for use on merch and I want to set something up. Would you be willing to help me launch it? Once I make enough income, you can be my accountant!", "What do you need help with?", "I need help managing the finances. We will need to figure out how much I need to get started and how much I would need to make in order to maintain my business and a profit. Is that something you would be interested in helping with?", "I can give you some tips on how to get started, but at this stage, you'd do better talking to an artist who has had some success in this particular field.", "That makes sense, I will do that! How is being a consultant going for you?", "It's been great! One of my clients has had an surge in business, recently, so I've been spending more time on the job. I'm actually really excited for her!", "That is great! That is so nice that you are able to help out your friends too!", "Haha, true, but while working, I see her as a client. It's really important that when you're working with friends and family, that you still treat it like a professional relationship. I have seen too many businesses fail, because people could not separate the personal from the business.", "That is a great tip! I will make sure to keep that in mind if I start my own business.  So how is Beau doing?", "Beau's doing well! We just went for a walk about 10 minutes ago. He loves his walks, haha.", "I bet he does! I wish I could get a dog but my parents keep saying no. How old is Beau?", "Beau is about 10 years old now. It's crazy to see how much time has passed, since I first adopted him! Why won't your parents let you get a dog?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going?", "Good, just took my dog for a walk!", "Ooo, what kind of dog? I love taking walks, especially on the beach or mountain hikes.", "He is a golden retriever! We just got back from walking on the beach!", "Awesome, what's his name? He have a good time?", "His name is beau, and he is my best friend. He loves living next to the ocean.", "Cool. What kind of a name is beau? French?", "Yes, it means pretty boy.", "Ah. I speak spanish fluently, always wanted to learn french. Do you speak it?", "I only speak english, I used to work as an accountant.", "Nice, I'm still in high school so no work experience yet.", "Cool, I am not a freelance entrepreneuer."], ["Do you still get accounting questions from friends?", "Occasionally. Mainly around tax time.", "Does that get annoying? Or does it feel good to be the go-to person?", "I don't mind at all. Anything I can do to help others save money right now...", "That's so kind! I don't have a ton of accounting needs at the moment because I'm still living at home and I don't work, but I have been considering taking commissions for some of my art online. I'll probably have to brush up on my accounting knowledge if I decided to take the plunge.", "You know, you can always ask me. I'm semi-retired and have plenty of time on my hands. It sounds like you're setting up a business. If you need any help with that, I can assist!", "Since you're semi-retired, do you still take formal clients? I like to think that I'll be successful enough to hire an accountant, but that's probably dreaming a bit too big.", "Sure! I have several private clients, five if you choose to contract with me. I enjoy the work, but I'm not doing it fulltime...", "How are you filling the rest of your time? Any fun hobbies?", "I swim in the ocean, I read voraciously, I watch films, I listen to music, and I play (and sometimes teach) guitar.", "I also enjoy listening to music; I'm not nearly talented enough to sing or play an instrument though. I think I exhaust all my creative power working on my art.", "Not doing this task all over again."], ["I sold my first piece of artwork online! Not for much though...", "But hey its a start. Was is a painting or sculpture?", "I know, have to start somewhere. It was digital art, so more like a modern day painting.", "Oh wow, like graphic design? Is it a one time piece or is it something you can sell over and over again on say Etsy?", "I could probably sell it a few times actually, but that might devalue it? Not that it is worth much.", "True but if people can use it for their side hustle say like a tshirt business etc. I think it could take off and become passive income.", "I see what you are saying. Get a collaborator to help use my artwork on other items. This could be a really good idea.", "Yup and he can be basics ideas or drawings like a koala bear eating a donut and let them put a phrase with it and sell it on a shirt. I know a lot of people that do this.", "Do they do well out of it? I can do simple drawings very quickly so could build it up fast.", "Oh yeah, my best friend did a very simple circle design with a dragon and charges $2.95 to use it and sells at least 3-4 daily. Thats $12 a day without doing any work...$500 a year.", "Wow, such easy work. I guess one you have made it you get a nice passive income. I do not know if I would be comfortable seeing so many people wearing my artwork though.", "I can understand that but how would they know its yours?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a lifeguard at a beach. I have graduated college.", "I was the captain of my football team in high schoo.", "My hobby is karate.", "I like superhero movies. I casually enjoy the Marvel movies. I enjoy horror movies more over action movies. I don't have much time to watch  movies. I enjoy suspense.", "I saw Black Widow for the first time. My favorite scene in Black Widow was the intense interrogation scene.", "I like the beach. I do not like spring break with all of the craziness. I do no like rip tides as a lifeguard."], "partner_persona": ["I go to FSU. I am on a soccer scholarship.", "I have no siblings.", "I am poor. I don't have a job.", "I like action adventure movies. I like superhero movies. I am unemployed.", "I like the movie Black Widow, it is my favorite movie. I like going to the movies."], "current_conv": ["How is everything going at FSU?  You have a lot of work?", "Well I'm done for the year and on summer break. I'm looking for a job but haven't found one yet. How is lifeguarding going?", "It's been fine recently.  No major incidents and people being responsible, so it's been good.  Are you looking for any type of job in particular?", "Really, anything indoors that pays reasonable. Or coaching soccer. I am trying to see if there are openings in soccer camps or clinics but I got a late start. I wish video stores were still a thing, that would be a great job!", "Yes, now that you mention it I think that would be a really fun job.  I don't think I ever asked you: what are you studying at FSU?", "English Lit with a Minor in film. What was your degree in?", "I have a degree in kinesiology.  It took me six years but I got it.", "Do you want to be a physical or occupational therapist?", "There was a time I thought about it.  But mostly I just got the degree because I needed to major in something.  I'm quite happy being a life guard right now.", "What do you like best about it?", "Being out in the sun and at the beach.  Helping people is rewarding, though I hesitate to say that because if I have to help someone it means they were in danger, which isn't good.", "Have you had to jump in to help anyone yet this year?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there. I am a lifeguard, at a beach of course.", "Hi: I go to fsu on a soccer scholarship.", "Very cool. I was the captain of my football team in high school.", "My mom is the principal at my old high school, I'm her only child.", ".karate is a hobby of mine. Have you ever done martial arts?", "Too poor for extra carriculars..i don't have a job.", "Thats okay. Do you like horror movies? I do.", "Too scary. I do like action adventure movies, what about you?", "Yes those are good. My spouse doesn't though.", "You gotta respect the significant other!", "Yep. To my own determent.", "I know exactly what you mean."], ["What is your favorite action adventure movie?", "I think Iron Man is my favorite. Anything Marvel makes me happy. I need to get a job so I can see the full series", "Yeah I love Tony Stark! What other Marvel movies have you watched?", "I've seen all of them. The Avengers are the BEST.", "Yeah they're great. I haven't seen any Black Widow ones but have been wanting to.", "Yes, I highly recommend it. I know horror movies are more your thing, but the  Marvel universe is so good.", "Yeah my favorite movie is the Ring. I like horror movies are unpredictable.", "Horror movies have never been my thing. Maybe because I'm still so young. Do they get easier to watch as you get a little bit older?", "Nah, I think either they're your thing or they're not. My significant other hates them.", "Oh good, at least I don't feel so silly that way.  So how has work been going for you?", "It's good. Lots of people going to the beach so I'm busy. How is soccer?", "Exhausting, of course. I love it and I'm thankful for the scholarship, but sometimes I just want to get a job and make some real money."], ["I finally saw Black Widow!", "Wasn't it the greatest movie ever! What was your favorite part?", "I thought the interrogation scene was pretty intense!", "I know it was delayed twice because of panademic but it was worth the wait. I think its top 5 best superhero movies of all time.", "Absolutely! Have you been able to get to the movies lately?", "Yes, actually I have. I was always big into actually going to the movies and now I feel like I should go even more to support them.", "That's a great attitude! How do you find time with your soccer commitments?", "I'm a firm believer that you makes time for whats important to you but also we all need some downtime. Like do you enjoy the beach?", "Of course! That's why I found a job that lets me hang out there all the time haha.", "haha true. Do you ever get nervous, I think being a lifeguard would be a high stress job.", "It can be bad when we have a string of rip tides, but for the most part it's okay. The worst thing is when we have spring breakers out there. A lot of idiots on the loose!", "What about rip currents? Do they even pay attention to the warngings?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live near the water and in warm weather. I don't like the cold.", "I like to live near the water. I live in California.", "I have blonde hair and my favorite hobby is reading.", "My favorite food is tacos. I have many grandchildren and they make me happy.", "I don't typically listen to the rock music. I enjoy country music more. I enjoy the more relaxing setting of a country concert. I like beer.", "I have a chill type of personality.", "i have ticket to a Five Finfer Death Punch show next month. i don't see Five Finger Death Punch that ofter.", "i am a grandfather. my grandkids don't like rock music too much.", "i am retired Trauma surgeon, but do consultation once in a while.", "i live in California in Calaveras county."], "partner_persona": ["I have blonde hair. I like to listen to rock. I like to flip through radio stations to find music. I have attended a rock concert before. I don't go to concerts often. The rock music and concerts I have attended completely ruined my sense of hearing. I can't just sit around and listen to country music. I like to be active.", "I like jello. I like beer.", "My mom is a nurse.", "Five Finger Death Punch is one of my favorite bands. i don't like rock music too much. i like emo/punk music better.", "my mother works in a hospital at a jersey shore near the beach and she is a trauma nurse. i thnk my job is mundane compared to my mothers job. my mother is my hero.", "i work in a school called Northeast Elementary. i have been to California for vacation."], "current_conv": ["how is the school nursing job going?", "It's not bad at all, the little kids are pretty funny. They always think they're to sick to take tests!", "I can remember wanting to get out of taking a test a time or two!  Have you ever thought about switching to a job more like your moms?", "I don't think so. I'll stick to scraped knees and sniffles. I don't need more excitement in my life. I'll bet you loved the excitement of the emergency room.", "Absolutely, that is probably why I stuck with it longer after I could have retired. So do you have any upcoming vacations planned?", "Nothing concrete but we've been talking about it. I think we're going to book a ski cabin for a week this winter. ", "That will be fun! Do you have any kids?", "No children for me. Not yet, anyways. I figure that I'll settle down and have kids after I turn 30.", "Oh okay, so are you going with friends to the cabin?", "It'll probably be a pretty big group of us, that's why it's so hard to plan. We'll just get a big rental house and see who shows up.", "Cool! That reminds me of some of the vacations I took when I was younger. So do you ski then?", "Not that often now, but I did a lot as a kid. I'd hate to have to learn how to ski as an adult. The falling down would be miserable."], "history_conv": [["Hi there. Hopefully I always live near water and never in the cold!", "Why? Where do you live?", "It's just something I want. To live in a warm climate near water. California.", "That's nice. What color is your hair?", "Blonde and my favorite hobby is reading.", "My hair is blond too! I like to listen to rock. What's your favorite food?", "Navojo tacos! My grandchildren like them too and they make me happy.", "I like jello. What kind of music do you like?", "Country. Especially when listening with friends and family.", "How many grandchildren do you have?", "Many. My grandchildren bring me great joy.", "How many mothers do you have?", "I am not sure I understand the question.", "One of my moms is a nurse."], ["I think I want to start to listen to rock music.", "What has made you decide to move to rock music from country music? That is a big change.", "Just flipping channels in the car one day and came across some interesting songs.", "Awesome, sometimes that is the best way to find new music. Do you know what band it was you heard?", "I believe the band was called Five Finger Death Punch? What a unique name!", "Yes, you will never for get that one! You should go to a rock concert, the energy there is a lot different to other music events.", "Is it? I've been to a country concert. It was a lot of chill people just sipping on beers. It was pretty fun.", "Not much chill at a rock concert, make sure you are full of energy before going. Still lots of beer though.", "haha I can imagine. Do you go to a lot of concerts?", "Not that many, but the ones I have been to have been amazing.", "That's really great. I have been trying to learn the guitar. I think it'd be fun to play on the back porch on peaceful nights.", "I am jealous, I would love to learn the guitar but I am completely tone deaf. I just do not think I was meant to make music."], ["I just bought tickets to the Five Finger Death Punch show next month!", "FFDP is one of my all time favorite bands! How often have you seen them?", "Not that frequently, but then I usually listen to them once in a while, because I don't fancy rock music that much.", "Me neither, I am much more into the early 2000's emo/punk scene. Like The Starting Line, Green Day, OLD Good Charolottte.", "Ahaa, sounds fun. My grandkids too have this aversion toward rock music, and they are so much into country music. In which hospital does your mother work?", "My mom works at Jersey Shore. The one down by the beach. Shes the head trauma nurse there.", "Has she inspired you into the medical profession, or you're into other fields? Btw, I am a retired Trauma Surgeon, though I usually do consultations once in a while. I'm not actively involved because I want to enjoy my retirement.", "Oh yeah, my mom is my hero. The things she sees and deals with daily makes my job of a school nurse seem mundane. She's dealing with constant life and death situations and I'm having to put a bandaid on little Mary.", "That's fantastic of her. In which school do you work?", "Northeast Elementary.  How do you like living in California? I've been on vacation there a few times but its so exspensive.", "I live in Calaveras County, whose most part is a rural setting. It's less expensive here, and the environment is so relaxing. Be sure to have a good retirement savings plan for it help you a great deal when you go into retirement. Besides, living in towns is so expensive.", "Is that north or southern Cal?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like dogs and fostered them too.", "I am from Germany. I immigrated here in 2004. I work in the tech industry.", "I am interested in personal teleportation devices. I have only seen time machines in movies.", "I adopted a dog. My dogs name is Einstein.", "I have fostered dogs in the past. I look forward to fostering dogs again. I fostered dogs in Germany."], "partner_persona": ["I am an inventor from Iceland. I invented a teleportation device. I am working on building a time machine. My time machine can only go back to yesterday. I'd like to travel in time whenever I want.", "I foster puppies. I have 80-200 puppies. The puppies do not usually come back after I put them in the time machine. My time machine is named Cruella 2021. It requires a lot of energy.", "I love the movie Back to the Future.", "I use my teleportation device to remember my puppies names. I names one puppy Cruella. I named my time machine Cruelly 2021. I like character names from films for my puppies. My puppies protect my time machine from intruders."], "current_conv": ["Einstein chewed up the legs to my dining room table. Now I have to get a new table.", "Ugh that sucks. If you want I can teleport back to yesterday and stop him!", "Is it ok to use the Teleportation Device for such trivial purposes? I would be reliving yesterday incessantly to get things perfect, just like Bill Murray in Groundhog Day", "Yeah, it's probably not the best idea to keep doing that. Might go crazy! What kind of dog is Einstein?", "Einstein is a mutt, a Frankenstein concotion of many breeds. Einstein is smart, but even he can't figure out his pedigree. ", "LOL you could always try one of those dog DNA tests. Or just leave Einstein a mystery.", "My dog enjoys his air of mystery. He uses it to pick up other dogs at hipster dog cafes. He claims that he only drinks artisinal toilet water, but I know he drinks tap water.", "Ahh, I definitely see the appeal of the mysteriousness. He'll probably grow out of that hipster stage - they always do.", "They slow down and start looking too gray in the muzzle. \"Act your age!\" I tell Einstein. He thinks he can be young forever, but even the best teleportation devices can only take us back one day. ", "Well HOPEFULLY I can get mine to take me back further. I can't quite figure out how yet but I've been working incessantly at it.", "The problem is the power source. You need orders of magnitude more power. It's just not available on this conventional grid. Power tech needs to catch up to YOU>", "You're completely right. I've been waiting for a lightening storm to try and harvest that power (I've watched Back to the Future far too many times). But there are no storms in the near future according to the weather channel."], "history_conv": [["Hello. How are you today.", "Doing great. Hanging out with my foster puppies. I'm a big puppy fan.", "Me too. I love dogs and I have fostered several myself. Where are you from?", "I'm an inventor from iceland.", "I'm from germany. I immigrated here in 2004 and work in the tech industry.", "Then you'd probably have some interest in the personal teleportation device that I've invented.", "Ja. Very interested. How does it work?", "It uses dark matter and I can teleport instantly anywhere in the world.", "Awesome!!!! How big is this device? Where do you get the dark matter?", "It's 4x4x8 and that's a secret. My time machine should be done soon too.", "Lips sealed. What will the time machine run on?", "This is a bit sadistic, but it runs on puppies."], ["How are your puppies your fostering", "Oh, they're in the time machine right now. It's almost time.", "Tell me more about your time machine. I am really interested. I have seen them only in movies.", "So far it has only been able to take me back to yesterday, but that could be useful. Even so, I'd like to be able to go backward and forward in time at my own discretion.", "Even that is awesome. What is this. Is it a capsule that you walk into and get teleported. I just cannot wrap my head around it.", "I would say Back to the Future pretty much got the concept right. It was just figuring out how to stimulate enough energy to mimic a bolt of lightning. That was, and remains, the difficult part.", "Tell me seriously. Are you joking? I never knew that such a thing existed. If it is true you indeed are a science wiz. Have you written about this anywhere.", "Oh, no. It can't be published! To have this knowledge public would be detrimental. Hundreds of powerful congressmen and officials traveling back and forth in time? Simultaneously! Never. Disaster for all. I do, however, feel bad for the puppies.", "Tell me about your puppies. How many of them do you have and how do they feel after going back and forth in time.", "I have anywhere from 80-200 at a given time. Oh, they go, but they don't usually come back. The Cruella 2021 requires a lot of energy.", "I am sure I am keeping you amused by indulging in your fantasies and keeping this conversation going. I feel sorry for your puppies.", "These are not my fantasies. These events were determined by those who came before me. I picked up on their work. I have a responsibility to fill, regardless of canine casualty."], ["You dog stories have convinced me to adopt a dog of my own. I have named him Einstein, after the dog from Back to the Future.", "Nice name for a dog, loved that movie. Interesting how names of famous people become immortal.", "Absolutely. It's funny how some pets really look like the names we give them. How do you keep track of your foster puppies' names?", "I use my teleportation devise and go back to the time when I named my puppies.", "Haha that's a good idea. What sort of names do your puppies have?", "The name of one of them is Cruella and actually my time machine is called Cruella 2021 so I just like those kinds of names.", "Ahh, like names of characters from films?", "Exactly, easier to remember and fun, having a dog is a great decision you wont regret it.", "That's true! And thank you, I can't wait - I've fostered dogs in the past and can't wait to have a dog again in the future.", "Did you fostered them back when you lived in Germany?", "I did, for many years - it was a really great time in my life. I didn't have as many dogs at one time as you though! How do you keep track of all of your puppies? They must be a handful.", "They are handful, they protect my time machine from intruders, you dont want that tec to fall into the wrong hands."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love country music.", "I like spring. My favorite time of year is winter.", "I live in the country. I live on a corn and bean farm.I love living on the farm. I love driving the tractors.", "My father is a preacher.", "I like to eat grilled vegetables and hamburgers.", "I have 3 sons. My sons are 18, 15, and 13.", "My youngest son enjoys school. My oldest son wants to take over the farm. My sons and I dislike preaching."], "partner_persona": ["I like classic country music. I like Patsy Cline.  I enjoy going to country music concerts.", "I live in Alpine County, CA. I live in the mountains. I would love farm liife. I own a cowboy hat.", "I want winter to be over. I have kids in school.", "I love farm fresh organic food. I like hamburgers and grilled vegetables.", "I was born and raised in the Sierra mountains. I ski. I ride snowmobiles. My great-grandpa came to the Sierras in 1903. My great-grandpa came to mine gold.", "Hank Snow is one of my favorite artists."], "current_conv": ["Are you planning to go to any country music concerts in the near future? ", "I haven't thought about it too much, but now that it's warming up, there will be a lot more shows, so I'll do a bit of research to see who will be here this summer. What about you?", "Oh yes, I will be out at shows all summer long! Cannot wait! Who are some of your favorites?", "Haha well a lot of my favorites are from a bygone era, but I'm rather impressed with the singer songwriter Ingrid Andress. I'm thinking I might go to a few of her shows if she puts on any this summer. What shows are you planning to attend?", "Ingrid Andress is a star in the making. Lady like is a straight up jam! First and foremost King George Strait is my favorite always a good time to listen to him, lately I've been jamming hard to luke combs and Jordan Davis", "I can definitely see why. They make great music! Will you go to any shows with your family?", "Absolutely I love taking my sons to shows although they do not appreciate the greateness of the old school country artist. They like stuff like FGL and Morgan Wallen", "I suppose artists like FGL have their place, but the classics are really where it's at in my opinion. Great lyrics, great flow, great music and just a good time. The modern stuff is often too produced for my tastes. ", "That is an absolutely perfect description. Today's modern music takes a great simple song and as you said turns it into a pop song with the overproduction", "Absolutely! It's like the 80s all over again, but with admittedly better synths, haha. But my thing is just, because all the tools and gadgets exist, doesn't mean you need to use them. Some things are better in moderation.", "Exactly. It works for some songs, but country radio every song around is over produced. One day someone will come in and get back to the classic style and save country music!", "I sincerely hope so. There is just something about old country that does a better job of capturing life on a farm or in the mountains better than current country does. I think part of that is a lot of these newer artists are city people, not country folk, so that essence is missing from the get go."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I love country music. Do you have a favorite type of music?", "I like classic country music, like patsy cline and hank snow.", "That's awesome. I live in the country so it fits me, where do you live?", "Up in alpine county ca. It's lovely up here in early spring.", "I like spring, but winter is my favorite time of year.", "I am so done with winter. Tough getting the kids to school. No snow days.", "I understand, we live on a corn and bean farm and it can be hard.", "I love farm-fresh organic food. It's all I make.", "That's nice. I love living on the farm and driving the tractors.", "I could do that! I would love farm life, but we live in the mountains.", "That would be amazing! Have you lived there your entire life?", "Yes, born and raised here in the sierras. We ski and snowmobile.", "Amazing, were your parents from there also? My father is a preacher.", "Yes, great-grandpa came here as a gold miner in 1903."], ["I got us tickets to a country music concert that is a drivable distance from both of us my treat.", "Wow that's so kind of you. I love a good country concert. Should we cook dinner before we go?", "That sounds delicious! What do you think we should make?", "We can make some grilled veggies from your farm. Maybe I van live next door some day.", "Grilled veggies sound great! How about some burgers too since we will be breaking out the grill? Yes, I'd love to be neighbors!", "That sounds like a great dinner. Then we can go to the show you got us tickets for!", "Yes!! We're gonna have an awesome time. I'm gonna have to pick out a perfect outfit.", "Do you know what the weather will be like on the day we go?", "As of right now, it's supposed to be in the low 70s and no rain.", "That's perfect. I wonder if I should bring my cowboy hat.", "Of course! That is a must at a country concert.", "Great! I'll have to dig it out of the closet. Do you need to borrow a hat?"], ["I found out that Hank Snow will be opening the concert! He's one of your favorite artists isn't he?", "Yeah he is! Where is he playing? I live in Alipine County, Ca", "I think it will be in CA! Maybe I should visit you and we can go together.", "I think that would be a great idea. Would you be able to get away from the farm long enough to come?", "I can let my three sons to take care of the farm. They are more than capable enough now to take over.", "Oh wow, How old are they now? In my mind they are still little kids.", "The oldest is 18, the other two are 15 and 13. Kids grew up faster in the farm, they took on responsibility and help out since they are little kids.", "No way! Do any of them want to take over the farm?", "My youngest seems to enjoy school more so I plan to give him more time to think about what he want. My oldest is even ask me if it's okay for him to take over, he's such a blessing.", "Yes he is, What about following your daddies footsteps and being a preacher?", "Hmm, not so much. They're similar to me too on disliking preaching job. LOL.", "haha True I can definitely see the pluses and minus. Have y'all had a bad winter?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like reading more than running. I especially like murder mystery books.", "I especially like listening to 5 finger death punch.", "My mother worked for the police.", "I don't have a favorite color except maybe green. I like to garden.", "I read the book Pet Cemetery, and I thought it was good and scary.", "I am one of the top salespeople at the car dealership I work at.", "I live in a rural area.  Green is my favorite color.  I love money.", "I'm not a country blues person.  I  listen to punk and rock and old school.", "I am selling cars right now."], "partner_persona": ["I run in the park.", "I left school. I do not read much anymore. I like to read mystery novels. I sing as a hobby. I sing country blues.", "I have traveled to 20 countries. I have never heard of 5 finger death punch.", "I am a retired postal employee. My parents met in high school. My parents were both lawyers.", "My favorite color is turquoise.", "I wish I hadn't left school in order to travel. I am interested in electric cars. I am not interested in going back to school.", "I am recently retired. I used to work at the post office. I lead a quiet, frugal life.", "I travelled a lot. I was in Japan, India, Africa,.", "I don't mind traveling. I hate that I left school for traveling. i don't have any regrates for leaveing school."], "current_conv": ["Oh, sometimes my mom tells my so scary stories from the police life, that I am double happy with my current occupation", "I get it! My mom was a criminal defense attorney so I heard some crazy stories! How's selling cars going?", "It is ok. Some sells are really hard to get. But I usually can sell at least 3 or 4 cars a day if not more.", "Wow! That's pretty great considering you are new at it! I don't think I'd be a good salesperson. Do you have any electric cars on your lot?", "I think it has to do with knowing my mom. I don't know just know I am doing it. It is great either way.", "What's great? Selling cars? Did your mom teach your sales skills?", "Being the top at the dealership. And no she has always worked with the police.", "Oh ok! So what did you mean when you said it has to do with knowing your mom?", "Everyone in town knows who my mom is. Not sure if it is from working with the police or from a commercial she did. But they all ask about her.", "Haha! Yep I can see how that would help! That's pretty cool. She was in a commercial?", "Yeah, for one of the local grocery stores. She played a manager or something", "Hey a local celebrity! That's neat? So what about electric cars? Do you sell those?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are things today?", "Great, I just came back from running in the park, I enjoy that, how are you?", "I'm good! I like reading more than running, especially murder mystery books.", "I do not read much anymore since I left school. My hobbie is to sing now.", "I like listening to music, especially 5 finger death punch.", "I have never heard of them before and I have traveled to 20 countries.", "Impressive! What do you do to make that much money? I sell cars.", "I retired from the post office right next to the same high school were my parents met.", "My mother worked for the police. What about your parents?", "Nice, my parents were both lawyers. Which is your favorite color? Mine is turquoise.", "I don't really have a favorite color, but I like to garden so I guess green.", "That sounds like a very relaxing activity, good for you."], ["I sent you a link to some 5 finger death punch music.", "Let me listen to it and tell you what I thought of the music. I want to get back to reading to spend my time. Any suggestions. I like mystery too.", "The book called pet semetery is a good scary book.", "Let me give it a try. By the way who is the author. You said you sell cars. Do you do it on your own from home or do you work at some dealership.", "Stephen King is the author. Beware it is very scary!! I sell cars from a dealership. I am the 2nd to top sales person there!", "That is great. I am sure you will be pushing more green cars since green is your favourite color. How are electric cars moving in the market. Do customers like it.", "They are hard to sell out here because it is more of a rural area. The market is great inside urban areas though!! I love the color green cause it is the color of money!! I could care less what color car they buy! Why did you leave school?", "I had to leave school because I was travelling too much in my early days. Could not focus on my studies. I regret it now. Anyways past is past. No benefit by crying over spilt milk. There are electric pickups also available now meant for rural folks. Are they not available yet.", "There are only a few of those available out here. They are very recent. I imagine sales will pick up as more are installed. You could always go back to school...it is never too late!", "I have no mental temperament to take up school now. Sort of settling in to retired life. I know there are a lot of opportunities to learn online. The motivation is not there.", "That is understandable. I hear the post office had pretty decent benefits. Is retirement funds holding up for you?", "Yes. That is what is supporting me now. The postal service gives you good benefits. I lead a simple life and live within my means. I do not do anything extravagant."], ["How is retirement treating you?", "retirement is peaceful I love it", "Terrific. Have you been running much lately?", "Yes i just took a  run the park you gotta clear the head", "For sure. That's the best way. I don't run much but I read a lot to clear my head. When you sing what kind of music do you sing?", "I sing country blues Its really fun think you should try listen to some while reading", "I very well may. I'm usually not a country blues person. I typically listen to more punk and rock and old school kind of stuff. It's pretty amazing you were a postal worker for so many years. Did you have to deliver in all kinds of weather? Was that difficult?", "It was some times  it flood really bad where im from wish i somthing that protected me from the harsh weather", "Ohhh that sucks. I'm glad you are retired! I've been just focusing on selling cars right now. I'm curious why you wish you hadn't left school to travel? That is something I would love to do.", "oh traveling so much fun seen japan,indina,africa think the next time i travel Ill try and invite you and your mother", "I am glad that you have travelled even though you said you did not enjoy travelling.", "No no you misunderstand me I don't mind traveling I hate that I left school for traveling its find though i don't have any regrates for leaveing school"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have access to stables.", "I like pizza.", "I breed and care for horses.", "I am a broncos fan.", "I do not spend time with my parents.", "I love hosting football parties.", "i have eight horses and selling three. i own a stable and grow roughage."], "partner_persona": ["I eat pizza.", "I am a therapist.", "I love football. I am a chiefs fan. I have blonde hair.", "I spend time with my mom. I own a couch.", "I do not own horses. I have ridden horses. i live in a city. last time i rode a horse was five years ago."], "current_conv": ["have you though more about owning a horse?", "Yes, I have.  I still think it doesn't make sense unless I leave the city.  I'm also thinking about what it means from a psychological perspective.  I wonder if my thinking about horses a lot is Freudian or something.", "Wow...I don't know much about psychology, I mainly know about horses. How would it be Freudian?", "Perhaps it represents an unmet need for intimacy and bonding, particularly from a powerful figure.  I watch a lot of football too.  Maybe I should spend more time looking for a husband and a little less with my mom.", "Maybe so! Do you meet a lot of new people? If you don't it can be hard to meet good guys. Or there's the online approach, I met my husband on an online site.", "I don't meet that many new people.  Mostly just in my practice.  And of course it's illegal for me to have relationships with them.  How long have you been married?", "Four years. How long have you been in practice?", "I had to train for a while with other people before I was fully certified and licensed, but I've now been working in my own practice for about six years.  It's going alright."], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going? I just came in from the stables.", "I'm great. Just eating some pizza. You come here often?", "Pizza sure sounds good. I might order one later.", "I consider it therapeutic. Ironic, being a therapist, myself. You?", "I breed horses and take care of them.", "So, does that make you a broncos or a colts fan. I love football.", "I guess I'm more of a broncos fan. What's your favorite team?", "I'm a chiefs fan. The gold and red looks great with my blonde hair.", "Do you go to a lot of games?", "When I get a chance I go with my mom. Being a nurse keeps her busy though.", "I haven't seen my parents in awhile.", "Lets talk about that, lie down on my couch.", "My dad is probably depressed. I hardly ever see him smile.", "Is the absence of your mother what lead you to horse breeding?"], ["So, how are the chiefs doing?", "Well, it's not football season right now, I can't wait till it is though! I'm sure you're looking forward to it too!", "Oh yeah, absolutely! I love hosting football parties.", "That sounds like a lot off fun! Do you prepare food or does everyone bring something?", "A little of both. It's always really fun. How has work been going for you?", "Oh, work is fine. Being a therapist has its ups and downs. Sometimes you can make a difference, and sometimes people just don't seem to want to be helped.", "I bet that's tough. You would think they would be more enthusiastic considering they are paying for the sessions. I'm sorry you have to deal with that, it's sad.", "Yes, it is sometimes sad. But, thankfully, there are a lot of people that I do help--so I try to look on the bright side. How about your work? How's it going?", "The horses have been keeping me busy at the stables, but I really enjoy it. Being around the horses always brightens my day.", "That sounds like a fun job! I have ridden horses a few times, but I've never actually owned any.", "How has your mom been?", "My mom has been great. I'm planning to visit with her next weekend. Do your parents live far from you?"], ["I just finished feeding my horses.", "What do you usually feed your horses? How many horses do you have?", "I have 8 horses at the moment. 3 are for sale. I feed them grass roughage with a little grains, oats at the moment. And plenty of water. They drink a lot. Do you plan to have horses ?", "I'd like to., but it is impossible now as I live in the city.", "You pay a fee to a ranch so they take care of  your horse, plenty of people do that. How often do you ride a horse ?", "Not often at all. The last time are over 5 years ago. I didn't know I can put a horse in a ranch and pay them to take care of it, I should consider that.", "But it can cost a lot of money. They have to feed them and house them, they need a lot of space. And if the gets sick, it can be it the thousands of dollars if they need an operation.", "Wow! How much it cost you to have 8 horses?", "I have my own stable, and I grow my own roughage, so it is around 100 $ per horse per month, if you count the medical fees.", "Do horses get sick easily? Perhaps I should give it more thought if I need to spend a lot of money on something I can't even enjoy too often.", "They can get sick, but they mostly hurt themselves, they like to exercise, they hurt their legs from time to time.", "Ah, I also heard that horse shoes also quite expensive. If they exercise a lot, won't they need to be replaced often?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am done with high school. I work at a gas station.", "I live in a small mountain town. I do not like living in a small town. I live near a huge trail park where people take their dogs.", "I don't have any pets. I want a border collie. My mum had a cat when I was growing up.", "I was given a border collie puppy. Its a boy. About a week ago, he had a ton of energy . But now he just kind of lays around all day.", "I would choose bio engineering as a major in the college."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a grocery store. I am not in school.", "I used to live in a small town. I live in the city. I had a hard time finding a job in the city.", "I have 3 casts: 2 Siamese cats and a persian shorthair cat. I have 2 dogs: a shetland sheepdog and border collie. My border collie is named Sam.", "I had a hard time finding a place to live in the city because of my pets. I have a hard time exercising my pets. I can't take my pets on the subway. I don't live by any big parks. I am near dog parks. I can't use the dog parks because they won't let me bring in my cats. I walk all my pets around the block 10 times a day. My cats love to be outside.", "I didn't get along with Physics. I liked Health Sciences a lot, and dreamt of med school a lot."], "current_conv": ["When I am thinking about my education, it is so disappointing as it is extremely expensive!", "So expensive!!! Do you not think it is worth it?", "I hope so.  I would like to think that a bio engineer makes more money than working at a gas station.", "Hahaha THAT is very true! Maybe colleges will be intrigued by your humble beginnings! Plenty of schools offer scholarships. I bet you could write some killer essays from all your gas station experiences. ", "Oh so true!  Working the night shift allowed me to see all the drunks come in after the bars closed.  So many odd people.  Maybe I should just skip school and work on writing a book! lol.", "I hear that! There are some wild ones coming in to my store. Hahaha start writing the book and see where it leads! At least in the meantime you can use pieces for scholarship apps. Win/win! ", "With all the oddballs I see in my small town, I can't imagine what you see in the city.  Have you ever had anyone dangerous?  That would be my biggest fear.", "Probably, but they are happy I am there working to sell them what they need, so they leave me alone. I have made friends with some mobsters even!! They are good people but what a mess they were born into!!! From my perspective. They act like royalty, so maybe I am way off base. ", "Interesting.  I would consider moving to the city for that type of experience except I want to have yard space for my dog.  Is it hard for you to get all your pets the proper exercise?", "So hard!! I still walk them when I can, but who has time to do it all???", "Work takes up a lot of my time, I know.  I end up getting at least four or five hours of overtime every week.  Last week I got almost 20 hours overtime!  Do you get stuck working much?", "Not as much as I would like. I need the money to find a better place for the furbabies. Do you get time and a half with overtime? "], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going over there?", "Hello, I thinking about finishing my college degree.", "Oh nice. I just finished high school. Where do you go to school?", "I don't, I work at a grocery store and I never finished my degree.", "Oh I see. That's cool, I work at a gas station in this tiny town I hate.", "Oh wow, I loved growing up in a small town! I miss it so much.", "I hate it. I'm going to go on a road trip and never return.", "Oh no, I hope you have thought this over. The city isn't any different.", "Really? Why do you say that?", "I wasn't able to find a job in the city, it's just as hard and boring.", "Hm. Maybe I'll just camp out under the night sky somewhere then.", "Sure and come up with a plan, I haven't even bought a new car.", "Geez, you make it sound scary out there.", "It is, the only thing I have are my three cats and two dogs."], ["That's a lot of pets! What breeds are they?", "2 siamese cats, and a persian shorthair.  My dogs are a shetland sheepdog, and a border collie. Do you have any pets?", "No not yet but i would really like to get a border collie i have heard they are great dogs.", "They really are. Sam is a delightful dog.  I had a difficult time finding a place I could live with them in the city.  Are you sure you wouldnt rather just keep living in a small town?", "I probably will stay here but there is a massive trail park 20 minutes out my town where everyone takes their dogs so i know they will be able to get the right amount of exercise.", "That's good!  I have a hard time getting my pets enough excercise since I can't take them on the subway.  There isn't a very roomy park nearby.", "Yeah that must be hard. They don't have any decent Dog parks close to you?", "Yes, but they won't let the cats in.  I have to settle for just walking them around the block 10 times a day.", "Oh wow thats tough. My mum had a cat growing up and it didn't even like to go outside so just ended up being an indoor cat anyway.", "my guys love being outside.  Sometimes I really miss living in a smaller town.", "Do you ever thing you will move back to a smaller town, or do you like the city?", "The city has it advantages, but also has just many disadvantages.  I came here so I could find a decent job, but that's not easy either. I'd like to move back to a smaller town someday I think, though."], ["I was given a border collie puppy I need some advice can you help me out?", "Yeah sure, I would. A he/she?", "Its a boy and I just had him fixed and his entire personality has changed.", "When did you take him to be fixed, and how has he changed in comparison with the time before you got him neutred?", "About a week ago, he had a ton of energy and typical puppy behavior but now he just kind of lays around all day", "That's expected of him. Fixing causes a significant hormonal disturbance in his body which is the key cause of the inactivity. His levels of testosterone are currently low, and that's why he seems unethusiastic in everything. However, he will get back to normal with time, though not to optimum. He will be displaying feminine behaviors, and low in activity.", "How long do you think it'll take or does it depend solely on the dog, the breed and age?", "Generally, it takes between two weeks and a month, so don't get worried. He will come around. His appetite will also appear diminished. Just take him to walks regularly, and then be patient with him. In which town do you live?", "I will do just that. I live in a small mountain town so I can take him for daily hikes maybe once or twice a day.", "That would be nice. What are your plans or thoughts on joining college? What major are you interested in?", "Definitely something outdoors, like bio-engineering", "Sounds fun. However, I didn't get along with Physics. I liked Health Sciences a lot, and dreamt of med school a lot."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a bearded dragon and racoon. I have two mustangs. I love horses.", "I am a zookeeper. I don't work on Mondays.", "I am single.", "I have a pet bearded dragon. They mostly eat a large variety of different insects of varying sizes."], "partner_persona": ["I love the zoo.", "Cats are my favorite animal. I write children's books.", "I have a husband. I have three children, 2 girls and a boy.", "I have published only one children's book yet.", "I want to have a pet.", "I honestly have mixed feelings about reptiles.", "I saw my brother in law's pet snake eat a mouse and got a little traumatized.", ", I was too stereotyping toward those reptiles. I want  to write about this as a children's book."], "current_conv": ["So how is it going with your new book about reptiles?", "I am still in the research phase of the project.  I think it is going slower than my usual projects because I'm a little creeped out by reptiles...lol.  A bearded dragon sounds kind of cool, though.  What are they like as pets?", "Well, since they're reptiles, you can just keep them in an aquarium. Very easy to lost track of if you let them roam around. All in all, pretty low maintenance. Maybe your book idea could desensitize kids to reptiles! ", "Wow.  That would be a really good concept to consider as I write the book.  Thanks for the suggestion.  Maybe it will help me too...lol!  So is the raccoon a pet too?  I think they are so cute, but can't they be really mean?", "Well, the book idea was yours. I can see how that experience would be traumatizing. Perhaps enough time has passed. Or maybe a housecat? ", "I love cats, so will probably stick with those...lol  I have a cat named Zoey, and she is so gentle and sweet.  Do you like cats?", "Cats are okay. I admire how they'll just get in your face when they want attention. They're either extremely need or totally low maintenance. Sounds like Zoey gets along with the kids okay?", "Yes, cats can definitely be temperamental.  They consider themselves the boss...lol.  Zoey is very easy-going, however, and the kids love her.  So tell me about your raccoon.  ", "My raccoon's name is Bandito, for obvious reasons. They actually get along with the bearded dragon pretty well; they'll kind of just stare at each other. And Bandito knows not to mess with the horses", "Lol!  I just got a visual image of the bearded dragon and Bandito staring at each other, sizing each other up.  I love that name for a raccoon.  Perfect.", "Yeah, I had to get a stronger enclosure for the bearded dragon, though. One time Bandito charged at the old one and shattered it; it was a mess. He only tried once with the new one and learned his lessons. So how did you end up writing children's books? Had you always wanted to or did you just find it to be a good outlet?", "I've always loved to write, and found it came naturally.  Also, I had lots of stories based on my own children and their antics...lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you doing? Do you like animals or going to the zoo?", "Hi, nice to meet you. I love the zoo, it's a great change for me and my 3 children to get out of the house and see the animals.", "I have a bearded dragon and racoon. Do you have a favorite animal?", "2 cats that I draw in the children's books I work on. Hubby thinks i;m mad.", "I love animals so much that both of my cars are mustangs. I love horses!", "Oh man I love. Maybe when I qualify as a teacher. What do you do?", "I am a zoo keep.", "That's wonderful. Maybe I'll take the children to the zoo soon.", "Yes you should go! Our zoo just added horses. Mustangs.", "I will and draw them in my latest childrens'book.", "That is great! I bought two mustang cars. What do you drve?", "Ha ha me, husband and 3 children? A minivan!", "Oh lord. I need something very fast, also I am single so I can find girls.", "Goodness me! That's a novel idea."], ["The zoo I work at is having a buy-one-get-one ticket day! You should take your family.", "I would love to do that. How do I get that deal. Do I need to buy online or go to the zoo gate in person and get it. How long does the deal last. A lot of questions. Sorry.", "That is ok.You can buy online. What are the genre of you 3 kids? Girls pay less", "Thanks for the info. I have 2 girls and a boy. I was just curious to know that you had a bearded dragon. What is a bearded dragon. Is it big and can it be a pet.", "A bearded dragon is a type of lizard. You should bring over you kids and husband to meet my Dragon. They can also ride my 2 mustangs.Beingsingle is lonely sometimes.", "I will take you up on that. Our whole family would love that experience. It was so kind of you to make that invite. What days would be best for you for I know you work at the zoo.", "I have a free day on Mondays.", "I will talk to my husband and will figure out when to visit. I will definitely keep you informed well in advance. Let us cook and bring some food for you. We can have a sort of a picnic lunch. That would be awesome.", "Great!! Mayeb you can show me your writtings. I heard you write fabulous children's books", "They are good not fabulous. I will show you a few that I have written lately. Maybe I can get some inspiration from the animals to add to my future books.", "My 2 horses for sure will inspire you. They are just gorgeous!! Tall and strong.", "Do your mustangs have names. I am sure they will be a great idea to add them to my theme. Maybe we will all fall in love with them when we see them."], ["That would be lovely. Have any of your children's books been published?", "Only one. It was inspired by my son's attachment to his favorite blanket. I'm unable to write as often as I want to as my children are keeping me occupied.", "That's amazing! Do you have pets?", "I want to. But my husband and I agree that we will wait until our children a little bit older before adopting pet (or pets) into our house. Is it hard to have a bearded dragon as a pet?", "That is completely understandable and very responsible as well. Not as hard as you might think, there is a lot to know but once you take care of one for a short while, you will understand its needs quite easily!", "My husband said we should consider having snakes as pet since they need far lower maintenance compared to cats or dogs. I honestly have mixed feelings about reptiles. What do you feed your dragon?", "Snakes can indeed be low maintenance, you can feed one and it wont need to be fed again for a whole week! The bearded dragons diet is slightly different, as with any creature you want a diverse selection of food to promote good health and ensure they're receiving proper vitamins. They mostly eat a large variety of different insects of varying sizes", "Wow! I didn't know bearded dragons' diet are insects. I have overly wild imaginations about their food. I saw my brother in law's pet snake eat a mouse and got a little traumatized.", "Yes, infact some smaller snakes mostly eat insects as well as they arent large enough to eat a mouse, even if its a baby mouse!", "This is really interesting, I was too stereotyping toward those reptiles. I'm now tempted to write about this as a children's book."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy hiking. My best friend is named John.", "I am a vegan.", "My car is a Lexus Hybrid.", "The closest I have been to a gator is at the zoo.", "I went on a tour of the midwest.  I went to St Louis and Omaha and visited each of their zoos.  I want to see a gator eat.", "I am vegan but not an extreme vegan."], "partner_persona": ["I work as an alligator hunter. I own an air boat. I do not eat alligator meat. I sell the alligators I hunt. I do not like to eat gator meat.", "My dream car is a 1981 Camaro.", "I actively pursue my desires.", "I am saving money for a black truck with 33 inch truck tires.", "I live in Florida.", "I caught a big gator yesterday  I am considering a new truck in the distant future. I do not get complacent while hunting so I don't make mistakes.", "I live in the south where there are gators.", "I hunt to kill gators in residential areas.  I think gators are pests.  I sell the gator meat.  I respect gators and only kill when they are dangerous or pests.", "I like to co exist with nature.   I respect nature."], "current_conv": ["Have you see or killed any big gators lately?", "Yes! I've had to remove a couple from some golf courses in the area and one that had crawled up right into someone's yard! That's the danger of living on the water in Florida!", "It sounds exciting! I bet you have had some close calls. They seem like dangerous animals.", "They are pretty calm but you have to approach them in the right way. I prefer to capture and relocate, but sometimes they have to be killed. At least their bodies aren't wasted. Tourists love to come to Florida and try gator!", "Relocating big animals must require some special transportation equipment. I bet those beasts weigh a ton! Gator meat must be popular somewhere if you can sell it.", "Yeah there's quite a few local restaurants that have \"gator bites\" on their menu. They deep fry meat from the tail. I can't stand it, though. Very chewy. ", "Even if I weren't vegan, I wouldn't eat gator meat. Unless I were starving. It probably doesn't taste like chicken.", "No it's nasty! What made you decide to be vegan?", "Weight control, health problems. I felt a lot better after going vegan. More Americans should try it to manage their health. I didn't realize how bad my diet was until I changed.", "What about eating vegan has helped your health? I'm curious... I've never considered a plant based diet myself!", "I lost a LOT of weight. My blood pressure went down too. I have more energy. I think more cleary. I sleep better. Everything changed for me.", "Oh wow that's great! Maybe I should give it a try, but I don't even know how to start!"], "history_conv": [["I just came back from a day of hiking and feel refreshed. I am about to call my dearest friend john right after conversing with you!", "Hiking sounds great, I used to do that before I became a gator hunter.", "Oh, great danger that must be! Exzilerating for sure!", "Of course, I just bought an air boat and started the hunting.", "Do you eat gater meat?", "No, I sell the gators. This have gave me trouble with the law before.", "Oh, I see! I am a vegan but appreciate other's interests. Good luck!", "I just need the money to buy me a'81 camaro, my dream car.", "I understand. I remember those from long ago yesterday. Nice looking cars!", "Yes, they are, when I want something I do not sleep on that.", "What color car are you thinking of?.", "Black like the tires, I am not eating to save for 33 inch truck tires."], ["Have you caught any gators today?", "Yes.2 this morning.I need the money for those truck tires I am after.", "Just curious. Is it legal to hunt alligators? What do you hunt them for. Do you sell them.", "I only hunt gators because I sell them.It is legal here in florida.Since you like hiking, you should come with me one of this days", "Is it dangerous. You catch them alive I guess. What do people buy them for. Meat or skin or just to keep them in a safe place. At the rate at which you are catching them I can see your dream car in the horizon.", "They eat the meat. I personally do not like gator meat, and you being vegan for sure never tried it", "No way I am going to try that. I would like to join you in a hunt if you tell me it is not dangerous. Do you go in your boat during the hunt.", "I used he boat to get there, but it is easier to kill them on foot. I need to kill the most gators I can to buy that Camaro I told you about.", "You don't seem to be talking about the danger at all since you are so used to it I guess. Just curious about your car. Why do you need truck tires on your car. Has it got anything to do with your hunt.", "The tires are for the black truck I also buying. What car do you have?", "I have a lexus hybrid. I love my car for its comfort. You seem to have a clear picture of your car that you plan to buy which I guess will be pretty soon.", "A vegan driving a luxury car?? What off-branding you you!!!"], ["Have you had any luck with the gator hunting? Have you gotten any closer to purchasing that new truck, or that Camaro you had spoken of?", "I did catch a nice big gator yesterday! No luck on the truck front, though. That's more of a long-term goal.", "It's probably harder to get a new vehicle than a gator!  LOL!  So, what's it like hunting alligators?  Are you scared?", "It probably depends on the car, haha. I don't really get scared any more, but I try not to get complacent either, because that's when you make mistakes. Have you ever been near a gator?", "Only behind glass at the zoo.  Is it true that their jaws are easy to keep shut?", "Yes! All of their jaw muscles are for keeping their mouth closed around an object, very little muscle goes into opening, so if you can secure their mouth, they will have a hard time opening it. Which zoo did you see a Gator at?", "I did a tour of the Midwest and went to St. Louis and Omaha, which both had gators in their zoo.  It was pretty impressive.  They are so quiet and just slip into that water.  We never got to see them eat though, I bet that would have been something.", "Definitely, they can be fierce. And good at hiding. Down here they can be anywhere! Every outdoor pool here is completely caged in so that you don't get any unwanted gator visitors!", "I didn't even think about it!  So do you normally kill them or just give them to others to relocate?  I bet you form an interesting bond even though you are the hunter.", "I do hunt to kill. I know you are vegan and might not like that idea, but they are almost like pests down here and they can be dangerous. I hunt them in residential areas to make them more safe, and then sell them to those who eat the meat, so at least they are being used. I do definitely respect them though, and would never just kill them if there weren't a purpose.", "That makes sense and I know that it can be dangerous.  It's not like alligators want to eat people, but I don't think we can really co-exist.  I am not as extreme as some vegans I know, because if their are rodents in my house I don't care how they are removed!", "It's definitely a real concern with modern life--how to coexist with nature. You seem to be pretty conscious of that sort of thing, driving a hybrid car and being vegan. I try to respect nature in my own way too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a house. I've been working on projects at my house. I am refinishing the floors of my house. I am looking for furniture. I have tools for remodeling.", "I work at the mall."], "partner_persona": ["I have a house.", "I have two businesses. I am busy. I am a travel agent. I have a sign business.", "I have not bought furniture in a long time. I want to redo my bathroom.", "I have a bathroom I am remodeling.  am good at laying down tile. I have OCD. I am a perfectionist.", "I learned by watching HGTV and YouTube."], "current_conv": ["My new tools really helped me out! Hopefully you find them useful as well.", "I'm sure I will! Do you think this is the end of your investment in tools, or will you keep buying more and more?", "I think I am done for now. I got all the stuff done I needed to do.", "You never know! It's tempting to go out and buy even more stuff every time they show something new on TV. I have to control myself for sure.", "Yes, you are right there are so many wonderful cool toys out there. I am running out of room to put them all.", "Ah yeah, the never-ending issue of where to put stuff. I find it so stressful when things are not organized well, so that's a good thing to remind myself every time I get excited by the latest thing. Maybe it would be good to make a rule to not buy anything till I sell off 5 others.", "That would be a good rule. I just need to clean up the garage and organize everything. But between work and the remodel I haven't had the time.", "It'll be nice when it's all done, though, right? Finishing a project feels so great. But I hear you about the challenge of balancing your time. It's good to just relax sometimes, too.", "Yes, it will make the house look great. But I do need days to relax. Hopefully I will have it done soon then I can take a few days and start making my garge and tools look great.", "As they say, the mess will still be there tomorrow. Best to get the rest you need if you're overworking both at work and at home.", "Yes, and the remodel is more important. Cant get the new furniture in if I am not finished.", "Good point! Did you already order everything? Hopefully you got the colors you were looking for."], "history_conv": [["Hello, long day working on finishing projects at my house.", "What are you doing to your house?.", "I am finishing the floors, I have been working on it for 3 months.", "Wow, that is keeping you busy. I can't seem to get anything done at my house.", "It's a lot of work, on top of having a job..", "I understand that. I have 2 businesses myself. Keeps me busy.", "Cool, what type of businesses are they?", "A sign business we've had for 11 years and I am also a travel agent.", "Cool, have any good tips on where to buy furniture?", "Hmmm, I haven't bought furniture in a very long time so I don't know, sorry.", "That's okay, I work at the mall so I will check there.", "At least the winter seems to be over."], ["Are you getting a lot of clients as a travel agent these days?", "Yes, this is a good time because people are planning their trips for the summer.", "That's great, I'm glad you've been staying busy at work. How is the sign business doing?", "Not as good as the travel business! haha It's doing decent, too, though. With the weather getting better, people want their homes and businesses to look top notch.", "That's the truth. My job at the mall has been very boring. I have been working on my house in my free time. Do you have any projects you need help with?", "I do actually. I think it's finally time to redo the bathroom. I keep putting it off, but it'd probably be best to just get it over with.", "I should be able to help with that. I'm very good and redoing floors at this point but we can rip and replace everything.", "Yeah, I would definitely appreciate the help. Would you be free to start this weekend or is that too soon?", "That works for me. Do you have anything to do for your businesses over the weekend?", "Just a couple things to finish up and a couple calls to make. Nothing that would last too long. I will probably be free from Saturday afternoon on.", "Great I'll plan to bring my tools over so we can work on your bathroom.", "Excellent! I'll grab us a couple subs and some cool drinks."], ["I just bought some new tools I saw on discount at a local retailer.  They will help in remodeling your bathroom.", "That would be a huge help! It's difficult to do some of the remodel without the correct tools. I am excited to get everything finished. How re the floors coming? Did you decide on the color of stain you will be using? That's always a difficult decision.", "I think I wanto to go with grey, because it will hide dirt the best! it also will look less dated than most shades of brown, I think. do you have a preference on floor colors?", "I like the darker because it hides dirt. I also think gray is awesome because it's neutral and it's easy to pair it with other things.", "that's my thinking, too. it also lets me not have to match the floors to other flooring in the house the same way. grey goes with more types of carpet, etc. have you ever remodeled your house?", "We have started to do room by room. I feel like our kitchen was the hardest! So many decisions. But now that's is done it looks amazing. Everything in our house is white/black/grey, so it almost makes it easier. It's addicting though, remodeling. I have often thought about being a house flipper.", "that's so cool! did you do the construction work yourself? I envy people who have those skills", "Not all of it, but I seem to have a talent for laying down tile! Probably something to do with my OCD! At least I get benefits from being a perfectionist.", "tile is so tricky, too! I am impressed. if it gets set wrong it'll crack, etc. that's really cool. did someone teach you how to do it or did you learn on your own?", "I watch a lot of HGTV, and watched a ton of YouTube videos - then I practiced in a spot that didn't really matter, our mudroom!", "that was clever of you! we love watching HGTV in my house. always learning something. I really want to learn to refinish my deck but am dreading having to buy the saw and wood etc", "You can buy that Trex stuff, it's like plastic wood stuff - its pricey but it's super durable and no maintenance at all. Well worth the investment and it comes in so many colors.."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 3 kids. My children are 8, 11, and 12 years old. I have started to get into arguments with my 12 year old.", "I live on a farm.", " I love dogs and animals.", "I love music works on computers.", "One of my children is a 12 year old boy. My son and I like the same type of music."], "partner_persona": ["I love the beach.", "I love mediterranean food.", "I love STYX and joyrney and other old bands.", "I love fall weather.", "I am retired. I like to relax during the evening.", "I have 5 grndchildren.  I took my grandchildren to the play ground. My grandchildren are 6 months old, 2 years old, 4 years old, 4 years old, and 10 years old. My 4 year old grand daughters are twins."], "current_conv": ["The fruit snacks were a hit, thank you for the tip.", "Glad you liked them! What flavor did you get?", "I got strawberry, watermelon and raspberry.  They loved the strawberry and watermelon the best.  Have you ever made your own fruit snacks? I'm thinking of trying to make some.", "I have made them before and the homemade ones are so much better than the ones you can buy. I really like making pineapple and mango ones, but watermelon sounds great too.  ", "I bet I would love the pineapple one, pineapple is one of my favorite fruits.  I have a dehydrator, so I guess I just need to figure out how to get the fruit pureed and spread out to dry.", "It's definitely worth the effort to figure it out, then you can make them whenever you want. It's a pretty healthy snack for the kids, not too much sugar.", "I like the idea of being able to control how much sugar goes into them.  I seriously think sugar makes my 12 year old way more hyper than he normally would be.  ", "That's a tricky situation, but if you can sneak in some healthy not-too-sweet snacks it would be a win-win.", "You are so right. This kid cracks me up, he is such a picky eater. He's like a super-spy when it comes to watching what I try to get him to eat.  I'm lucky the two younger ones will still eat anything I put in front of them.", "I guess you just have to get really good at disguising the healthy stuff. Kids can be really smart, but I doubt they can outsmart a wise adult like you!", "Thanks for the vote of confidence.  How about your grandchildren, do you have any trouble getting them to eat healthy, or do you just do the sweet Grandparent thing and spoil them with anything they want?", "I just spoil them with cookies and cakes. Their parents get to do all the hard work, been there, done that!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?.", "Good, how are you?", "Doing great, finishing my day, my three kids are busy.", "I hear you, I am the grandmother of five. Just came home, we love the beach.", "Farm living here, beach, wow, different ends of the spectrum.", "Do you enjoy cooking? I love mediterranean food. What are your hobbies?", "I love to eat, but I love dogs and animals.", "How about music? I love styx and journey, old bands..", "Yes, love music, I listen alot, I work on computers alot with the internet.", "Nice. Getting warmer here finally, spring is coming, but I love fall.", "Do you work at all? Or is your grandkids keeping you busy?", "Retired, my five grandkids keep me busy though. How about you?"], ["Did you spend with your grandchildren today?", "Yes I did i took them down to the play ground they love to just run around.", "I know what you mean. My kids have so such much energy, it makes me tired just watching them!", "Isn't that the truth haha. They could honestly just go for so long but by the end of the day they just knock out. So i have some time to relax in the evenings.", "That is probably the best bit, when they finally settle down. They are out cold. How old are they?", "Yes it kind of is. But i really do enjoy the time i get to spend with them. The youngest is 6month, then i have a 2,4,4, and a 10 year old.", "That is quite a spread in ages. Are there twins or are they with different ones of your children?", "Yes they are twins. A set of girls. How old are your children? They must enjoy living on a farm.", "Wow twins, I can't imagine dealing with when they were babies. Mine are 8,11 and 12 so a bit older.", "Yes they are defiantly a handful i'm glad i don't have them everyday ahah. They are great ages. I love when they get a bit older and really develop their personalities  more.", "They get their own personalities but they also get very argumentative. I am starting to get a lot of arguments with my eldest one.", "Omg yes i can imagine that too. They always seem to go through stages they love each other then they hate each other. I remember that very well."], ["Do you have any suggestions for quick snacks for the children?", "My grandkids like fruit snacks, the ones that come in those little pouches and are kind of like gummy candy.", "Those are a great idea.  Living on a farm, I often am not able to stop and make them a snack.  Do your grandchildren like animals?", "They don't spend a lot of time around animals, but I would imagine that they do.", "My kids love animals but my 12 year old has started to give me problems with helping out around the farm.", "12 is a hard age. I wouldn't want to be 12 all over again.", "I am trying to give some freedom but we like the same type of music so that helps find a neutral zone.  Do your grandkids like the same type of music that you do?", "No, not really. They are little too young for that. The younger ones still mostly listen to Rafi and Barney.", "Well as they get older, you can introduce them to the good older music you are fond of.", "Yes, I will do that. What kind of music do you and your children like?", "My 11 and 12 year olds like mostly pop music and they will share with me new groups that they discover and like.  My eight year old listens mostly to classic rock and heavy metal.", "Your 8 year old must really be into music. My grandkids aren't nearly that developed yet"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not eat meat.", "I do not agree with factory farming.", "I have a son who paints.  He is more talented , than me.", "I am attracted to women. I recycle. I sell my recycled art.", "My boss stresses me out. My work is very stressful.", "Some outdoor fun might be good for me. I am stressed out at work."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals and nature.", "I like art.", "I am attracted to women.", "I am my own boss. I did not like my old job. I work a lot of hours. I work outdoors. I am satisfied with working for myself.", "I have enough money to donate.", "I have a dog. I like to go hiking.", "There's a trail we like in the foothills and then there's a dog park not too far from there.", "I love all types of art.", "I'd love to see some works of your son."], "current_conv": ["By the way, I have started to sell my works through the Internet. ", "Wow! I am so happy for you! How is it going so far?", "Not too bad, actually! I've had a lot of viewers of my work, and a couple of orders so far. I'm putting my son's work online, too.", "Wow that's doubly amazing. Teaching him to earn from his skills early on is going to set him up well and seeing you go through the process too will be super inspiring!", "I sure hope so. And hey, maybe he'll become famous and I can retire early! :)", "Haha! That would be the dream! You might get famous, too, haha.", "Perhaps. We could be a famous duo. I'll have to have him make something for you before he gets too famous, and you can get rich with us when he makes it big.", "Haha, I'm not sure if I can get rich working outdoors, but I'm certainly comfortable and I certainly won't turn down a great work of art, haha.", "You never know! In 5 years, you could sell it at auction for a million! What would you like a painting of? Perhaps your dog?", "I would actually love a painting of the landscape. It's so beautiful here and I would love to see your or your son's interpretation of the spirit of this place.", "That sounds like a great idea. He'd probably love the challenge, too. Plus, I need to get outside more and I might be inspired for my own art if I'm out there with him.", "That sounds like a plan! I'll grab some food and drinks for when you two come by. Any requests?"], "history_conv": [["I am passionate about animal rights and I'm a strict vegetarian. How are you?", "I have a lot of respect for animals.", "Yeah I hate how they're raised for food on the production line. It's just wrong.", "I like to paint pictures of animals and nature.", "That's good. My son paints a lot of things like that.", "Thats cool. Art is beautiful.", "Yes everybody likes art, just not the same art. We all have different taste.", "I also like beautiful women, my favorite type of art.", "I agree with you on that. I create art from things I recycle and reuse.", "I am also a freelance professional. I work for my self.", "I wish I could make money that way. I have the kind of boss everybody hates.", "I use to be in that same situation. I know the feeling.", "My recycled art makes a little money but not enough to support me and my son.", "I also donate money to charities that help the poor. I love all people."], ["You would not believe what happened at work. My boss spilled his coffee and started yelling at everyone, you are so lucky you don't have to deal with that.", "Wow! What a jerk. Did he apologize?", "No, and he refused to see things from my point of view. It must be nice being your own boss. Though I'm sure you still deal with your fair share of unpleasant people.", "It's nice, but it's a lot of work. I enjoy the freedom, but the hours are unbelievable.", "Ah, it must seem like you never get time off from work. At least you're not tied down to one location so you can work in nature. I need to spend more time like that.", "Yes. The good thing about being your own boss is that you are totally responsible for yourself. No one is controlling you're every move.", "What do you like to do the most when you're not working?", "I like to take my dog out and go hiking.  Hiking can really de-stress you . Maybe you need to do some to put up with your boss!", "A hike with a loving dog sure does sound nice right now. You make a good point. I do need to do something to relieve my stress from work. Maybe we can both go for a hike sometime?", "I think that would be a great idea. Nature is calling! Let's make plans for next week.", "I'm looking forward to it! Maybe I'll send a picture of the scenery to my son for painting inspiration.", "That's a great idea. I would enjoy seeing that painting."], ["How was work today? Did you get home at a decent hour?", "Yeah, I actually didn't pick up overtime I last night. I was so tired I decided to cut out on time and get some sleep!", "Good! Getting rest is important! Was your dog happy to see you come home at a reasonable hour?", "Yes! I feel so bad when he has to be home by himself all day. I'm going to take him on some good hikes this weekend to make up for it!", "I'm sure he'll enjoy that. Do you have a regular place to hike, or do find a new trail each time?", "There's a trail we like in the foothills and then there's a dog park not too far from there so he can run off any extra energy! You should join us sometime. I know you've been really stressed out by work.", "I have. Some outdoor fun might be good for me. Are you much happier since you started working for yourself?", "Yes! I work long and hard and you make what you put into it, but I love not having to answer to anyone but myself!", "Perhaps, if I ever sell enough of my art, I can make it a full-time career. What types of art do you prefer?", "I love all types of art. I really appreciate artists and their abilities! I think you could really do well if you started making and selling art full time. You are so talented.", "Thanks, but my son is the really talented one in the family. I'd love to show you some of his paintings sometime.", "Well it must be genetic! I'd love to see his work."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just moved, I live in an apartment. My internet was down.", "I like rock music too. I like music and going to concerts. I like The Flying Pizza Brothers. I think band names are important.", "I like cookouts.", "My internet was down but has been fixed. I like to drink wine.", "I do not know how to juggle.", "I like meat.  I am having a cookout tomorrow during the weekend."], "partner_persona": ["I work a lot.", "I like rock music. I like going to concerts. I have not heard of The Flying Pizza Brothers. I like The Melon Smashers.", "I spend a lot on meat. I eat meat and I can cook. I like potato salad. I like meat like brisket and baby back ribs.", "I live in a neighborhood.", "I did not have time to listen to the Flying Pizza Brothers.", "I am busy with work. I work this weekend and cannot attend the cookout unless I find someone to work."], "current_conv": ["Is there anything to bring for the cookout?  Napkins, meat, side salad, drinks?", "I'd say you tell me what to bring, as its your cookout, but I still can't go; I couldn't find anyone to cover my shift at work.", "Your coworkers STINK! And haha, I had too much wine last night not sure why I asked you what I should bring to my cookout.", "Yea they really weren't helpful.  Did you discover another new favorite wine?", "Nothing too fancy, I just stick to the basics barefood riesling is my go to! Have you ever had?", "Barefood or Barefoot ;)  I actually don't like barefoot vineyards, they're too sweet, which is kind of surprising as I like sweeter wines. ", "Haha thats all I like is sweet wines, so they are right down my alley. dry wines always make me sick! Well looks like I am going to plan another cookout soon, because we need you there! You always get rowdy!", "I hope you do! Should I bring brisket or baby back ribs?", "Brisket! It is my absolute favorite! I want it bad!", "OK well when can we plan the next cookout?", "Well when will you be off work next? Looks like you work nearly everyday! haha. Just let me know your next evening off!", "Next Wednesday...maybe we can cook ribs and listen to flying pizza bros."], "history_conv": [["Hiya! I just moved into a new apartment and my internet is back online!", "Cool. I barely have time to talk, have to be back at work soon.", "I get it. Do you have any favorite bands?", "I'm 26, so they were before my time, but black sabbath is the bomb!", "Yeah, do you like the ozzy era or dio era best?", "Oz. I also crave hamburgers! I eat so much meat, my credit card is overextended.", "Yes, ten minutes ago I was a sabbath-loving meat eater in light debt too.", "Quick turn around! I'm too consumed with work to consider other options.", "Right, and a workaholic. I forgot. What a weird hit this is.", "Hit? What's a hit? Suddenly I feel like jim carry in the truman show.", "Lol! That's funny. There is no hit! This is all real!", "I'm not ready to enter the twilight zone!"], ["Speaking of bands, I just went to this awesome show.", "Ooh, fun! Who did you see play?", "It was a number of local bands. They were mostly cover bands, but there were a couple of them that were very talented and did some of their own music. My favorite was The Flying Pizza Brothers. Have you heard of them?", "Nope! They sound great, though. One of my favorite local bands is The Melon Smashers. Bands have such interesting names.", "Yeah, having the right name helps them a lot I think. So how much meat did you buy this week?", "About twenty pounds. I'm planning on having a cookout this weekend now that the weather has gotten nicer. You're invited, of course.", "Well, thank you very much!  I'd enjoy that.  Is there anything I can bring?", "Yes! Potato salad and napkins would be excellent. You can never have too much of either. haha", "No problem! I'll bring plenty.  Now that I have my internet back I was able to order a couple cases of wine. It should be here in a couple of days. I'll brink a couple of bottles of that too if yoiu like!", "Excellent! That will go well with the steak. There will even be entertainment! Apparently, one of my neighbors has been learning how to juggle.", "That should be fun!  I tried to juggle kittens once, but I wound up getting scratched a lot.  What does he juggle?", "Eh.... well, he watched this YouTube video and wanted to start with knives. I told him, how about balls? Balls are good to start."], ["Did you get a chance to listen to The Flying Pizza Brothers?.", "I've really wanted to but I've been way too busy with work.  I'll listen to them as soon as I have time.", "No worries! By the way, do you have a fave potato salad recipe?! I have a cookout coming up :)", "The recipe you usually use is delicious.  Maybe I can help cook the meat!", "Wow... that would be awesome! What\u2019s your favorite meat?!", "I really like brisket and baby back ribs.  I can't decide between the two.", "Ooh... yeah, both sound equally good... I\u2019m torn as well lol. I\u2019m getting hungry just thinking about it!", "me too! When will the cookout be?", "It\u2019s tomorrow.... I\u2019ve been waiting for this long weekend forever! I\u2019m counting you in ...", "Oh no... I'm working again.  I'll see if I can get anyone to cover for me.", "Really?! I didn\u2019t know that! I sure hope you will be able to make it, especially now that you have offered to help with the meat ;)", "Me too! I can't go back on my promise."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like country music. I like blues music. I like to go to live concerts.", "My parents listened to country. My family has a farm. I have cows on my farm.", "I did not go to college.", "I do not have a nice car.", "My parents are buying me a truck. I work on my family's farm. I will use the truck for farm work.", "I like almond milk and rice milk. I like regular milk.", "I used to live in a DC suburb. I like some things about the city. I miss things being open all night. I miss the culture of the city.", "I would like to have 2 houses. I don't have Uber or Lyft. I play the lotto. I would buy sound equipment if I won the lotto. I play blues music.", "I eat fresh produce. I love the peace of the country. My town is famous for Silver Queen Sweet Corn."], "partner_persona": ["I dislike country music.", "I am in a family run business. My family does real estate.", "I like winter.", "My life is not peaceful.", "I live in a city. I might want to move.", "My kids can bug me for favors. My kids don't drink cows milk. My kids drink almond milk. My kids get sick from cows milk. I like cow's milk. I sometimes buy cows milk. I am busy.", " I love that things stay open late in the city. I am a woman. I sometimes shop late. I think the city is convenient. I like the country.", "I have friends in the country. I play the lotto. I would like a country and a city house. I would like to live in the country."], "current_conv": ["I see that the lotto is big this week. Have you bought a ticket yet? This could be your chance.", "Yes, I bought 20 tickets when I saw how big the jackpot had gotten.  I don't think it's possible that I lose!", "Nice! I bought some too. 50 to be exact! My family thinks it's dumb of me to buy so many lol but hey it's worth a shot.", "You can't win if you don't play.  I know that for sure.  Hey, I had a really crazy idea and wanted to hear what you thought about it.", "Exactly! Yeah for sure, what's the crazy idea?? I'm very intrigued.", "So you know how when a jackpot is won by multiple people, they split it evenly with each winner?  So if the prize is $100 million and four people get the winning numbers, each person gets 25% of the jackpot?  Well think about this.  If I bought 20 tickets, all with the same numbers, and won the jackpot with three other people, instead of getting 25% of the jackpot, I'd get 20/23rds of the jackpot instead!  So that's what I did!", "LOL but now you only have one chance of winning! I did different numbers for all of my 50 tickets so I have 50 chances.", "Yeah, both strategies have their pros and cons.  But if I win I want it to be on the news.  They'll say, \"There were 23 winners of the jackpot.\"  And then people will think, \"Well that's lame.  Each person takes home such a tiny amount.\"  But then they'll say, \"One insanely brilliant person had 20 winning tickets and is therefore getting the bulk of the jackpot.\"", "Haha, ok ok that would be pretty funny. How are the kids doing?", "They've been a handful lately.  Some of them have been sick this week.  I got a fever myself.  Actually, for a while I thought I was a bit delirious.  Maybe that factored into my buying 20 lotto tickets with the same numbers.", "Aw that's a bummer. Hopefully they are all feeling a little better this week! And now I completely understand why you bought those tickets now LOL", "Thanks.  Yes, they'll be fine in no time.  They bounce back from just about anything.  And then keep bouncing and bouncing and bouncing."], "history_conv": [["Hey ya, sitting here listening to some country music, do you like country music?", "Not really, in fact it is the one genre I don't like..", "Oh shoot, I born and raised county preachers kid. I think it is in our blood.", "My family and I focus more on the company. But that is interesting!", "What is the company? We run our own produce farm.", "We have built quite a successful real estate company throughout the years..", "Wow, that must be interesting, do you have a particular favorite time of year?", "I would say winter. Are you in college perhaps?", "Naw, just working the farm. Never been too far.", "Peaceful and quiet life. I could go for some of that after a day of hustle..", "I hear ya, I bet you drive a big fancy car.", "Not too fancy, too much luxurious items distract from the preciousness of our little ones.", "You have a good evening.", "You as well. Nice to meet you."], ["I know you said you don't like country music but you also said you like every other genre. You've got to check this band out, it's more of a blues sound.", "Oh yeah? I suppose I could try to give it a listen, who are they?", "Quaker City Night Hawks. Their live performances are incredible! I'm attending one of their shows soon if you'd like to come and bring your kids along.", "I live a pretty hectic life but I may be able to squeeze something like that in. Is it appropriate to bring kids there?", "It sure is! I think it will turn into a fond memory. You deserve some quality time with your kids. They actually have a concert coming up this winter so you can plan ahead for it.", "Hey that could be good if we could do it during winter break, make a weekend of it. I agree, I would love to have quality time and make memories", "I'd be happy to have you guys stay over at the farm after the concert. I promise you, it's nice to get away from the city sometimes.", "That sounds really lovely, maybe if we like it enough out there we could come back or even move--I'm tired of the city!", "I hear that! The city is awfully oppressive with its neverending traffic and craziness. It's much more peaceful out here. Your kids could even milk some cows!", "Oh  no, if they enjoy it, then they will bug me non stop for a cow haha", "Haha that might be a problem!! Can't exactly bring a cow into your apartment. It's good for your kids to get a sense for where their food comes from through..", "Even though we don't drink cows milk, I agree! That sounds like a great time we would all enjoy and I cannot wait to plan!"], ["My parents has decided to buy me a nice truck.", "That's so nice of them! Is it payment for all your hard work on the family farm?", "Yeah. It is a perk of working on the farm. We blend our assets together and I'm sure I will be using the truck for the farm work, so it's not all mine really. Do your kids drink soy or almond milk? How do they eat cereal?", "We usually go almond milk. Cow's milk doesn't sit well on their stomaches for some reason, even the lactose-free kind. I'm hoping they'll grow out of that. I miss cow's milk myself. I buy it every now and then, but if the kids get into it, it's a disaster for at least a day, and I don't have time to play milk police.", "Oh no, that's a challenge. Almond and rice milk are pretty good, but I would also miss regular milk. I am sure in the city it's a lot easier to get special foods like gluten free and dairy free if you need it. What if anything, do you like about living in the city?", "I love how late everything is open. Like you said, there's a wide availability of products, and on a mom schedule, sometimes I need to do my shopping very late. It's mostly just convenient to live in the city, but I appreciate what the country has to offer too. Do you think you'd like a city at all?", "I used to live in a suburb of DC and I liked some things. I agree, I miss stores and restaurants being open all night. In the small town in the country, there is not much in the way of culture and I miss that. Everything closes on Sunday and town is done at maybe 8pm.", "Yeah, once you have convenience it's hard to go back. When I go visit my friends in the country we can't even use food delivery services most of the time. I think there are ups and downs to both. Maybe one day I'll hit the lotto and be able to have a city and a country house.", "That would be ideal, to have a city and country house, or a summer and winter home and maybe do Airbnb part of the year. Yeah, we don't even have Uber or Lyft here. The biggest store is Walmart. We can dream about hitting the lotto, yes. That would be awesome. I would buy a bunch of sound equipment and play blues music.", "That would be amazing! I know that equipment can be SO expensive. But yeah, no ride shares, no Grubhub or Door Dash. But there's a lot more peace and quiet I'll bet.", "Yes, there are pros and cons to country life. We eat really well with fresh produce and get a lot of fresh air. I don't miss the traffic at all. Around DC, it was so bad and it took an hour to go what was a 20 minute trip anywhere else. I love the peace out here. Our town is famous for Silver Queen Sweet Corn. I can travel to the city when I want and live out here though. That's not bad. Would you want to move to a suburb or the country?", "Oh, I think I'd probably like to go full country if I'm going to do it. And I'm ready to not be so close to neighbors"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been to Boston but I grew up in San Francisco.", "I work a lot and fish in my spare time. My job requires me to travel. I fish for dinner.", "I am married with children. My wife cooks.", "I watched the dark knight. I am going to watch all dark knight movies. I love batman. I like the joker in the movies. I watched Joker with Joaquin Phoenix. I thought it was very sad.", "I like to fish and eat the fish. I have not made fish and chips before.", "I like Fried food. I have not tried a fried twinkie before but it sounds good."], "partner_persona": ["I am an English teacher in Boston.", "I draw.", "I like to volunteer.", "I am sarcastic.", "I like Fish 'n Chips.", "My favorite movie is the dark knight. I like character development. I like the joker in the movies.", "I have seen the Dark Knight movie. I like the movie Batman.", "I like fried oreos with ice creams."], "current_conv": ["I just got home from the after dinner movie Dark Knight!  it was packed in the theater.  ", "I bet it was packed. How did you like the movie?", "It was pretty darn exciting. I think it's probably the best of all the batman movies. ", "Yes, I loved this movie also. What was your favorite part of the movie?", "I like the Bruce Wayne parts of the movie. I like that he's a bit of a jerk.", "I like those parts also. I think him being a little of a jerk is what makes the movie.", "Totally. Take Superman, for example. His alter ego is so boring, that you kind of want to root against him a little bit. I prefer complicated characters, they seem more like real people.", "Yes, that is so true. I never really looked at it that way but makes perfect since. That is probably why I loved Deadpool", "Exactly. There's a whole bunch of new super hero movies and shows that show the characters flaws. Way different than the superheroes that were around when I was growing up.", "Yes, things have completely changed, But I think that is what makes it better. More relatable and even funny ", "That would be me if I was a super hero. I'd just be doing dumb stuff all of the time. ", "Yes, so would I. that is the fun part lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Nice to chat with you, where are you from?", "I from boston lately. That is where I teach english.", "Boston is a great place! I spent my youth in san francisco.", "San francisco! I would love to draw its landscape. What hobbies do you have?", "I spend time fishing, when I'm not busy with work. What about you?", "I volunteer for the homeless and walk through parks. Pretty much a hero.", "Wow! I wish I had time for that. I am traveling often with my job.", "Sounds exciting! You could always fight crime in the cities you visit.", "That's true! What else do you like to do with your time?", "Well, I love the dark knight movie. So, I often dress up for cosplay.", "That's exciting! I wonder if my wife and kids would like that movie.", "Oh... You have a wife. Is it serious?", "I do! I'd say so. She makes me home made french fries- my favorite!", "She sounds lucky. Can you still catch me a fish and have her make the chips?"], ["I finally watched The Dark Knight, my family and I loved it. Thank you for the recommendation!", "That's great! Are you going to watch the next one in the series?", "Absolutely. I'm in love with Batman now. Which is your favorite movie?", "I love each of the three, but my favorite has to be The Dark Knight. It shows the most inner turmoil and character development. What was your favorite part in it?", "I love it all, but any parts with the Joker are awesome. What was your favorite part?", "Same, I loved the Joker! Did you watch the movie Joker with Joaquin Phoenix?", "I did. It was the darkest movie I've seen and very sad.", "Yeah, a lot of my friends and I talked about how it shows mental illness, and lack of support for it.", "I agree .It really did. The Dark Knight series and subsequent movies have really propelled Batman as a whole.", "Other than watching movies, what else have you been doing for fun?", "I went fishing yesterday. I pulled enough in to have dinner.", "Wow!! That's great! Who cooked?"], ["I'm going to watch the Dark Knight again.", "That sounds like an awesome use of time! Going to wait until after dinner or just go ahead and start asap?", "I'm thinking after dinner, it's a good way to let the food go down!", "Totally. So did you catch your dinner out on the lake today or is it store-bought fish tonight?", "always the catch of the day! i can't really go back to store bought after i've tasted fresh catches. you should come by and try some if you ever have time", "If you can make some fish 'n chips, I'm totally there! We can eat and watch the Dark Night for the hundredth time, haha.", "sounds good, ha! i've never made fish n chips before though, so i'll have to practice before you come over", "I don't think it's all that complicated; if you can fry a fish (or maybe if your wife can in your cases, haha), you can probably make fish 'n chips.", "sounds simple enough. plus, once you fry anything it's bound to be good", "Truth! Have you ever had a deep fried Twinkie? We could have those along with the fish 'n chips for Batman night!", "I've never had one of those, i wouldn't even think to deep fry a twinkie! it sounds delicious though. I've seen people deep fry oreos as well, that always looks good!", "Yep, especially with ice cream. Yum."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the beach. I live near a coastline.", "I like scary movies and I have a girlfriend.", "I am confident as I was on the football team.I was an athlete in high school and college.", "I like movies and I do karate.", "I live in an apartment. I love IKEA. I like the look of modern, chic furniture.", "I eat a lot of meat and other proteins. I go to the gym often.", "I love the show \"The Blacklist\". I like the character \"Reddington\" from \"The Blacklist\".", "I like the movie \"Doctor Strange\"."], "partner_persona": ["I need furniture. I have not been to Ikea, but I like Ikea furniture.", "I like sports and meat.", "I do not eat seafood.", "I like Pitch Perfect.", "I like baseball a lot. I have not seen \"Doctor Strange\"."], "current_conv": ["Hi again, when did you start learning karate?", "Karate? That's a pretty recent thing for me. I am not very good at it, but it helps me stay in shape. I wish I had more time for it.", "I imagine you spend most of your time on baseball, haha. I suppose that keeps you in shape as well.", "I play sometimes, but I watch a lot of baseball. Karate gets me off my butt. It's a better workout than baseball.", "Ah, makes sense. Baseball involves running though, no? Doesn't that provide a good workout?", "Too much standing around. It's fun as a pasttime, but not so good for aerobic exercise. Karate is a workout!", "Ah, gotcha. Yeah, baseball is a lot of standing, a bit of batting, and only a bit of running. I definitely agree with what you're saying.", "You're probably in good shape yourself, since you spend so much time in the gym. I should do the same. Karate gets me out of the house and away from the TV and computer.", "It's never too late to start! It takes some time to get into the routine of working out regularly, but it's well worth it! I feel energized and healthy.", "I'm a bit intimidated when I go to the gym. Everyone seems so fit and tone! They should have a gym just for out of shape folks.", "They should, haha! I don't think it's too big of a deal though--everyone's just there to do their own thing, and nobody will really judge.", "Too many mirrors. Just a sad reminder of how far I stll need to go. I would love to have some magic tech mirror that shows me how I will look if I keep exercising."], "history_conv": [["I hope you are having as beautiful a day as the beach I just left.", "Hello there, how are you today?", "Fabulous, just about to watch a scary movie with my lady. Yourself/.", "Ooh tired, been looking for a good furniture store.", "Maybe I can help. As a former captain of a football team, I am good in groups.", "Really, high school football or college?", "Both! Do you like athletics?", "Pretty much yes, I also love steak and hotdogs.", "Sounds delicious. The seafood is the must have here though. Being close to the beach.", "Yes I can imagine but I am not a seafood person.", "Do you like movies? I like the karate kid. Got me into karate myself.", "I like girlie movies, pitch perfect is the perfect one."], ["Have you gotten any furniture? I love IKEA, it's where I got everything in my apartment.", "I've never been, but a lot of people love it. What do you like most about their furniture?", "It is all very chic and modern, but boy is it a pain in the butt to put together and sometimes they forget parts!", "Is all of their furniture polymer/plastic based?", "No, they have a lot of \"wooden\" stuff as well, but I don't believe any of it is super-high quality. The wood ones are compressed particle board", "At least all the furniture will be light and easy to move!", "Eh, you would be surprised at how heavy some of the pieces can be. It's great if you like to frequently update the styles in your house, since you don't need a truck to move it all", "Good point! What about their prices?", "High or low all depends on what you think is cheap or expensive. $10 for an end tabel", "Wow! I could afford to change out end tables every year. I see what you mean about being able to update more quickly.", "Sure. Helps keep things fresh and fun in the home. Fresh paint helps too", "I believe I will check them out. You have me very interested!"], ["Have you checked out IKEA yet, or gotten new furniture from anywhere?", "I have not been to the store yet but have looked online. I do like the look of their furniture. It's got a simple design and very modern look.", "Yeah, they deal in executive designs too, which can make your home look beautiful. My girlfriend introduced me to it. What's your view of the many claims about the health dangers of meat?", "We'll I'm a meat lover so it would be hard for me to give it up. I think anything can be harmful if you take it to the extreme. Meat provides a lot of protein. Do you eat a lot of meat?", "Yeah, I eat a lot meat too. The fact is, meat is very healthy, and does not pose any health risks, as long as you cook it right. I usually go to the gym, and since I need a lot of protein for adding muscle mass, I eat lots of meat, eggs and lentils too.", "Yeah, I think being so athletic, you need that protein for energy levels. Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?", "Man I love \"The Blacklist.\" It is a TV show on NBC. Have you watched it?", "I don't think I've seen it. What's it about? I spend most of my time watching sports when I'm at home.", "It's about some criminal concierge called Reddington, who establishes a criminal empire with the aid of the FBI who grant him an immunity, in exchange for valuable information regarding other well known criminals. I just like his character.", "Sounds interesting, maybe I'll give it a try. What is your favorite scary movie?", "Doctor Strange. That thing freaked me out so bad that I screamed loud in the middle of the night. What kind of sports do you like watching? Did you watch the UCL final>", "I like all sports but especially baseball. I've been a fan all my life. It's the best part of summer.... ha!  I don't think I've seen Doctor Strange. Is is creepy?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy ice cream.", "My father was a military man.", "I am an avid reader. I have never visited Disney World. I have read books about Disney World. I spend a lot of time working and reading. I like to read about ice cream, Disney World, and computers.", "I am employed by a small local business. My work schedule is pretty tough.I am 27 years old. I want to have a new career before too long.", "I do not have kids.", "I am considering quitting my job to work at Disney World. I'm also considering becoming a dentist."], "partner_persona": ["I really like meeting new people.", "My mother is a dentist. My mother has a busy practice.I am not allowed to eat sweets.", "I love Disney World.", "I work for a computer company. It's important that I hold on to this job.", "I have a child who is attending kindergarden.", "I do not read much."], "current_conv": ["I had the best chat with your mother.", "She told me you guys talked. What did you guys talk about?", "We talked about cooking. I thought she was going to talk to me about oral health, but I was pleasantly surprised.", "She was probably waiting to see if you were going to say anything. She loves her job, but she knows people get bored with hearing about it. If you really want to be a dentist you should talk to her again and ask her about it.", "I hear it's good money. It makes me a little sick to my stomach, thinking about having my hands in someone's dirty mouth.", "You have gloves and if it is something you want to do then you will get over it. And just remember the dentist only has to do it for a few minutes the cleaning using done by the hygienist. ", "That's true, I guess. I know becoming a dentist is the smart thing to do, but working at Disney will make me the happiest. So I am torn between them.", "Then you should do what really makes you happy. Disney is a great company to work for. ", "I can always go back to school for dentistry at any time. Most dentists are old anyways! No offense to your mom.", "She is one of the young ones. She had me young. Yes, you can always go to school later for it. Don't give up a job that makes you happy.", "Is your kid interested in dentistry? I feel like that's something that typically runs in families.", "She thinks it is cool grandma does it, but I don't she want to do it."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! Nice to talk to you today. How are you?", "I'm good! I love meeting new people!", "Me too! I'm just eating some ice cream while chatting tonight.", "Yum! My mom's a dentist, so she would kill me if I eat sweets!", "Is she? That must've been interesting growing up. My dad was in the military.", "Have you ever been to disney world? I love it there!", "I haven't. I love to read though and have read a lot about it!", "You should go! I think I like it more than my kid!", "My work schedule is demanding or I would. I work for a small local business.", "Oh, ok. I'm currently working for a computer company.", "That's cool! I'm only 27 so I hope to move to a new career soon.", "I'm kind of stuck in this career for now. At least until my kid graduates."], ["What grade is your child in at school?", "They are in kindergarden. Do you have any kids yourself?", "I do not. I spend most of my time working and reading. Do you like books?", "Must be nice to focus on what career you would like. Im not too much of a reader myself. Which type of books do you enjoy?", "I like books about ice cream and Disney World. I like to read about computers as well.", "Oh i love Disney world i'm hoping to take my child there soon. Now that they are tall enough to go on most things.", "That would be a great trip. I hear their rides are great for kids. Maybe I'll quit my job and start working there soon.", "Yes i am hoping they love it as much I do. Yeah you should as you love it so much that would be a great fit for you.", "Thanks for saying that! I need some support to quit my job and you've given me the motivation I needed.", "Yes you should defiantly feel motivated and supported to follow your dreams.", "If I have questions about being a dentist instead can I speak to your mother about it?", "Yes of course I will pass you on her details incase you want to contact her."], ["I thought more about becoming a dentist, and would like to know if I can set up a time to talk to your mother about it.", "Oh, I can ask her for you. Is there a particular day or time that works best for you?", "Usually late morning is a good time for me. do you think she will be ok with it?", "Hmm, she might be busy with her practice. But we'll see. Would evening or lunchtime be ok with you?", "sure, whatever is best for her since she would be doing me a favor", "Ok, great. What made you decide to be a dentist?", "I was always fearful of dentists and i want to help others not to be afraid and show them there's really nothing to be scared of", "Aww, that's great. Have you been looking at dental programs in colleges lately?", "Actually I have and I really haven't found anything yet, but i plan to keep looking after I talk with your mother", "Ok, yeah, she might have some good suggestions for you. In case she wants to meet you for lunch, is there any kind of food you like in particular?", "I'm very flexible when it comes to food.  Your mother can decide...I mainly would like to pick her brain, so any type of food is fine with me.", "Ok. Do you have any dietary restrictions, then?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like hiking and soda.", "I do not eat meat.", "I have a parrot that I tell jokes to. My parrot talks.", "I am a redhead.", "I do not proofread texts.", "I like to make jokes. I have tried to tell my parrot jokes.", "I am not too picky about which football game I watch."], "partner_persona": ["I love pizza.", "I like football.", "I live with my mon who is a nurse.", "I am blond and a therapist.", "I make jokes. I really like pirate humor.", "My alma mater's football team is not very good.", "I am a vegetarian.", "My mom doesn't like my jokes, especially pirate jokes. I want to learn more jokes."], "current_conv": ["My parrot repeated one of my jokes and it was really funny.", "I would have love to hear that. Your jokes are always funny, but to hear a parrot tell it would be great.", "You will have to come over sometime and hear the parrot say the joke. ", "Yes, I will. I can't wait I'm laughing thinking about it. Maybe you will have taught it another one by then.", "Yes, I will get to work on the and see if I can teach it another one. When do you want to come by?", "Why don't we do a dinner in about a week. Give you time to try to teach him another joke. ", "Yes, that sounds good. That should be enough time. We will talk about dinner in a couple of days. But probably do take out", "Yes, that will be great. I can't wait this will be so much fun.", "Yes, It will be so much fun. We always have so much fun when we are together. Be thinking about what you want to eat.", "I will I am trying to remember that meal we had last time we went out that we liked so much.", "I can not think what it was. Was it something with chicken? ", "I think it was. I will try and remember before that day so we can order it again."], "history_conv": [["Hello. I just got back from a hike. Now I'm going to drink a sprite.", "Sounds good. All you need a pizza! I eat pizza at least weekly.", "Mmm I could use a pizza too. I'm a vegetarian though..", "Veggie pizza as good! While watching football.", "Yeah I think so too. Can I bring my pet parrot tasha to watch?", "Of course! My mom loves parrots. She's a nurse.", "That's cool. My parrot has red feathers like my hair colour.", "Wish I had red hair. I'm a blond therapist. My clients think I'm ditsy, at first..", "I'm sure you stent. They shouldn't be so quick to judge..", "Right! Does your parrot talk?", "Oops. Auto correct. I meant aren't. Yes my parrot says yaarrrhhhh matey.", "Does he rob people of their bullion and wear an eye patch?", "I've taught him how to rob people so I can get money and never get caught.", "I bet he's a formidable swordsman, to boot."], ["Yarrrrr, matey. Would you be up for some pizza and football soon? I'll bring the parrot and sprite if you bring the vegetarian pizza.", "Sounds like fun!  Does your parrot tell pirate jokes?", "No, he doesn't have a good sense of humor. When I try to tell him jokes, he covers his head with a wing and groans.", "That's too bad. For a minute I thought you might have a comedy career together!  I guess i won't tell him any of my pirate jokes then.", "You might as well try. Who knows! You might find one he laughs at.", "True. He might think blonds are funnier than redheads! HA! What football game do you want to watch?", "Hmm. I'm not too picky. Who's playing? Do you have a favorite team?", "I like to watch my alma mater play, but they aren't very good.  Maybe we should watch the Alabama game.", "That sounds good! If you want to come over, I'll order some pizza and wings.", "You sure your parrot won't be concerned about the wings?  Of course, maybe he can tell they are vegetarian wings.", "Yeah, they just look like saucy food nuggets to him. He has seeds to chomp on, so he's fine.", "That's good.  I wouldn't want him to get  paranoid!  Do you think he'll talk to me? Does he have a large vocabulary?"], ["I got my parrot to finally laugh at some of my jokes, I have to tell you which joke worked.", "Tell me! I have to try telling that joke to my mom.", "What do you give a sick bird? tweetment", "LOL! Your parrot might react to that joke since it's about the same species. Doubt this will work on my mom then.", "She must be sick of your pirate jokes by now.", "She is not a fan of my jokes for sure, especially the pirates ones. She told me once I should therapy myself out of my jokes.", "This one is more of a pun, but... What happens if you take the \"P\" out of a pirate?", "Yup, I tried that one on her too... she did become irate. LOL. I need to expand my joke repertoire.", "Well, if you know that one then you are already an expert pirate jokester. LOL.", "Maybe I should start studying on Parrot jokes. Any suggestions?", "Do you think you know more parrot jokes than me? Toucan play that game!", "LOL! Have you tried that one with your parrot?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My co-workers call me Ginger, but my name is Mary Anne.", "I enjoy grilling out on weekends. I enjoy BBQing. I eat meat. I have a grandfather who made BBQ.", "I work to support my family.", "I like vintage punk music.", "I have a younger brother and a younger sister. I do not see my siblings often. I have a Facebook account.", "I made the world's best prime rib and brisket. I shared my food with my siblings.", "I barbecue at the weekends."], "partner_persona": ["I am employed at a bar. I am a recent college graduate.", "My mother works at FedEx.", "I live on a houseboat.", "I have 3 brothers and a sister. I see my siblings often.", "I have two cookouts per week at my house. I enjoy cooking and grilling. I eat meat. I have a grandmother who made ribs.", "I try to barbecue once or twice a month. I work at a bar and we have barbecue on our menu."], "current_conv": ["My younger brother is thinking of moving closer to me, that would be so much fun!", "Wow! Family barbecue time! When will he decide?", "Right? Soon I hope. I just have to not get my hopes too high. How are things on the houseboat?", "Not bad, but to be honest I don't see it enough because I've been working a lot more. I have a few days off in a row next week, though. Can't wait.", "So the bar has busy? Selling lots of barbecue?", "Lots of parties we've been hosting, actually. I guess it's the time of year when everyone wants to rent out the space. Good money, though!", "That's awesome. All that time spent working will make the family time that much more special. Have you gotten to try the barbecue at your work?", "Yeah! I'm also experimenting with some new rubs and trying them out at these parties. Good feedback so far. How about you? Any recipes you want to share?", "Nothing off the top of my head, but I'll definitely let you know if I end up having to prepare a \"Welcome Home\" cookout. I wonder if your grandmother and my grandfather knew each other.", "Wouldn't that be funny? The older I get, the more I realize what a small world it is, so it wouldn't surprise me.", "Nothing brings people together like barbecue! So what's next after college? Think your time at bar may be winding down?", "I've been thinking about that, but I'm kind of enjoying drifting along for now. How about you? Changes in your future?"], "history_conv": [["If they call me ginger at work again, I am going to quit. Advice?", "What's wrong with ginger, enjoy it..", "I prefer mary anne though! This guys are just wrong.", "Well marry anne, maybe you should come work with me.", "I'm as heated as the grill I use on weekends. What do you do?", "I work in a bar, I just graduated from college.", "Exciting times! I miss those days. Now, I just try to support my family.", "Yes, I just picked my mom she works at fedex.", "How relaxed is it there? Could I listen to old punk music while I worked?", "Oh yes you can, you can also live like me on a houseboat.", "Houseboat! You are an adventurer. I must know your hobbies.", "That I am, having 4 siblings, we have fun every day."], ["So how many brothers and/or sisters do you have?", "I have 3 brother and a sister. Do you have siblings?", "I'm the oldest and I have one of each. Do they come to visit your houseboat often?", "Oh nice. Yeah we are always around each others has doing BBQ's and things like that. Do you get to see yours often?", "Not that often. Everyone kind of drifted away as they got older. At least we have Facebook!", "Yeah that happens often. But yeah technology is a massive help. Especially things like facetime.", "Have you been having more cookouts lately now that the weather is nicer?", "Yes we do at least two a week at my house. I love cooking and would do it more often. Grilling food is so much fun and it also smells amazing. Do you ever do cookouts?", "Yep! I like BBQing on the weekends. It's nice to relax in the backyard with a nice, juicy burger. I think we're doing ribs this weekend! You're free to come over, if you'd like.", "That is so right, nothing is better than a nice juicy burger. Oooohh Ribs sound perfect i may have to make some next time.", "They're delicious. I'm trying my grandad's bbq recipe. I'm excited! If they come out right, they will slip right off the bone and be completely messy.", "Oh nice I wish i had my Grandma's recipe her ribs were the best. My brother probably makes the best in my family."], ["Let me tell you about what I grilled this week!", "Yes, go ahead! What did you make?", "oh my let me tell you i made the world best prime rib and brisket over a grilled potato", "Great. Was it just for you, or did you get to share with others?", "I shared with my siblings as a gift we dont that much unfortuntately", "Ok, well, that was nice of you. How often do you barbecue?", "i usually  barbecue on weekends how about you", "I try to do it once or twice a month. Is there any particular food item or items you like best when it comes to grilling?", "I like to let my meat soak alchol for a bit to get more flavor don't you work at a bar", "I do. We have barbecue on our menu too, actually.", "i heard old beer can work great on certain food mostly bbq lucky", "Oh, great - thanks for the tip!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an artist and musician. I love rocking out!.", "I am very interested in animals and nature.", "My mother works as a nurse and drives a nice car. She isn't willing to give me any help.", "I own dogs. I plan on exploring a cave with my dogs on Easter Sunday.", "I have never seen The Foo Fighters but would like to. I have been to Blink-182 and Green Day concerts. I have seen Lit, Everclear, and Sugar Ray and thought they were awesome, even though the bands were old.", "My favorite part of summer is concerts and fairs.  I am going to a Green Day concert in a few weeks.", "I went splunking in a new cave.  I like to take photos. I am not scared of caves with bats.  My dogs and I did not disturb the bats.", "I like Country music.  I like the songs \"Islands in the Stream\" and \"Lucille\" by Kenny Rogers. I like Kenny's voice especially in the song \"lady\"."], "partner_persona": ["I especially like rock and roll, rhythm and blues, and country music.", "I recently dyed my hair blue.", "My mother is very good to me. One of my birthday presents was my mom's 2014 Elantra. I'm going to celebrate Easter with my mom.", "I am a nature lover.", "I'm turning 29 years old next week. I am going to a rock concert for my birthday. I am going to see The Foo Fighters, who I have never seen before. I have not seen Blink-182 or Green Day. I am going to spend time with my mum on my birthday because she is my best friend.", "I have been to bats island in South East Asia.", "I like Kenny Rogers. I like \"The Gambler\" and \"Lady\" by Kenny Rogers.  I think Kenny rogers has a good voice.", "I am going to a  Foo Fighters' concert at BottleRock Napa Valley."], "current_conv": ["I found a concert for the Foo fighters close in the area and I want to book tickets.  I cannot wait to see them", "When did you first listen to the foo fighters? ", "Oh my goodness. Who knows? Definitely in the 90s at some point! Are you excited to see them too? ", "Yeah! I hope we can meet at a concert one day! And maybe even splunking", "Yes, please! I am sure there are still Green Day tickets available if you want to check them out together! ", "Maybe I can also go to the one you're attending! Are you going to a fair this summer?", "I was not planning on it. Do they have concerts at the fair?", "I don't think so. I think of Renaissance fairs when someone mentions fairs", "i might have to check out one or two when I have some time, but just the regular fairs haha. Do you go to those and wear costumes and whatnot?", "I used to go with my mom, but we just would go to see others costumes and the events. They even had jousting!", "That sounds kinda fun...a little far from rock and roll, but still interesting. I do need to save my money for the music though, man. Not sure lute is my thing.", "How are your dogs? It's cool they go to caves with you"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I'm a musician and artist and I like to rock! What music do you like?", "Hi. I like all kinds of music....rock, country, r&b..basically, anything.", "I also like nature and animals but I'm more of a musician and artist.", "Just died my hair blue. Bd is next week. I'll be 29!", "Well happy birthday! I bet you will have a smurfing good time.", "My mom gave me her 2014 elantra for my bd.", "Now people will wonder how somebody with blue hair can afford a car like that.", "My mom gave it to me. She's so nice.", "My mother is a nurse. She has a nice car but she won't help me.", "I'll be with my mother for the easter weekend. I love her so much!", "I'm going to explore a cave on easter. I like being out in nature.", "Sounds like fun. I love nature.", "I'm taking my dogs so they will attack any mutant easter bunnies we find in the cave.", "Your comment doesn't make a bit of sense?"], ["What are you planning to do for your birthday?", "I think I am going to go to a rock concert, I can't wait!", "That's very exciting! Who are you going to see?", "The Foo Fighters. I have never seen them before. Have you seen them?", "No, but I've always wanted to. I've seen Blink-182 and Green Day and those concerts were awesome. I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun!", "Wow, I am yet to see them. Maybe I missed my chance to see them in their prime.", "I think no matter how old they get, it's still fun. I saw Lit, Everclear, and Sugar Ray when they were old and the music was still great. haha", "You are so lucky. I thought it was good I would get to see one band but it sounds like you have been very busy.", "I love concerts. They're one of my favorite parts of summer. The fair and concerts are what I look forward to.", "I think I will make concerts a main part of summer now. Thanks for the encouragement.", "You are welcome! Do you have any other birthday plans? A party with family, a dinner with friends, etc?", "I will probably spend a lot of time with my mum. We are like best friends."], ["I recently went splunking in a new cave with my dogs and I managed to get some great photos of cave bats!", "Wait, are you and your dogs okay with being in a cave bats? Isn't that scary?", "Haha, it's not scary at all. It seemed that they were hibernating, and we didn't disturb them, so nothing big happened. It was all fun, especially watching them in their overturned positions.", "I guess my love on nature is limited to the non-moving part of it. I went to the bats' island in South East Asia before, and seeing thousands of bats flying across those islands was scary.", "It's always scary especially when they are moving in large flocks, in addition to their irking noises. Who is your favorite country music artist?", "Definitely Kenny Rogers. I was so sad when he passed away. How about you? Do you like country music too?", "Yeah, I like country music too. His demise was huge hit on the country genre. I love this songs \"Islands in the Stream\" and \"Lucille\" a lot. Which is your favorite piece by him?", "I like \"The Gambler\" and \"Lady\". I like his other pieces too. His voice is so good.", "Omg, I thought I was the only one who admires his voice, especially the poses in the song \"Lady.\"", "IKR! I always play his play list when I need to sooth my soul. Are you planning to go to any concert anytime soon?", "Yeah, I am planning to attend a Green Day concert that is upcoming in a few weeks time. Which concert are you planning to go on your birthday? Btw, happy birthday in advance.", "Thank you! I plan to go to  Foo Fighters' concert at BottleRock Napa Valley."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from texas. I have a mother who is a doctor.", "I care for animals.  I have a father he is a fireman.", "I have no siblings.", "I have read part of the Bible, starting with Genesis, but found the stories to be too violent. I don't understand why people follow the Bible. I have read the Gospel of Judas. I want to read the Book of Enoch. I am almost positive the Gospel of Judas was found on a scroll in the Dead Sea.", "I think it is important to read about the background of books. I watch Youtube videos that trace the original writers of the Canon books. I don't think people fact check Youtube.", "I am not religious. I like the historical context behind the bible. I find it difficult to read the old testament due to the violence."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a city.", "I read and do pilates. I read novels.", "I have a brother.", "I walk to work.", "I am reading the Bible this week, starting with Genesis. I am not interested in non-canon books, like the Enoch. I think movies on TV are more violent than the Bible. I am going to read Kings this week. I find that my faith is strengthened through the Bible because it is an endless source of wisdom. I like to look at the background of books before reading them. I have heard about the Gospel of Mary. I would like copies of the books that were found on the Dead Sea scrolls. I am in awe of the miracles of God.", "I grew up religious. I found different religious beliefs as I got older.", "I recently read a book called Gospel of Mary.", "One of my favorite hobbies is to read. I have read a ton about buddhism this year.", "I like to read novels. I enjoy reading spiritual texts because it shows how the world has been shaped and for self reflection."], "current_conv": ["I read this really cool novel that I think you would really like. ", "Oh, neat.  Tell me about it.", "Parable of the Sower. Have you heard of it? It's quite spiritual.", "No, I've never heard of it.  Who's it by and what's it about?", "Octavia Butler is the author, and I don't want to give away too much, but it's kind of an apocalypse story. But a hopeful one!", "That sounds interesting.  I'll definitely look it up and give it a try.  A hopeful apocalypse story sounds like it could be really fascinating.", "I think you'll love it. As I said, it's very spiritual, and although of course it has a lot of death and violence because of the genre, the theme is really original.", "It does sound intriguing.  Where did you hear about it?", "Someone recommended it on Twitter a long time ago but I'm just getting around to reading it recently. Glad I remembered to look it up.", "Was it someone on Twitter that you know personally or just a random tweet that caught your attention?  I've never really paid attention to suggestions online from people I don't know decently.", "It was a celebrity, if I recall correctly. Might have been John Green. Seems like the kind of thing he would like.", "That's interesting.  Well if I end up liking this book I might start paying attention to other things that John Green recommends."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I want to help all the animals who are suffering.", "Hi! That's great! Where are you from?", "I am from texas, my mom got a job here as a doctor.", "Wow, nice! I live in the heart of the city.", "Cool, and urban dweller, what do you do for fun?", "I like to read and do pilates when I have the chance. You?", "I love taking care of animals that my dad finds, he is a fireman.", "That's great that you're near family. I only have a single brother. No sisters.", "I don't have any sisters or brothers, just my paretns.", "I see. I like to walk to work instead of driving so I see animals.", "That is so cool, you must be a kind person.", "Thank you! I think the pilates helps my mood- it keeps me grounded.", "That is true! Reading keeps me grounded.", "Reading novels is my favorite. I shoot for one per week!"], ["Well, tell me what new novel have you started this week?", "I actually ended up reading the Bible this week, starting out in Genesis. Have you ever read it?", "I've read part of it. Once I also thought I'd read it straight through starting from Genesis. I didn't get too far before the stories got so violent I was grossed out and put it down forever. Have you ever read the non-canon books?", "I've read some of Enoch but I don't really have any interest in them. I haven't found the Bible too gross. The movies on TV are worse lol", "I disagree completely! How far did you get? I was going to tell you bring up the grossest one I read, the one that made me question why people would follow that religion, but I don't want to spoil anything for you! I read the Gospel of Judas. I want to read the Book of Enoch next. Honestly, I felt like the Gospel of Judas made the whole thing make a lot more sense. It really helped me understand and have perspective on these super violent stories!", "I've read bits and pieces over time, so spoil away! This week I got to Kings. I think there's a lot of thing that have strengthened my faith through reading the Bible. There's so many valuable lessons to be found its an endless source of wisdom. I guess I'll consider reading Judas, but I always like to look into background information about the books first. Thanks for the idea.", "I agree, it is very important to look into the background of the books. I've been watching a lot of youtube videos tracing the original writer of each of the New Testament (Canon) books. So, I take those histories with a grain of salt. I don't know how many people are fact checking on YouTube. I think the Gospel of Judas was found with the dead sea scrolls. But then, did you hear about the Gospel of Mary?", "Yes I have. Haven't read it though. I'd like to get a copy of that book the Dead Sea Scrolls. Have you read that? I'm curious what kind of information they have in there.", "I'm pretty positive the Gospel of Judas was one of the scrolls found in that cave. I don't know about the book of Enoch or the Gospel of Mary. But the Gospel of Mary is very short. It's not actually written by a Mary. It's just a scrap of scroll that says something about Mary, Jesus' betrothed, or some other word meaning his beloved wife! Wouldn't that shake the world! But it turned out to be a forgery.", "haha Yeah that's not surprising. Jesus is God in physical form so He wouldn't take a human wife. That's like marrying your own children which is straight up Deuteronomy/Leviticus unbiblical.", "Hahahaha!! That was an excellent joke! The laws reference was on point. I enjoyed it very much. Which is your favorite Bible book so far?", "Honestly its so hard to narrow it down. The epicness of God bringing Moses and his people out of Egypt through walls of water, marching around Jericho to make a city crumble, oh and how did I almost forget the flood. Like literally God being so frustrated with humanity being like little children who won't obey the rules so he's like you're all done--but then God creates Noah because He knows all this will take place and Noah and his family become redeemers for the entire planet. The miracles and wonders of God put me in awe when I read them."], ["Did you grow up in a religious family or was religion something you found later in life?", "I grew up religious but as I got older I learned more how to find things that really spoke to me instead of just parroting my parents' beliefs. what about you?", "That's really inspiring. I enjoy studying the Bible but I'm not religious myself.", "what sorts of things do you learn from the bible / bible study?", "I find them interesting in an almost historical sense - why people follow certain religious ideas, for example", "agreed. I think that's really fascinating. and there's so much about the bible that we are still learning even all these years later -- missing gospels, etc. do you have any particular aspects of bible study that have been surprising to you?", "I agree! Sometimes I find a lot of the violent parts surprising, a lot of the Old Testament is hard to read for this reason. What about you, do you find yourself reading the Bible a lot these days?", "I recently read a book called The Gospel of Mary which was like, a reinvention of the new testaments and it was so beautiful and so sad. it really made me think.", "That sounds fascinating, I haven't read that one yet. Do you read a lot of books?", "I do! I love to read. it's one of my favorite hobbies. this year i've read a ton about buddhism.", "Ah, that sounds interesting! Do you prefer to read about religions?", "not always. I love novels, too. but certain types of spiritual texts are really interesting in that you can sort of see how the world has been shaped according to who believes what. and it also helps me reflect on myself."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Tracy.  I am a good cook. I am considering quitting my job.  I want to be a punk rocker. I like retro punk music.", "I have a family.", "People sometimes call me Ginger.", "I paint. I like to grill pizza.", "I love making punk music. I'd like to make a living doing it. I have not thought about doing a small side job to make money. I would consider doing delivery services.", "I'm looking for a small part time job to make some extra money on the side. If I hit it off with this small part time job, I could potentially be looking at making it a career for myself.", "I like working independently.", "I'm in a band so with a job controlling my work hours makes it perfect to keep doing what I do and love best."], "partner_persona": ["I can't cook.  I am a freelance entrepreneur. I used to be an accountant. I enjoy working with numbers.", "I am considering a new career.", "I have a dog.  My dog is my best friend.", "I live near the ocean.", "My family asks me for tax advice. I do not like to work for free.", "I have all of the knowledge of Door Dash to get my friend the help they need.", "I love connecting with people. It broadens up my resume and my work experience."], "current_conv": ["I've told my band about all the awesome advantages with this new job and they cannot wait for me to get started. ", "That's excellent, Tracy! What do you do now? Who do you work for?", "I'm a receptionist for a small accounting and bookkeeping firm.", "Oh, nice! Have you had any unpleasant experiences with clients or staff?", "Not with clients. My boss is overbearing and I have a coworker who is unbelievably annoying.", "Oh, that's unfortunate. I suppose that there are going to be annoying co-workers and bosses at every job. That's why I decided to go solo. It's a lot better not having to deal with annoying folks.", "How's the freelance work going, btw?", "It's going alright. It's a bit of a grind trying to get clients and all that, but at least I get to do it from the comfort of my home office. ", "I bet the dress code is rough ... I hear you make yourself wear pants, hahaha. I'd love to be my own boss, that's why I'm looking to do parttime delivery work and go full time with my band", "That's a really good idea! The only downside is a far less consistent income, but if you're alright with that, it's definitely worth a go.", "Yeah but I can smooth it out by hitting it hard when we don't have gigs and then turning it off when we do. I can also do multiple delivery services or rideshare at once. I also heard about this thing called mturk I might supplement with.", "That's a good point. There are plenty of jobs available across different platforms, so there's always something to do. I think you should really seriously consider it, then. It'll be a lot better than working for an overbearing boss."], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is tracy and I am good cook. You?", "Hello! I am an awful cook, but I am a freelance entrepreneur. What do you do?", "Great! If I could I would quit my job and listen to retro punk music. You sing?", "I don't sing but I'm ready to try a new career soon.", "Hmmm... It's hard taking care of my family but I do it out of love. You dance?", "I dance a little. Mostly with my dog, who is my best friend.", "Awe.... I wish people stop calling me by my nickname ginger. You paint?", "I live near the ocean so the scenery is beautiful to paint. Do you paint?.", "Yes. I also love to grill pizza on the weekends. Any hobbies?", "It sounds boring but I enjoy numbers. I previously worked as an accountant.", "Really? I am thinking of quitting my job and become punk rocker. You have any lottery numbers?", "That's very...punk rock of you! I don't have lottery numbers but 7 is always lucky!"], ["Do a lot of people ask you for tax advice?", "No not a lot of people. My family has asked before but unless they are going to pay me then I tell them to just go see a professional", "I guess that makes sense that you don't want to do work for free.", "No I don't think people think about that when they ask for free labor, hah", "I'm sure they don't. they probably feel like since they know you they can get help with it. they wouldn't go to someone they don't know and ask for free services though.", "No, which is why I always suggest they go pay for some service. Have you quit your job yet?", "not yet. I'm worried that my music career won't work out and then I'll be left homeless.", "WOw yeah that wouldn't be good at all. Do you want to be famous or just make enough money to live?", "I just want to make a living doing what I love, which is making punk music.", "Have you thought about taking on a smaller side job so you still have some money coming in and just live stiff for a while?", "not really. I could maybe do delivery stuff where I can choose my own hours I guess.", "Yeah like those companies that bring people their takeout or groceries, those are very popular and if you live in a city, could be lucrative!"], ["I was thinking about what you suggested, doing delivery service work on the side to make money. Do you mind telling me more about what you know about those services?", "you should try doing door dash. it is easy to sign up for and you pick up orders when you feel like it. with options like that you can constantly make money on the side at your time of convenience", "That sounds good. It could be something I could try before deciding to quit my full time ob. Do you know if they have a minimum hours a week to work?", "No they don't have a minimum. You choose when to work and how long you want to work for. It is a very flexible job to have.", "Cool. That sounds a lot better then driving for a ride share service. I don't want strangers in my car.", "I think so too. Especially in the world we live in nowadays you can never be too carefully around strangers. I eard so may horror stories about uber and other services like them", "Very true. And with the flexible schedule hopefully I could get some gigs for my Punk Band. We are looking to play in bars downtown.", "With doordashing you are able to interact with people and most likely develop connections to certain people who can get you more gigs and have a better platform for your band", "I hadn't thought of that. I can scout out locations when I pick up food. Great idea!", "Always got to look outside the box and think about those connections you can make. I am trying to get a marketing job and i made connection with people in those line of work ad they are helping with it", "That's great. I'm glad it's working for you. I'll definitely take your advice.", "sounds good man. Best of luck to you and your bandmates"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I dyed my hair.  I purchased a new dress for Easter.", "I like being outside.  I am traveling out of town soon.", "I have a job. I have a new car. I am almost 29 years old.", "I am interested in fashion. I like to read.", "My mom is a designer. My dad is absent.", "I love animals. I used to have a dog. I cried when I put my dog to sleep. I have no pets, but I would like a do someday. I live in an apartment. My last dog was a rescued mutt."], "partner_persona": ["I like to go for walks and enjoy nature.", "I am a veterinarian. I love animals.", "I like to paint. I like rock music.", "My mom is a nurse.", "I have two dogs and two cats. I jog with my dogs.", "I have many pets and I like to adopt rescues."], "current_conv": ["I found a very sweet Welsh Corgi at a rescue and decided to adopt him. His name is Willy and he's the sweetest dog in the world. ", "That is so amazing. I am so glad you decide to give him a new lease on life. I hate hearing when animals are stuck in there.", "He is a great dog! I love him! He loves his new home. The first 2-3 days he was not comfortable, but now he is at home at home.", "I'm sure it just took him a few as his last family hurt him a lot. Maybe I can come check him out for you just to sure everything is ok with him.", "He loves people, but sometimes he's shy around new people. Probably because of his past.", "I'm sure after awhile he will realize that everything will be fine. ", "He will adjust to people after a while. So, about you: You love animals and jog with your dogs. Dog-jogging! You also have cats. Which do you prefer?", "I love them both. All animals that is why I became a vet to begin with. I wanted to make sure they all got treated with fairness.", "That's great! Cats and dogs show their love in different ways. I prefer dogs, but cats are ok too. ", "Yeah, they do. Dogs are great cause they are always ready to show you love. Cats only want love when they want love. But they are both really awesome.", "When I was a kid, I didn't like cats because they weren't active enough for me. Dogs run. Cats saunter. ", "LOL, yeah they can take some getting use to. I hear a lot of people tell me this."], "history_conv": [["Hey. I dyed my hair, and bought a nice dress for easterv time..", "Hi, good for you! I just came back from a walk, I love nature.", "Betting outside is nice. I'm going out of town for spring break..", "Nice, I will be working. I am a vet, love working with animals.", "That's cool. I can drive my new car to work. Early 29th bday gift.", "Sweet. What are your hobbies, I paint, I'm an artist. And I love listening to rock music.", "I like fashion. I have blue hair now. I read books.", "What do your parents do? My mother is a nurse at a hospital.", "I mom is a designer. Hence why I love fashion. My dad ran off.", "Sorry to hear that. It was nice chatting with you and getting to know you!", "Same to you. Take care.", "You too. Have a nice day!"], ["Do you ever see any wild animals at your veterinary clinic?", "It's pretty rare. Sometimes people bring in an animal that got hurt. We try to do what we can, but we're not equipped to handle all animals.", "Oh, okay.  That makes sense.  I love animals but I think it must be so hard to do that job when you have to put animals to sleep.  Do you get used to it?", "Usually the animals have lived pretty good lives and their time has come. They are in pain and unhappy most of the time. It is harder for the owner usually.", "Yea, I remember when I had to put my dog to sleep and I can still cry just thinking about it.  Do you have pets?", "Yes, I do. But I try to keep the number down. It's easy for me to add animals to my home. I love them all. Right now I have two dogs and two cats.", "Nice!  Yea I love animals too, but I don't have any at the moment since they're not allowed in my apartment.  One day I'd like to get a dog again though.  What are the names of your pets?", "The dogs are Mutt and Jeff. The cats are Rightside and Leftside. The cat names come from an inside joke in my family. Don't ask me to explain. It would take too long!", "Haha those are definitely interesting names!", "What kind of dog would you like to get? Large breed? Small breed?", "Maybe medium-sized.  I'd like a dog I can run with.  My last dog was a rescued mutt and he was the best, so I'd probably look for another rescue mutt.", "There are many rescues out there that need a good home. Dogs were designed to run. I try to job with my dogs when I have the time."], ["I found a dog online that I might buy, but I am not sure yet! Could I get your opinion?", "All my animals are rescues too. It's so hard when they get older and you lose them. Sorry about your fur baby. In an apartment, there is usually a size limit so I guess a small dog would be good. What kind of breed is the dog you saw online. Sure, I'd love to help with dog advice!", "Thanks... that\u2019s wonderful advise! I don\u2019t know what I was thinking wanting to bring home a yellow lab pup in my tiny apartment lol. I guess I must start my search again. What breeds would be ideal ?", "Some good small breeds are mini poodles, bichon frise's little white fluffy dogs are great too. They are pretty low shed, low maintenance. Welsh Corgi's and Jack Russels are short-haired great little dogs too.", "Great... thanks for pointing me in the right direction. I shall keep you posted with which puppy chooses me :)", "I also recommend rescues for sure. Lots of dogs need homes. Mutts actually tend to have fewer health problems and be healthier. Good luck with finding your next best friend. Dogs bring so much happiness to life.", "So very true.... and I\u2019m leaning toward a rescue for sure! I bet you love your job as a veterinarian woof woof & meows too haha", "I do love my job! I have seen all kinds of things. Some people with poodles do crazy things with their hair, like rainbow dye and painting their nails. Some people also put outfits on their dogs. There is a lot of fashion design for dogs now. It's amazing if you get a dog that doesn't mind it.", "That is \u00fcber cute and crazy at the same time. I think it\u2019s super cool when you make money while doing what you love.... you lucky dog ( pun intended!) ;)"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a sister. I have a 20 year old son.", "I don't believe in God.", "I'm concerned about my health because I'm getting older.", "I love animals.I like to attend rallies to help animals. I am worried my son will be arrested at the rally.", "My son loves animals.  my son is a vegetarian.  I am a vegan.", "I like making a difference.  I do not agree with labs testing on animals."], "partner_persona": ["I'm missing church this sunday to attend a rally at an animal research facility.", "I don't eat meat.", "I have a son called Billy. I can't marry my partner.", "I am participating in a rally to free the lab animals. I have not been arrested at a rally. I have participated in rallies before.  I hate that animals are used in labs.", "I am a vegan.  I feel better after going vegan."], "current_conv": ["I found some amazing vegan recipes I cannot wait to try- I will share them with you if you would like?", "Sure! We vegans need to support each other like that. Gonna have to have a nice hearty meal before the rally. Is your son the reason you went vegan?", "Yes, my son is the reason that I went vegan ", "Aww, he converted you? That always makes cooking easier!", "Yes he did. I was not going to do it but he really wanted me to so I tried it and I loved it. Yes makes cooking a lot easier.", "How did he end up going vegan at such a young age?", "He just never really had an interest in meet. So i never pushed it on him.", "How fascinating. Have you tried any plant-based meat?", "I have tried tofu and it was not to bad. I love vegie burgers though. That's our favorite. Whats your favorite?", "I caved and tried the Beyond Meat products. not bad, but I kind of feel like I'm cheating. So will this be your son's and sister's first rally?", "Yes it will be there first rally. What about yours?", "No, I've been to these types of rallies before. How are you feeling? Think you'll be well enough to join?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! Do you have a family? I have a son and sister.", "I have a son. Trying to get him to recycle. Just won't listen.", "Easier to get him to bicycle, I bet. You going to church sunday?", "Can't there is a rally outside of an animal research facility I am attending. You?", "No, I don't see evidence for a supreme being. What kind of rally?", "Protect the animals. I won't even eat meat. Though I still like cheese.", "Healthier, but not easy. Everyone eats meat at my job..", "Yeah, as a man, I miss meat. But the animals...", "Right. I'm getting at that age where I'm more concerned about my health.", "Until I can marry my goat partner, I will fight the fight. Me and our son, billy.", "Goat partner? You've given up on humans?", "This goat is the greatest of all time."], ["Did you attend the rally at the animal facility?", "Absolutely! I wouldn't have missed that for the world. I can't not stick up for animals being tested on!", "how was it? did it have a good turn out? I always feel so bad for those animals.", "Yes, there were a lot of people there. Probably around a 150, and some had loudspeakers. We had a good time, though the atmosphere was rather charged, obviously", "do you know of any other rallies coming up? I think I'd like to attend one if my health allows.", "No, not that I am aware of, though this rally will keep happening, if you're interested in joining us!", "tell me when and where. I'll try to be there.", "There will be one 3 weeks from now, on a Saturday. You could come spend the night after, since we would be there a while", "sounds good. can I see if my son and sister would like to join?", "Sure but I wouldn't if he's a minor, sometimes those things can get dangerous", "he's 20. he is passionate about animals too.", "Oh okay, well yes we would love to have you all! I have plenty of room for you guys"], ["I talked to my son and sister and they would both like to come to the rallies", "Ok, the rallies are suppose to start at about 8am. This one is to free the lab animals we have about 200 people so far. Hope you can be there.", "I am worried about my son getting arrested. Do you think there will be police presence?", "They show up sometimes, but it is hard to arrest that many people. I haven't been arrest once, but it is something that could happen.", "Well, I think we will take the risk. He loves animals as much as I do! He has been a vegetarian since he was 10. I went vegan a few years ago because of my health and that's when I really realized that animals need us.", "Hopefully we can stop them from using animals. I hate that they do that. We have stopped at least 3 different labs so far.", "That's amazing! Do the labs change their ways after the rallies?", "Yes or close down all together.", "That's incredible. I'm so glad we can make such a difference. There is really no reason to test on animals! So many great brands don't do it anymore!", "Yes it feels great to know what a difference we can make. I love how wonderful it feels to help the animals.", "It is a great side benefit that I am so much healthier since I stopped eating meat. The vegan diet has really healed a lot of my health issues.", "I become a vegan about 2 months after I started doing these rallies. Just couldn't do it anymore. And I do feel so much better."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I speak deutsch.", "I live in Austria and I speak some english.", "I play the flute.", "I like eating schvitzwurst with sour cream and boiled cabbage.", "I am an only child. I'm a librarian.", "I have one dog. I like dogs. I have two dogs. I recently adopted a shelter dog that is a lab/retriever mix.", "I have 3 young children. The 4 of us are bilingual in English and Deutsch."], "partner_persona": ["I speak english.", "I don't play any instruments.", "I like eating burger and fries.", "I have a father who was in the navy. I am an only child.", "I have a border collie dog.I like dogs, particularly huskies. I am not currently considering getting a second dog. I got my first dog when I was 16.", "I don't have any children. I walk my dog every day. There are a lot of children in my neighborhood.", "I am an anxious person. I worry about change. I'd rather not fix what isn't broken.", "I have tried to learn to speak Deutsch in the past and did not succeed."], "current_conv": ["If you are ever interested in having a Deutsch conversation partner, let me know--I'd love to help you if you choose to try again to learn.", "Thank you for the offer.   I think if I had a partner to help me learn I might actually succeed this time.", "Yes, It is a lot easier to learn when you have a partner.", "I took a Deutsch course in college but it didn't go very well.  I think I'd probably learn a language better in a more relaxed, informal setting.", "Yes, this way you are not pressured into leaning it just to make a good grade", "How have your children been trained in both languages?  Have you used both around the house?  And what were they taught in school?", "I have used both languages around the house. I think its important for them to know both. ", "Yes, knowing extra languages, particularly English, is very valuable.  If you could know any other language fluently, with the snap of your fingers, which would it be?", "I think that it would be Spanish because I feel like that is important to know also. Or even sign language I always loved that.", "Yes, I think sign language would be really interesting to know.  I think Mandarin might be a valuable language to know pretty soon, too.", "I think that would be really cool to learn also. I know they all will be  a little hard to learn but neat to know. ", "Yes, I'm very intimidated by any language that doesn't use a familiar alphabet.  That seems like a really big challenge right off the bat."], "history_conv": [["Guten tag! Sprechen sie deutsch?", "No. Do you speak english? Where do you live?", "I am in austria. I speaks some englis. Hallo!", "That's cool! What do you do for fun?", "I play the flute and take care of meine children, daily.", "I don't play and instrument. I have a couple of dogs. Favorite food?", "I like schvitzwurst with sour cream and boiled cabbage.", "That sounds interesting. I prefer my burger with fries.", "Yes, we have burgers! We have an in-n-out in kleinskirch. It has a boat drive-through.", "That's amazing! My father would love that, being in the navy and all.", "I has three children. Has you any sisters or broders?", "I do not. I am and only child. Do you have siblings?", "Not one, only myself. I am a librarian.", "That's a good job. Do you travel much?"], ["What kind of dog do you have?", "He's a mix: corgi, basset hound, and cocker spaniel.  His name is Butterscotch.  Do you have any pets?", "I have a husky named Riley. your dog sounds really cute!", "Yea he's great.  Huskies are awesome! I love dogs.  Is the husky good around your kids?", "I love dogs too. she's awesome with the kids. so protective of them.", "That's great.  Butterscotch is really good with kids too, which is good.  We go for walks around the neighborhood every day and the kids love to stop and pet him.", "have you thought about getting him a friend? I'm considering another dog but not sure if that's too much with the kids and husky already.", "I haven't actually, but my friends just got a second dog and the two dogs are inseparable.  It's really cute seeing them play with each other all of the time.  And they're different breeds, but they get along really well.", "Riley loves to play with other dogs and I think she'd love having a live in best friend. I'm not sure why I'm so on the fence about it.", "Well you're probably pretty busy with the kids.  How old are they? Are they old enough to help out with taking care of the dogs?", "they are 8, 10, and 14. Old enough to help, but need lots of nagging to actually get it done. lol", "Yea I understand.  My mom didn't let me get a dog until I turned 16 because she knew my younger self wouldn't have been all that helpful."], ["And you guessed it, I bit the bullet and got a second dog! I mentioned it to the kids that I was considering it and it was game over, they starting sending me pictures of all of the dogs at the shelter and I just couldn't resist! Her name is Abby and she's a lab/retriever mix!", "Ahaa, how long have you been with her?", "We just picked her up over the weekend. She's adorable. I think you mentioned before that you have a dog - what kind of dog is it?", "I have a Border Collie. He is so charming to be around. A friend was suggesting that I get him fixed, but I am hesitant about that. What do yout hink?", "Well, I think it's up to you, but I heard it's a painless procedure,and the dog doesn't really notice the difference. Do you think you can go ahead with it?", "My worry is the behavioral changes that manifest in him after the procedure. He becomes less aggressive, loses appetite, and generally uninterested in anything.", "Hmm, hadn't heard that about the appetite but I guess that makes sense. I haven't neutered my pets yet.", "It is always due to the hormonal disturbance that occurs, because neutering them deprives them of testosterone, a hormone that is vital for most of their behavior.", "Exactly. I can see why people have it done, but I want to let Nature run her course.", "Exactly, that's why I want to avoid that, and let him stay that way. I'm fine with him. How old are your children? Do they speak deutch like you do?", "My children are 3, 5 and 8. Yes, they also speak deutsch!", "Wow. I find Deutsch to be a very difficult language to learn. I hope I can learn it too some time."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going to Disney World. I love Disney World.", "I have kids. I've been married for 15 years.", "I am 45. I work at a computer company.  I have an associate degree in IT. I used to work in retail. I enjoy working with computers.", "My mom is a dentist, she is sweet.", "I love shopping. I love meeting new people.", "My mom is nice and easy to talk to."], "partner_persona": ["I am going out of town for spring break.", "I just dyed my hair blue.", "I just turned 29. I don't have kids.", "I am in between jobs. My mom gave me a car. I just got a new dress for easter.", "I am looking for a job in order to pay my bills. 've worked in retail and in restaurant settings. I'd like to branch out into the financial sector.", "I'm  social person.", "If I had the money I would go back to school. I'd have to save for a few years before I could seriously consider it.", "I currently don't have a job. I'm struggling with money."], "current_conv": ["My mom said that she was very pleased with your resume.", "Thank you, it was nice of her to look ovr it for me. I need any help I can getting a job.", "I explained your situation to her. I also told her you would like to go to school and study finance. ", "Yes, that's definitely the ultimate goal. But first I have to pay the rent, pay down bills and start saving for online classes. I don't suppose you know of any openings? I'm open to whatever.", "I'll check with my boss at the computer company and let you know what I find out. How's the car holding up you got from your Mom?", "Great! It is a 2009 but it has a lot of life left in it...low mileage, well maintained. It was a real lifesaver. Now I can get to intreviews (and a job eventually) without a problem. My Mom is great, just like yours. I miss talking to her! How is she?", "Glad to hear it. Reliable transportation is always a key point in securing a job. Mom is doing great. She's cut back on her hours some so we can spend more time shopping! ", "Ooh! Shopping! That's another thing I miss, Let me live vicariously through you, have you bought anything cool lately?", "I did. I bought myself some neat outfits for when I go to Disney. They'll come in handy at the parks. Is suppose to be really hot when I go.  ", "It's going to be a roaster of a summer everywhere. What are you looking forward to most about your trip?", "Definitely Epcot! I know I can have a good time there in the evenings when its not so hot. I love the fireworks and all the international foods. ", "Do you like any of the rides?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! How are you today?", "I'm feeling awesome. Ready to get out of town for spring break! You?", "Also ready for vacay. I'm going to disney world, which I love sooo much.", "Cool! I'd go, but with my new blue hair, they'd mistake me for a character :-).", "My kids would probably love your blue hair.", "Just turned 29, but no kids yet. How old are you?", "I'm 45. What do you do? I work at a computer company.", "I'm between jobs. Going on interviews with the car my mom gave me.", "Moms are the best. Mine is so sweet and she's a dentist.", "Do you like clothes? I just got a new dress for easter weekend!", "Yeah! I love shopping. It's my favorite activity. Well, besides meeting new people.", "Have you met anyone interesting lately? Maybe a love interest? ;-).", "I've been married for 15 years hahaha.", "Oh wow! How's that been going for you??", "Great! We are so in love.", "That's sweet :-) gotta go, it was fun chatting!"], ["What type of job are you hoping to get?", "At this point, anything that will pay the bills! I'm kind of desperate.", "You don't have kids, so you just have to support yourself, right? What jobs have you done so far?", "I've worked in retail and in restaurant settings. I'd like to branch out into the financial sector, but I feel like the competition is out of my league.", "You might have to go back to school to get a credential. You could do that part-time or through online courses. Finance is a good industry to get into. It's hard to do restaurant work as you get older.", "With 30 just on the horizon, I totally feel that haha. What's the situation like in the computer industry? Do you know of any entry-level jobs?", "Sure, but it depends on your skill set. Companies are always looking for programming talent, if that's your thing. It takes time to learn to program and it requires a lot of time sitting by yourself. Do you like spending time alone, or are you better with people?", "I'm a pretty social person, so that might be tough. That said, I feel like any of the higher-level professions are largely solitary pursuits.", "Finance can involve a lot of working with clients...sales, presentations. If you're good at communicating, then it could be a good way to go.", "I'll definitely look into it! Would I need an MBA, or just a few courses to get familiar with it?", "An MBA from a good program can help, but you would probably have to borrow money. Career changes are much easier with an MBA. There are one- and two-year programs. Would you want to go back to school?", "If I had the money, I'd be all about it. At this point, I'd have to save for a few years before I could seriously consider it."], ["Oh, by the way, my mom told me that she is looking for assistant. Are you still looking for a job? Cause this is a good chance!", "Yes, I am. That sounds awesome. How do I go about setting up an interview?", "I can send you her contact information. I know it's not the financial sector, but the job pays really well, and they offer tuition assistance for certain programs so you might not even have to wait to go back to school!", "That is great. Yes please send me her contact information. Sounds like it will be awesome job.", "Her number is 555-555-5555. Just shoot her a text and tell her you are interested in the position and you'd like to schedule a meeting. Prepare your resume! I'll put in a good word for you.", "Resume is done. I will send her a text in the morning since it is so late right now. Thank you for this. i really need it. Bills are starting to pile up so hopefully I can get it.", "I hope so too! My mom is super nice and easy to talk to. I know you will do great.", "Thank you. How is your job at the computer company going. I know you have always wanted to work there.", "It's really enjoyable! You know I got an associates degree in IT so I could stop working retail and it's been well worth it. I really enjoy working with computers and I'm not on my feet all day!", "That is great. I am glad you are doing something you enjoy. That makes the job so much better.", "It really does. I hope you can get your education so you can do something you REALLY love and is about more than just paying the bills.", "If I get the job with your mom and it helps me go to school. That will help me get there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 5 dogs and 3 rats.", "I like to read and I'm in college.", "I use coupons at McDonald's.", "I don't have siblings.", "I like walking at sunset.", "I like to paint. I don't usually sell my paintings. I'm interested in art history.", "I like gardens.", "I have a decent memory for Monet's paintings. I am knowledgeable about the art style, Impressionism."], "partner_persona": ["I like to read. I love biographies.", "I like to garden and I like roses and ferns. I have a medium-sized garden.", "I have a sister.", "I work at McDonald's. I don't earn that much at McDonald's.", "I hate horror movies.", "I am an inquisitive person.", "I am not knowledgeable about art history. I like learning about new things. I do not understand the principles of Impressionism."], "current_conv": ["I just finished a still life painting with some roses that I thought you might like to gift to your sister. Would you like to see a picture of it?", "What style is the painting? Realistic? Impressionist? I don't know much about art.", "It's an impressionistic piece, a la Monet. I think your sister would love it. I'd be happy to gift it to her for free. ", "Monet. I *think* I know some stuff he painted. Beautiful landscapes and gardens. And that one with the woman with the umbrella? Again, I really don't know art so much.", "Ah, you're talking about \"Woman with a Parasol - Madame Monet and Her Son\"! It's a wonderful painting. You can use that painting to picture what my rose still-life would be like.", "Gotcha! Rich colors and brimming with emotion. There is a layer there I can't find in reality but the artist makes us aware of it.", "You described it well! Monet's paintings have a bright and dream-like quality to them. I suppose that's part of the reason why they're so aesthetically pleasing.", "An impressionist painting of roses would capture an \"essence\" of flowers seen in the mind but not in a photograph. I can't fathom how artists \"see\" such things.", "I can't quite grasp it either. I'm no Monet myself. I'm only just a serious hobbyist.", "Your pursuit of art will help you appreciate Monet in ways that I can't. Doing art helps you understand it.", "That's a good point. Hey, maybe you should give it a shot yourself! You can paint the roses you planted! How wonderful would that be!?", "I'm worried that I would mortally insult the roses and they would die after seeing my rendition of them! LOL"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I just took my 5 dogs on a walk. Now feeding my 3 rats.", "Wow, you sound pretty busy! I just finished a john grisham book.", "Nice. I read a lot of books too. I'm in college getting my degree.", "Me too, and working at mcdonald's.", "I always use coupons when buying food at mcdonald's.", "That's smart. Do you have any siblings?", "No. So I spend my free time painting. How about you?", "I like to garden. Roses and ferns are my favorite.", "Very nice. I like walks at sunset too. Gives me more ideas for painting.", "I'd love to see your paintings! I need an anniversary gift for my sister.", "I usually don't sell but if it's a gift then I'd be willing to sell. How much?", "Well, mcdonald's doesn't pay too well, but maybe $50.", "For you... 30 then. Don't want you to be broke.", "Awe, thanks! So, do you like horror movies? I hate them!"], ["I've started working on a new painting.", "Cool! What are you painting?", "Currently I'm working on my figure technique, so this is a nude study.", "Oh, that's interesting. I recently read a biography of the famous painter Vincent Van Gogh. When do you find time to paint between college and your five dogs?", "Haha I feel like finding time to paint is like foraging for scraps. Whenever I have a few minutes of free time, I try to discipline myself to get back to the easel. Sometimes I'll paint right before bed, once I've finished everything for the day.", "I'm the same way with reading and gardening when I get really busy. It can be tough, but they're some of my favorite things and it's important to me that I find time for them", "Have you been reading anything interesting lately? I'm always looking for things to add to my list.", "I've been rereading the Harry Potter series which is excellent. And I've been brushing up on my gardening with some non-fiction too. Would you have any recommendations for me?", "I'd recommend The Agony and the Ecstasy, if you haven't already read it. It's about Michelangelo!", "Oh, thank you! Sounds right up my alley, I love biographies. Are you generally interested in art history?", "Yes, I love to learn about the old masters! Developing technique is my big focus these days in my own painting, and I think that there's no better way to learn than to emulate past greats.", "That totally makes sense. I don't have to spend much time emulating the old masters for my work at McDonalds, though, haha. I really enjoy reading classic literature from time to time for similar reasons"], ["Gardens are pretty. Do you have a big garden?", "My garden is not as big as such, but then it is a manageable size that I can weed and cultivate with ease.", "That's good. Are you familiar with Monet's painting 'Le Jardin'?", "Huh, that's new. Enlighten me about that, I'm curious", "Have you heard of Monet before?", "The 45 year old American actress?", "No, the impressionist painter from France.", "No, I have not heard of them before. Did they paint something called 'Le Jardin?'", "You know what, I made a mistake. I was thinking of a painting called Le Pont Japonais, or the Japanese Bridge - but yes, by Monet. Have you heard of Impressionism?", "Looks like today I'm going to learn a lot from you, and I'm glad about that. Enlighten me about that too.", "Haha, well, in Impressionism the subject matter was usually the outdoors, and they painted in a way more to evoke a mood, rather than completely accurately and objectively depict a scene. It emphasized an artist\u2019s manipulation of colour, tone, and texture as ends in themselves.", "Ahaa, I get the picture of what you're actually talking about, only that I didn't know it goes by that name. I have seen several painting that have evoked feelings of nostalgia in me. I guess that's close to impressionism."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 26 years old. I work a lot. I have some debt.", "I like the band Black Sabbath.", "I like eating meat.", "I am a professional athlete.", "I bought tickets to a concert.", "I don't have kids.", "I enjoy piano solos because of the simple and complex parts being put together."], "partner_persona": ["I am a librarian.", "I play the flute.", "I have 3 children under 10.", "My kids enjoy eating meat and fish.", "I live in Germany.  My name translates to 'grown up' in German. My name is Aufgewachsen.", "I go to concerts and borrow recording from the library.", "I enjoy single instrument solos."], "current_conv": ["Hi Aufgewachsen, how have you and your children been? Have you been to any outdoor concerts?", "My children are doing great. We are planning to go to a camping trip soon. I haven't been to any outdoor concerts in the last year because of child responsibilities. I love hanging out with them. ", "That's great to hear they are doing well! Camping is so much fun. I haven't been camping in a few years. ", "Oh, you should start doing it again! With 5 people in my family, including my wife, we want to do something fun but cheap. Camping fits in our budget! My wife would usually prepare the food while I'd pack for my kids' stuff. ", "Sounds like the perfect family outing you all enjoy together! I should plan a camping trip soon! Do you build a fire and roast marshmellows?", "s'mores are like a North America thing, but we do love to roast marshmallows! My eldest daughter will very watching the other two little ones so that they don't get too close to the fire. What is your favorite thing to do during camping?", "She sounds like a very responsible young lady. I love to find good fishing spots nearby. Nothing beats fresh fish for dinner. Do you fish?", "That sounds fun! I don't fish but I would love to learn how to. And yes, I bet you can't get any fish fresher than a freshly caught one. Any tips on how to get started?", "I'm sure you would love it! Start off with a decent rod and fresh worms. The fish will eat them up!", "I'm sure my kids will enjoy it too. Maybe we will incorporate that into our camping trip next time. Thanks for the brilliant idea! We love going to waterfalls as well and get soaked in the water during the summer. There are so many things to do with my kids!", "Anytime, happy to help! I bet the kids love playing in the water, especially when it's hot outside.", "Too bad that where I don't live close to the water. I do not know how to swim. I was determined that when  my kids were born, I'd send them all to swimming lessons. Now they can all play and swim in the water while I just splash water on them. Do you swim?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I am 26 and work way too much!", "Hi! You shouldn't work so hard. Relax with a book!", "I know but I am always thinking about work!", "Its not healthy! As a librarian I could get you some self help books.", "I am in a little debt so maybe some books about that!", "You could also learn an instrument. I play the flute myself.", "I like black sabbath. They are a band.", "My three children love them! Though, being under 10 I shouldn't allow it.", "Thats okay. I really like eating meat. Do your kids all like meat?", "They do. Fish mainly. When I boat to work we try to catch a couple.", "Neat. Where do you live?", "Germany. It is awkward because my name actually means'grown up'here.", "Oh wow. What is your job?", "Librarian. What is your current occupation?", "Professional athlete during the playing season.", "Neat. Well, next time you can call me by my name. Aufgewachsen. Bye!"], ["Hi Aufgewachsen!  I just purchased tickets to a classical music concert.  Since you play the flute, I thought you would be interested.", "A classical music concert? What Black Sabbath tunes are they performing? LOL. I go to concerts from time to time. I usually borrow recordings from the library.", "Just because I like black sabbath doesn't mean I can't appreciate other fine music. LOL", "True. Classical music can be pretty heavy too. Is this your first classical music concert?", "yeah. would you like to join me?", "Probably can't make the flight from Germany at the moment. LOL. Have you ever listened to the pieces that are going to be performed?", "I'm honestly not sure which ones they are performing. I just got the tickets after it was recommended to me by a friend.", "Look into the pieces that they're performing. You can probably find recordings online. Every orchestra and conductor interprets the music their own way.", "Thanks. I'll do that. have you been playing your flute much recently?", "With three kids to chase around the house, it can be hard to find time for the flute. It helps me relax and I wish I could practice more. Sometimes I listen to flute music while I do housework.", "I don't have kids but when I see my nieces and nephews I'm always worn out at the end of their visit. so I can imagine having to do that every day!", "I don't regret having kids but it would be nice to have an extra four hours in the day! The library gives me peace and quiet but of course I can't practice my flute there."], ["Hey Aufgewachsen, I took your advice and looked into the pieces of the performance.  Happy to report that there are a few that have piqued my interest.", "That is wonderful news! I am so filled with joy when my recommendations are well received. Which pieces did you most enjoy?", "I'm interested in hearing them play the piano solos, I love the simplicity and the complex parts of the pieces put together", "I agree. I truly enjoy hearing a single instrument being highlighted in a solo performance. Piano solos are very different than Black Sabbath! I am glad you are broadening your horizons.", "How about you any plans for travel or concerts?", "It is very hard to travel with children and they are too young for concerts. They find them dull. Enjoy your childless life! Children are wonderful but before you have them you can have so many adventures.", "I bet outdoor concerts would be enjoyable for both you and your children but I certainly understand it would be a chore.", "Yes we do enjoy concerts in the park! They run around and play while we picnic and listen to the music. It is a good compromise for both. A formal performance in a concert hall is not for them, though!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a grandfather. I have five grandchildren.", "I like mediterranean food.", "I hate cheese. I like being at the beach. I like outdoors in fall.", "I love music. I like Styx and Journey.", "I enjoy the fantasy genre.", "I see my grandchildren frequently. I provide daycare for my grandchildren. I have more than one child. I make an effort to create special memories with my grandchildren.", " My wife is living. I own a set of tools and am handy with them.", "I enjoy celebrating milestones with my grandchildren."], "partner_persona": ["I am single. I am male. I don't have children. I have no experience with kids. I wish I had children.", "I like food with cheese.", "I love the outdoors. I like to read outside. I like science fiction and fantasy books. Books help me to escape reality.", "I prefer a book over music.", "I don't have a favorite band.", "I haven't had success with dating apps."], "current_conv": ["Since you like reading so much and dating apps have been a bust, have you thought about joining a book club? You might meet someone there!", "I've never thought about that. That's a great idea!", "I am sure you can find some good clubs out there. It doesn't hurt to try. Even if you don't find someone to date you can make lots of new friends.", "Thanks so much for the advice! Even if I don't meet someone, I'd love to find out some new ideas for books. I'm kind of at a loss of what to read next. ", "Yes, you might find books you never thought you would read. I might join myself.", "You could bring your grandchildren. I'm sure that they'd love spending some time in the kid's department of the library!", "I am sure they would. They love to read also. I taught them to start reading at a young age.", "That's great! You give them such a head start that way.", "Yes, I would watch them while their parents were at work and I wanted them to love to read just like I got their mom loving how to read.", "That's such a valuable gift to give them. I never knew my grandparents, so it's wonderful that they have you. You have given them memories that will be so valuable to them.", "Yes, I tried. I know that I wanted to keep reading going in the family. I am just glad I could help.", "Plus I'm sure that you had a lot more time to spend with them than you had to spend with your own kids. I'm guessing that's one of the best parts of being a grandparent."], "history_conv": [["I am a proud grandpa with five grandchildren.", "I am a single male with no children.", "What's your favorite food? Mine is mediterranean.", "Mine is anything with cheese?", "Cool, but I hate cheese.... I would rather be at the beach enjoying the sun.", "I love the outdoors too! I usually go outside and read though.", "Mostly I am outdoors in fall. It's my favorite.", "How is it like having grand children? I have no experience with kids.", "It's wonderful and engaging..", "I wish I had children. But I am not in a relationship.", "You will soon be god willing. Do you love music?", "I rather read a book than listen to music. What about you?", "I am an avid music lover. Styx and journey are my favorite bands.", "I don't really have favorite band. I just casually listen anything."], ["Have you ever tried finding a partner on a dating app?", "I have and it always ends in the worst date. I guess at least I have some good stories from it.", "Haha... it works for some but here\u2019s the thing if you keep at it and finally get lucky, it\u2019ll have been worth all the detours ;)", "Very true. I wish there was an easier way to meet people though. there has to be and I just haven't found it yet.", "Well good luck with finding your perfect match! Sometimes it happens when we give up trying :) By the what genre of books are you into?", "I really like science fiction. Like post apocalyptic type stuff. or fantasy.", "Cool... I\u2019m trying to get back into the reading habit.", "I love getting lost in a good book. It's nice to escape reality sometimes.", "So true... music does that for me! I used to read a lot when I was a teenager but then other things took precedence but now I\u2019m feeling called to get back to it. I\u2019m going to start by reading to my grandkids lol", "That's a great idea. reading to children is very important. and it's great bonding.", "You bet! You said you have no experience with kids but I tell ya the experience comes by itself when you have kids and then by the time the grandkids come you are a pro", "I hope I get to to have that experience some day. Hopefully in the next few years."], ["Finally got myself back into the reading habit by starting to read to my grandkids!", "Oh cool! What kind of books are you reading them?", "We have started reading the Harry Potter series. We are on the 1st book right now almost done. They love it so far. They want to want to watch the movies after each book.", "I like the Harry Potter series. I read the books at first before seeing the movies as well. How long does it take you to get through a book?", "We have been reading this one for about a week. I'm sure we could finish it in a day, but one of them has trouble sitting still for more then about an hour. So we have to get up and move around.", "Oh ok. I bet it would be difficult to get some kids to sit still. Have you been getting the books from the library or have you bought them?", "We brought them as a set to read to the grandkids. We take care of them while their parents are at work. My oldest was reading them, but I made it into something I could do with them. And they love it.", "Oh thats awesome! What else do you like to do with your grandkids?", "I like to build things and they love being able to help. We are making a secret gift for grandma right now.", "That sounds really fun! Have you been to any concerts lately?", "No, it has been awhile. We do have one coming up in town in a few months. Just waiting for the tickets to go on sale. My oldest granddaughter asked if we could go. So wife and I will be taking her as a birthday gift.", "Fantastic! That will be a great birthday gift!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to visit places with graffiti.", "I do not sing. I have 3 tattoos. I love to get tattoos and want to get another one.", "I do not own a car.", "I am not a vegetarian.", "My favorite show to watch on tv is Friends.", "I have a job.", "My birthday is in a few months.", "I am interested in getting tattooed. I am indecisive about the tattoo I want to get. I do not know any celebrities.", "I was very excited to interview Ozzy Osborne for the biography I am writing."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like to visit places with graffiti. I am in debt and work all the time. I love listening to Black Sabbath.", "I do not have any tattoos. I want to get a pig tattoo.", "I love to eat meat. I love to eat ribs. I like pork products.", "I like to watch western TV shows. I do not like the tv show, Friends. I am 26 years old.", "I am a writer and a teacher. I like to write. I'm writing a Black Sabbath biography. I like the music genre, metal, such as the band Black Sabbath.", "Interviewing celebrities is not a routine event for me."], "current_conv": ["I took your suggestion and looked up some designs of the deer skull with flowers and I liked what I saw. I think it's the perfect combination of the two designs I couldn't decide between.", "Yeah you have to try once. I wish you will like that one", "Try what? I already have 3 tattoos! When are you going to get that pig tattoo?", "I would like to have a big tattoo soon. Expect within a month I will get. Have you any idea for creative tattoos ", "You should definitely get something related to Black Sabbath! Maybe a tattoo to celebrate finishing the biography?", "Good idea. I will get the best one regarding this. I will look at a glace on variety of tattoos. Have you like to get one more tattoo?", "I would like tons more tattoos! I just have to make sure I get good ideas.", "That's great. I wish you all your wish comes true. Tell e short about your favorite show", "Friends? I think it's hilarious. Why don't you like it?", "I don't think so. Am not much interested to watch that show. There is no particular reason", "Well you should give it a shot! Reruns are on all the time. It's so funny.", "Yeah. Much glad to talk to you. Take care"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I like to visit new places that have cool graffiti. How about you?", "Nah... I am in debt, a workaholic and love listening to black sabbath. You sing?", "I do not sing. I do have 3 tattoos. Do you have any?", "No. I love ribs so a pig tatoo might be order. Are you an artist?", "I'm not. I don't own a car so it's hard to get supplies.", "I bet you are a dancer and a vegetarian. I love meat. You?", "I'm not! My mom use to own a coffee shop that did not sell meat though.", "Any suggestions to get me out of debt? Did she sell pies?", "She did and other goodies. I love to watch friends on tv. My favorite. Yours?", "Gunsmoke westerns. I am only 26 but I love old westerns. Any hobbies?", "If you can call getting tatts a hobby! I want another one.", "Great! So you; have tatoos, love friends and no car. Interesting. You work?", "Yes of course! Do you?", "Yes. I teach, eat meat, love black sabbath music. I also write books. You write?"], ["Did you decide what kind of tattoo you want to get?", "I'm thinking I'm going to go for what I was originally thinking and getting a pig tattoo.  I'm not sure where I'd like to put it though.  Where are your tattoos?", "Two are in public places, and one is in a private place. I got one on my ankle and one on my wrist. A pig tattoo? What is the significance? Black Sabbath and War Pigs?", "Yes, you got it! It's also a little nod to my favorite food.  Did the ankle tattoo hurt much? That seems like a nice place for  tattoo.", "It's small and discrete. It was the first one that I got and I wanted to give tattoos a test-drive. It didn't hurt much.", "I mean I'm sure they all hurt a bit but I hear once you get one it becomes quite addicting! Do you know what you'll get for you next one?", "Probably on my birthday, which isn't for a few months. A tattoo is a good way to record something that happened during the year or something that I want to happen.", "Plenty of time to think of something good! How is work going?", "It pays just enough to keep me going. It doesn't change much from day to day, but my co-workers are pretty cool. What are you? You're a writer and a teacher? Just like Stephen King!", "Teaching is my day job and I write whenever I'm not teaching..always trying to chase that next paycheck. I LOVE Stephen King and hope I can have a similar success story one day.  Although I'm starting with a Black Sabbath biography that I'm hoping to get published.  One step closer to my dream of meeting Ozzy!", "Read King's book \"On Writing.\" Solid advice on the craft and the business. Ozzy seems to be an unusual guy. Scientists can figure out how Ozzy is still alive after the abuse his body has taken.", "Thanks, I'll check it out for sure.  I didn't know he wrote non-fiction and I'm sure this will be helpful as I continue to write.  Hey - did you see the trailer for the Friends reboot? Bet you can't wait for that!"], ["I just got the new Friends box set!", "Cool... I don't really like that kinda thing. I'm more into Black Sabbath and metal music.", "Oh yeah, how is the Black Sabbath biography you are writing coming along?", "Super well thanks. I managed to get an interview with Ozzy Osborne.", "Oh wow! That's so cool! How were you able to get a hold of him? It must have been an interesting interview!", "A friend of a friend has some good contacts. Yeah he's a pretty wild guy! Do you now any celebs?", "I can't say that I do, unfortunately. I would love to talk with Ozzy about our tattoos haha. Have you ever interviewed anyone else famous for your writing?", "This is the first so it was pretty exciting. Do you have", "Yes, I'm sure it was! I'm sorry, can you repeat your question again? I think you were going to ask me something.", "Sorry dude! Do you have a design picked out for your new tattoo?", "No problem! I have not decided yet between a floral design or a skull. What do you think I should do?", "I've seen some cool designs with deer skulls and floral designs in the background. That would look cool. Where are you planning on getting it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a stay at home mum. I love going to church. I have twins. I have daughters.", "I enjoy playing tennis.", "My family lives in Sweden. I am from Sweden. I don't see my family very often.", "I like all sorts of foods.", "I am planning a birthday party for my twins next week. I feel stressed. My twins are young children. I have siblings who live nearby and who I see regularly.", "I cook without gluten due to my twin's intolerance. I have to spend extra effort shopping due to my twins' diet. I am experimenting with new recipes.", "I enjoy riding bikes.", "I am an avid tennis player. I respect the individuality of my children.", "I come from a musical family. I like to go fishing with my family."], "partner_persona": ["I like to ride my bike.", "I love computer work.", "I like to read and listen to music.", "I eat plants and meat. I cook primarily simple meat dishes such as burgers.", "I like to spend nights with my family.", "I have two children. I have a son. I have a daughter. I have a sibling. My sibling has a son.", "I ride a bike regularly.", "I am not interested in fishing. I am not musical but I wish I was."], "current_conv": ["The party was a huge success! I was able to find one of those butterfly garden kits, too. Thank you for the suggestion.", "Of course! I am always glad to be of help! The butterfly garden kits are amazing aren't they?!", "Yes, they're really fantastic.  My kids are now absolutely obsessed with butterflies.  ", "My children were fascinated watching them grow but when I tell you they CONSTANTLY asked daily when theyd be butterflies I was ready to lose my mind!", "Yes, I can certainly imagine!  I can tell they're already getting a little impatient.  All the butterflies they saw at the party made them go a little crazy and I'm hoping it cools off a bit, though I do always enjoy it when they find joy and interest in something, and want to nurture that.", "Yes, I absolutely agree. It's hard to remember being so young and curious and fascinated by the world. It's a trait I wish I still carried as strongly as children do! How old did you say your twins were again?A", "They just turned three.  I'm already feeling a little anxious about how quickly time seems to pass with them.  It feels like they were just babies a short while ago.", "Three is a fun age, but I agree one hundred percent! I feel like it's the age between baby and child and for myself it was the hardest! Do you want to have more children in the future? I don't mean to be blunt in asking, I was just curious as I know I would love to but my husband said no due to my difficult pregnancies. I know everyone is different as well and I dont know how conception and such was for you but I was just curious!", "We have just started thinking about whether we want more.  As infants, especially with two of them, it was such a whirlwind that we didn't really look into the future all that much.  Now that we're getting our heads above water a little we're starting to consider it.  I think I'd like to have at least one more but of course it's not a simple decision.", "I get it completely! I always pictured having a big family with a lot of babies, but I guess it's just not in the cards for me at all. There's always adoption, but I feel like it would be a struggle adapting for my children if we chose the foster then adopt option because those children in the system NEED families, and I always get scared that mine could be the wrong family for them which would be devastating. Do your girls do any fun activities or sports? I was thinking about looking for some this summer for my two kiddos!", "I haven't gotten mine into anything organized quite yet.  I'm exposing them to different activities informally and seeing if they take to them.  There's a little dance school nearby that takes children as young as two.  I'd never heard of that before but was thinking it might be something they enjoyed.  But when I showed them dancing and talked to them about it they weren't interested at all!  So I dropped the idea for now.", "Yeah, my worry is the pricing, it's so expensive to enroll them in something while they're this age because if I drop a thousand dollars on sports and they hate it 3 weeks later, I don't want them to feel forced into something they don't like. I like the way you showed the girls to see their response!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, let's get to know each other. Hobbies? Job? Etc?", "I love to ride my bike and you?", "I'm a sahm, love going to church every sunday and taking care of my twins..", "That is cool. I love computer work and what do you do?", "I'm a stay-at-home mom that enjoys playing tennis when I can..", "Cool I liove to read whan I am at home and listen to music.", "That's nice! I like to visit my family in sweden as I'm from there.", "Sweden is so cool. I eat plant and meats what do you like?", "I like all sorts of food. What else do you like or do?", "I like to spend nights with my family.", "I enjoy that too, even though I don't see them as much.", "That is sad. I hope you get to see them more oftem."], ["It's my twins birthday next week, I'm planning a big party for them, it's getting a bit stressful!", "I can imagine how stressful that could be! What are you planning for the party? A theme event?", "No, they are young yet so I thought I would just have my siblings over, and we can take photos of them messing with their cake. When they see the photo's as adults they might recall their earlier days.", "Definitely, that sounds lke a good plan. I think it'll be a lot of fun! What kind of cake are you going with?", "It is a bit of a challenge since the twins are gluten free, when I use smelt flout I have to do spice cake because the texture is off. Do you ever use the ancient grains in preparing your meat dishes?", "I really don't. Seems like that would be quite complicated. I just stick to basics when preparing my meat dishes. Burgers for days!", "They sound tasty! Until the young ones got off gluten they were not growing properly so I had to adapt. There are so many products available these days that I can find them in stores much more easily than my grandparents ever could have.", "I have heard many people are going gluten free these days. Do you stay off gluten? If so are you seeing benefits?"], ["It's been a lot of work to prepare, but think I'm ready for the big party!", "How exciting!  Is there a theme for the party?", "Yes there is. We are going to do an outdoor party and go to a butterfly place where the butterflies are everywhere. The girls love flowers and butterflies.", "Very nice!  Have you ever done one of those butterfly garden kits with them? I recently did one for my son and nephew, but the whole family ended up enjoying it.", "No, that is a great idea though! Gardening is a great thing to teach kids about. The hardest thing about planning this party was figuring out gluten free cake. It was doable though. So, what kind of bike riding do you do?", "There is a greenway near my house, so I generally ride there.  Nothing too strenuous.  Sometimes I like to change it up and drive to a local park. Do you ever ride?", "Oh, yes. There are a couple lakes nearby with paths, so that requires an offroad bike, then there is a canal with a ice paved path where I rid my 10-speed. Sometimes, I put the twins in a little trailer I pull with my bike. Fun. When they are older, I'll definitely teach them to ride.", "And will you teach them to place tennis?", "It would be great if they are interested in tennis. I will try to teach them if they are. It's interesting how kids have different personalities. Some are sporty. Some aren't. One of the girls like art a lot. The other loves to run. I am thinking thought they are twins, they are different.", "I know what you mean.  One of my children loves to run and moutain bike, but one of them can't stand either.  She would prefer to read.", "I think I will encourage whatever they are into. Just get them to try different things. A lot of my family also likes to play music also, from guitar, to cello, trumpet, many instruments. I will see if they like any. We love to go fishing too.", "I tried fishing a few times as a kid, but I never could get into it.  I wish I had musical talent though, and I would love for my kids to have that opportunity. Do you play an instrument?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love being with the marching band in fall. I don't work. I am busy with concert band and marching band.", "I am in high school. I have a lot of homework. I like band. I am a girl.", "I have teachers for parents. I love English class. I am working on an English homework project.", "I'm traveling with my parents this summer. I haven't been to Mexico. I am traveling to Mexico."], "partner_persona": ["I am from Mexico.", "I like karaoke with friends.", "I have two girls. I have English majors for daughters. My children love study groups. My favorite subject in school was English.", "I have a construction company.", "I live in Mexico. I graduated from some type of school.", "I started a construction company."], "current_conv": ["The English project turned out to be really fun. I think you would have enjoyed it.", "Oh? What was the project about?", "It was about cooking shows. ", "Okay. Can you be more specific? Not sure I ever had English homework about cooking shows.", "We had to watch cooking shows and find our favorite meal that they made. We had to make the meal and talk about how hard, expensive it was", "Oh, how interesting! Did you choose something with a Mexican theme in anticipation of your upcoming trip?", "Yes I did. I make chicken nachos. They was really good to.", "Ooh, sounds tasty. How's your Spanish? \"Pollo\" is \"chicken\" in Spanish. ", "It was really yummy I put the chicken in the crockpot. I do not know much Spanish but that is neat to know. ", "How is concert band going? That's during the spring, right?", "No it is in the Fall. I love doing it though and practicing all the time.", "Wow: marching band and concert band at the same time? Yes, you definitely don't want to get rusty."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Nice to chat with you tonight. Tell me about yourself.", "Hello! Well, I'm originally from mexico. What about you?", "I love to spend my time with the marching band in the fall.", "Cool. I like to karaoke with my friends.", "How fun! I have a lot of homework in highschool so band keeps me occupied.", "I have two girls, so I must be older than you.", "That's cool! I can relate- I'm a girl myself!", "So, do you work? I have a construction company.", "I don't work yet, concert band and marching band take up my time.", "Oh yeah. So, is there anything else you can tell me?", "Well, my mom and dad are teachers. I also love english class. You?", "My two daughters are both english majors..", "Wow, that's awesome! English is my favorite subject so that's really cool to me!", "You should come karaoke with us sometime!"], ["Is your construction company busy this season?", "yes! even with the high lumber prices we are booked all summer. do you have summer plans?", "That's great . My parents haven't decided what we're doing this summer. I hope we go somewhere hot.", "it is definitely hot in Mexico! have you been to mexico before", "I know. I haven't been. I would really love to go. But for now i can only dream", "there are nice tourist attractions on the east coast of mexico hopefully you get to go one day", "One day i hope. All this talk about summer holidays and I've almost forgotten I've got a  big English homework project to  hand in soon.", "what is the assignment about? english was my favorite subject in school", "It's about the different modifications of English spoken around the world. Have your girls done anything similar?", "yes as a matter of fact they have.. they are currently studying for the test on that unit", "That's great. I would love to study with them and gain from their knowledge. Is this ok with you?", "of course! they love to do study groups!"], ["I enjoyed studying English with your daughters. It was very helpful.", "My daughters enjoy English. How long have you taught English?", "I don't teach English - I just study it! What makes English your favorite subject?", "I enjoy learning new words. Where are you traveling to this summer?", "I am going to Mexico - I have never been there before! Where would you recommend?", "I would recommend Cozumel. It is a beautiful place to visit.", "That sounds amazing! How long did you live in Mexico?", "I have lived in Mexico all my life. Raised my family and have worked every day since I graduated.", "Your daughters must be so grateful. Did you start your construction company as soon as you graduated?", "Yes. I have had my construction company for many many years. It provides a good living for my family. How is marching band going for you?", "It's so much fun! I have a big English homework project at the moment so I haven't had much time to practice unfortunately", "Oh my goodness sometimes homework has to take the front seat to extra curricular activities."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to go for walks in nearby parks and relax.", "I like to draw nearby landscapes, like when I see see others fishing in the sunset.", "I am an English teacher at a college.", "I help out at homeless shelters during the daytime.", "I am not very adventurous. I love walking on the beach.", "My favorite film is Dark Knight.", "I have never had any major surgeries or illnesses. I have had stitches before.", "I like hiking.", "I have two golden retrievers.  I love taking my dogs for walks at the park. My dog's names are Honey and Buddy.", "I'm scared of being on the water. I don't get sea sick.  I'm scared of the ocean and ocean creatures.", "I'm scared of oceans and deep lakes.  I like pools.  I like to sit on a beach."], "partner_persona": ["I am adventurous. I like to go fishing or spend time at the beach. I fish more often on the lake than the ocean. I enjoy ocean sailing. My diet includes a lot of fish.", "I love listening to Sublime at the beach.", "I am a doctor's assistant during the daytime.", "My favorite films are the Die Hard series.", "I have a family.  I like grilling fish.", "I love dogs.  I'm saving money to buy a boat. I hope to buy a boat in a few months.", "I had a golden retriever as a child.", "I know how to sail.  I took sailing lessons as a child."], "current_conv": ["Are you any closer to deciding on what type of boat you are going to buy?", "I'm getting closer. I have to do more research though. But you don't want to talk about water do you? How are your dogs doing?", "I don't mind talking about it. Not getting on your boat. But talking is fine. The dogs have been enjoying the parks a lot lately. ", "How old are Honey and Buddy? I miss my golden retriever. ", "Honey tried to run away last week, but came back after realizing it wasn't fun out there on the streets. You thinking of getting a new retriever?", "It would be hard to have a dog on a boat unless they really like the water, so I'm not sure. Glad to know Honey is home safe and sound.", "My aunt's golden retriver loved the water! A boat buddy would be great.", "It really would be fun to have a buddy on a boat. I'll have to look around and see if there are any available in the area.", "If you found an older dog they might be able to say if they like the water already. Check the shelters!", "That's a great idea! Do you have any other suggestions on where to find older dogs?", "My aunt got hers from a shelter. But Retrievers are popular so might need to get on the wait list first.", "I bet I could track down a retriever only saving place. It's good to know just what kind of dog I'm looking for. If only I could decide on a boat."], "history_conv": [["Hello!", "I am an adventurous guy. Ocean sailing is my favorite.", "That's nice. I just like to walk in parks nearby and chill.", "I am also into fishing. Hence I have a lot of fish in my diet.", "I like to draw the landscapes nearby, like when I see others fishing in the sunset.", "Wow.. That's cool. At the beach I love listening to sublime.", "May I ask what your occupation is? I am an english teacher at a college.", "I am a doctor's assistant during daytime.", "During the daytime I help out at homeless shelters.", "You have a big heart.", "Thank you. My life isn't as adventurous as yours though.", "Yes I am crazy about adventures. Your mind becomes so free.", "What's your favorite film by the way? Mine is the dark knight.", "Mine is die hard series."], ["You said you were a doctor's assistant during the day.  Have you seen or heard about any interesting medical cases lately?", "Yes, we've had a lot of interesting medical cases. Most of them involve disgruntled patients.", "I'm sure a lot of them are disgruntled; it's probably hard to be your best when you're sick or injured. I've never had any major surgeries or illnessess, but I did have stitches before and I feel terrible for my doctor. I was probably not the best patient at all.", "I totally agree. People become frustrated and have their own personal issues they are dealing with that we never see. I'm sure you've probably had your own fair share of people problems.", "That's true; although, I think I have it easier teaching at a college than other teachers do. I don't have to deal with my student's parents and I feel like they care more because they're paying for the class.", "That's great to hear. I really enjoy my job as well despite the odd bad days. However, I really enjoy personal activities where I can really focus myself away from the world.", "I remember you mentioning that you were a doctor's assistant during the day; do you have a night job? Or are your nights reserved for your hobbies?", "No night job. I actually get off of work rather early at 4:00 PM. It gives me a lot of time to pursue my own hobbies. Sometimes I'll take the afternoon to go out fishing or spend time at the beach.", "Do you usually fish off the dock? Or do you go out on a boat? I love walking on the beach, but going out on the water makes me a nervous.", "It's easier off the dock. With fishing, I like sitting down and taking in nature slowly. I totally get what you mean. I really like ocean sailing as it satisfies my adrenaline needs, but if I wanted to relax I'd probably also avoid the water as well.", "What kind of fish do you usually catch? Any favorite recipes for them?", "It depends on where you fish. Since I've been lake fishing more often, I catch a lot of fresh water trout. I really like making catfish, but I can only catch those in warmer weather."], ["How have you been? Have you gone to the beach or gone fishing lately?", "Yes, I went last weekend and caught a huge carp. I took it home to grill for the family. Have you been anywhere recently?", "Yes, I have been hiking at a nearby nature preserve, I brought my dogs with me. It was very relaxing! Do you have a fishing boat?", "What breed of dog do you have? I love dogs. I'm saving up to buy one cause I love sailing.", "I have two golden retrievers, they love going to the park and for walks. So do you plan to get a sailboat then?", "Aww cute, what are their names? I had a golden retriever as a child. Yes hopefully in the next few months, I'll invite you along for a sailing trip if you want?", "Their names are Honey and Buddy. I might have to pass on your offer, I love going to the beach but I am scared of being on the water. Will you have to take sailing lessons or do you already know how to sail?", "I'm pretty experienced at sailing, I had lessons as a child. Do you get sea sick? I'll get you a life jacket and you'll be fine haha!", "I don't get too sea sick, I'm more worried about how scary the ocean can be and the creatures that are in it!", "But the ocean is so beautiful. Is it just the ocean that scares you? Do you enjoy swimming in a pool?", "Oceans and deep lakes scare me. I am fine with pools, I actually prefer them if I am going to be swimming but if I am just looking to relax, I like to sit on a beach.", "I love listening to music at the beach. What music are you into?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have two moms. I like spending time with them.", "I love rock music.", "I think Jello is a good food.", "I get sick from crab. My mom is a nurse.", "I went to college and did well. I studied music in college. I have blonde hair. I am in a band. I am no longer in school. I play guitar and sing in an alternative rock band. I am interested in possibly purchasing songs for my band.", "I don't plan on getting married young after seeing my parent's divorce. I live near one of them and see the other occasionally as well.", "I am going to a concert soon.", "I like alt rock and I don't like pop music."], "partner_persona": ["I am a college student studying marketing , and will be finishing soon.. I am athletic.", "I spend more time studying than listening to music.", "My favorite type of food is seafood and I like crab.", "My parents went through a bitter divorce.", "I love music and listen to a wide variety. I wish I knew how to play guitar. I have written some songs. I would consider selling my songs, but have no knowledge of how to go about it.", "I am very busy and don't have a lot of free time. I have been working on the project for three weeks.", "I don't have many student loans. I am apprehensive about finding work after finishing my degree."], "current_conv": ["Would you be interested in taking some guitar lessons when you have free time? I am trying to start teaching!", "Yes, that would be awesome. I would love to help you get into teaching other.", "Thanks a lot. I will reach you soon to learn. So many cuts do you know", "I don't know really anything about playing. Just something I always wanted to learn.", "Oh that's nice. Have you been a played for state level sports", "Yeah, I was able to get a scholarship with football. Gotta keep my grades up so that I can stay in school.", "Nice. I wish you will reach high level one day. I wish you the best luck. I like to watch sports.", "You can teach me guitar and I'll get you free tickets when I get into the NFL", "That' a great deal . I will sure you teach you guitar.", "Thank you. Hopefully I can get into the NFL right after college.", "Thank you so much. Nice to talk to you", "It was nice talking to you also."], "history_conv": [["Hello and how are you?", "Hi, I am well! Tell me about yourself.", "I love spending time with my moms I have 2. And you?", "I'm a college student studying marketing. I'm also athletic.", "That is cool. Do you like rock? I love that music.", "Honestly, I spend more time studying than listening to music.", "What do you like to eat? Jello is good.", "Mmm, seafood is my favorite! I love crab.", "Yummy but crab makes me sick it good that my mom is a nurse.", "Nice to have one in the family - good money too I bet!", "Yes they but me through college and I did good.", "What did you go to college for?", "Music. I am in a band caked blond because thats the color of our hair.", "Fun! Well let me know if you ever need help designing ads for your band."], ["How the studying was going?", "Its going pretty well, although I am past ready for school to be over!  I'm ready to move on.  How awesome that you're in a band!  What kind of music do you play?", "Yeah I'm glad I'm not in school anymore. We play alternative rock. I play guitar and sing some.", "That's great.  I hope I am able to get a job in my field after I graduate, but I figure with marketing it should be fairly easy.  So do you live near your moms?", "I live near one of them. They got divorced a while back unfortunately. But I see the other one once in a while so all good.", "Divorce is hard, but that is really good that you are able to see both of them.  My parents are also divorced, but it was a bit bitter.  So that makes it difficult.", "Yeah. I think I'm going to hold off on getting married for a while. People grow apart more easily when they're younger. So when you do listen to music what do you like?", "Honestly, it depends on the day.  One day I may be listening to top 40, the next day country, and the next day Nirvana...lol.  I love all music.  I wanted to learn to play guitar, but never did.  I regret it because I have written some songs and would love to be able to play them.", "Wow, you should sell them. I'd be happy to take a look at them. My band is always looking for new material.", "I've thought about it, but have no idea how to even go about selling them.  I'm pretty clueless in regard to industry stuff.  That would be awesome if you could look them over.", "As for guitar, I love it but it does take a lot of practice so make sure you have time before you spend a bunch of money.", "Yes, it does look time consuming...and that is something I don't have much of now with school and all.  So do you play gigs very often?"], ["I have a big concert coming up in your area!", "Really? When?  Maybe we could meet up.", "That would be great!!! It's the first weekend, next month.  I would have let you know sooner, but I kept putting it off.  Hopefully you are free that weekend.", "Darn.  I wish I was, but I basically have group meetings all weekend for this big marketing project we are working on. Maybe next time.", "Dang, well hopefully the next time I am around your area, I will let you know. How long have you been working on the project", "We have been working on it for about three weeks.  This weekend is the final push to complete it before we have to present it next week. Did you have to do much group work when you were in college?", "for some classes, we had to do a lot of assemble for music but I think that is a little different from what you are doing. Music degree is pretty worthless but that is how I roll in life lol", "LOL !  It sounds like you are doing pretty well though.  Regular concerts and all.", "that's true but I think if I had more confidence, I could have done it without a degree.  The degree is somewhat more buy's remorse especially dealing with all the those loans", "Right.  I can definitely see where you are coming from there.  Luckily I have pretty small lows, but it does make me nervous about my job prospects.", "do you have any new bands you've been listening to.  I stick mostly to alt rock, but I am trying to broaden my taste.  Not a big fan of pop, unless it's really good.", "Nope.  I pretty much have just had my head in the books.  Who is your favorite alt rock band?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm studying marketing. I am in school. I am thinking about becoming an entrepreneur.", "I don't have a job and I'm a designer.", "I don't have any pets and I'm play baseball. I do baseball training.", "I'm learning Spanish and French. i don't know any italian.", "I am deciding between attending a local community college or online classes through Capella or University of of Maryland Global campus.", "I have taken over 120 credits in art and design. I have met people at school.", "I will be a half time student. I teach baseball to kids.", "I visited Myrtle beach, SC."], "partner_persona": ["I had a job and I'm a freelance entrepreneur now. I didn't like my old job.", "I like to surf and I live near ocean.", "I know Italian. I have studied in Italy.", "I have a dog named athena.", "I would like to go to a baseball game."], "current_conv": ["Have you been able to find any work?", "I've put my application out there to several places, now I am just waiting to see what they say. I freelance so I have things to do at least. ", "What is it like being a freelancer? Do you like it?", "I love being able to set my own hours. I don't like not having a reliable paycheck. But I am a hard worker so I find that I get by. It's definitely not an easy 'job', but if you are willing to put the time in - it can be profitable.", "That's what I've heard from entrepreneurs too. It can be really stressful in the beginning and most people don't recommend trying to do it full time right off the bat.", "I eased my way into it, spend a lot of time networking and building up my 'brand', now I have a good selection of clients who keep coming back. I think that's the hardest thing to start with.", "How did you build your brand?", "I started small, marketting it to friends/family. Those people started talking with their friends. I built a website and it just grew from there. Now I attend conferences and fairs and expos.", "Wow! That's amazing! Are you putting in applications now, because you want more stability?", "I'd like to keep my options open. I am getting older and it might be nice to not have to think so much or be responsible for so much.", "Ah that's interesting perspective. For some reason, I always thought that being a freelancer or entrepreneur gave you more freedom, but I'm realizing now that it is a lot of responsibility.", "It does give you freedom, you can make your own hours and rules and decide how to run your buisness. But it's not easy and I find I work a LOT of hours to make sure I have a viable living/product/brand."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am in college for marketing. What do you do?", "Hi. Right now an entrepreneur, freelance. I was an accountant before.", "Cool, did you not like being an accountant?", "Not really, I am ready for a new life, new career. Do you have a job?", "No, but I am hoping to design ads one day!", "Nice. Any pets? I have a dog, he is my best friend..", "No pets because I am in school! I play baseball when I can.", "Nice, I love surfing and I live right next to the ocean. Any other hobbies?", "I have been working on learning spanish, I know french too.", "Sweet, I know some italian, but that's it.", "Cool, where did you learn it?", "Abroad actually, went to study abroad for two semesters, rome.", "I have heard that is amazing way to learn a language!", "The best. It was nice chatting with you! Good luck with school!"], ["How's life treating you as an entrepreneur?", "its going really well. i never imagined leaving my former job would be so freeing! how is school going?", "I am happy for you. School is going great but i can't wait to finish and start earning a living. How's your dog ? what's his name?", "how long till you graduate? her name is athena shes doing great. snoring right now", "Ooh I thought he was a boy. My mistake. Love the name Athena. I finish next year. I'm off to baseball training soon.", "good luck at training!! i am going to go surfing soon", "You should come to one of my games. I am sure you'll enjoy it. What do you think?", "yes id love to! when is the next game", "I have a game next week. i hope it's not too short notice. My new coach is half Italian. Maybe you can teach me a few words to impress him. LOL"], ["I am thinking about taking entrepreneur classes next semester", "That's good! You can never have too much of an education. Have you decided on which school?", "I am torn between my local community college or online classes with Capella or University of Maryland Global campus. What is the most important thing I need to know to become an entrepreneur like you?", "I guess experience and connections with people. May I suggest going to community college? Dealing personally with people will be a big help.", "Sure. Community college is very affordable and I like that it is local and supports where I live. I have taken over 120 credits in art and design but I keep studying. I definitely meet people.", "Are you going to be a full time student?", "I plan to go half time. I have a lot to do with baseball teaching kids, which is quickly becoming a business. It's amazing how many parents bring their kids to me by word of mouth. They want to know if their kids have talent so early. I think they push them too hard sometimes.", "Yes, I know what you mean. Poor kids. Maybe I can come by some time and watch? I'm interested in the game.", "Sure. That would be great. I would love to come watch you surf too. I love the ocean, jetskiing, fishing and bodyboarding. I was just at Myrtle beach, SC and there were a bunch of sharks. Do you ever see sharks?", "Yes, that would be coo! Come over when you get a chance. I've never seen sharks around but I heard some surfers say the sharks are just in the area.", "Sure sounds great. It's been nice talking with you. I hear the sharks will leave you alone if you leave them alone. lol.", "As long as we don't have an open wound I think we'll be fine."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to eat a lot of fruits.", "I do not pass gas in public.", "I am an ancestor of an American Civil War general.", "My father does not smile a lot.", "I am an avid horse enthusiast. I do not like to ride horse though. I like to drink Mountain Dew.", "I have experience hiking with my parents. I like Watermelon and pineapple. I do not like fruit on hikes. I like to eat sandwiches or melon after I hike. I hike regularly.", "I enjoy water and I like to swim. I don't like to swim in pool because of the chlorine. I enjoy swimming in ocean despite the risks.", "I like to read on the beach and to listen to the waves. I like to take a break from the outside world."], "partner_persona": ["I am a lacto-ovo vegetarian so I don't eat any meat or fish.", "I have a pet parrot.", "My family is redheaded and tends to fight.", "I once rode a horse while drinking a sprite.", "I would not want to ride a horse and drink soda at the same time again.", "I like hiking on day trips. I love hiking in a forest during fall because it makes me feel calm and relaxed.", "I like watermelon.  I do not like fruit on hikes. I like nutri grain and protein bars for energy on hikes.", "I like swimming and prefer to swim in a pool than swimming in nature.", "I love ocean waves but the undertoe and some of the fish make me nervous.", "I love Sprite and Mountain Dew.", "I love vacations in a room that has ocean facing balcony."], "current_conv": ["You won't believe it. After our last conversation I went swimming in the ocean and I got stung by a jellyfish! It made me think of you", "Oh my god, just thinking about that makes me feel nervous and all squishy inside! Haha. Did it hurt? I've never been stung by a jellyfish and I hope I never will be! ", "Of course it did! It made me feel all tingly, it was crazy. I hope you aren't either! I bet you're having a nice slice of watermelon now aren't you?", "You guessed it! The watermelon I bought yesterday is the sweetest one I've had this year so far, and the flesh is bright red, just like I like it. So after you got stung by the jellyfish, did you have to go to the hospital?", "I did! I had to make sure I was all clear to go hiking with no restraints. The doctor said I was fine and gave me some ointment to put on it. I'm having a nice Mountain Dew now, to reward myself for being so brave.", "Well you certainly deserve that Mountain Dew! Go ahead and drink a 2-liter all by yourself if it makes you feel better! Did you happen to take a picture of that culprit who stung you? I'd love to see a picture of that slimy rascal. I just never want to see one in person!", "I didn't I just want to forget that mean thing already lol. Thanks! I just can't wait to go see the horses with you next week though.", "I'm looking forward to that as much as you are. There is no beauty in the world quite like the sight of a horse running freely in a field, right?", "That's for sure. They are so strong and graceful, those teeth though! Haha I could never ride one again though, too scary for me. Do you think you would try again?", "Oh I'm definitely planning on building up the courage to try to get on the back of one and ride like the wind. And despite what you say, I bet once we are actually there in the field, you might change your mind and hop on with me. We could both ride the same one at the same time. I promise I'll pick the tamest one if you might agree to ride it with me, even if it is just for a couple of minutes.", "I can imagine it now! I don't think so, wishful thinking there lol I am just fine on the ground. Just do not try to drink while riding again. I can take pictures!", "Okay, that sounds like a plan. Just thinking about it has me quivering with anticipation. I probably won't sleep well tonight, because I can't wait for the fun we are going to have together next week."], "history_conv": [["Hi I like to eat a lot of fruits.", "Hi. I'm what's called a lacto-ovo vegetarian so I don't eat any meat or fish.", "Okay you vegan. I do not pass gas in public.", "That's interesting! I have a pet parrot, tasha, who passes gas everywhere..", "I'm an ancestor of an american civil war general.", "Cool! Do you have hobbies? I go hiking a lot.", "That cool too. My father do not smile a lot.", "That's too bad. My family is redheaded so we tend to fight too.", "My hobbies is an avid horse entusiast..", "Horses are so sweet. I once rode a horse while drinking a sprite. It was great.", "Okay. Do you like fruits.", "Fruits are ok. What's your favorite?"], ["How was horse riding experience and ask where that was?", "It was awesome, I was chugging a sprite while on the horse, how can you beat that? It was legendary.", "Ew, that'd make me want to puke! All the bouncing and carbonation. I'm more into Mountain Dew anyways.", "Mountain Dew is definitely where it is at. I mostly did it for the experience, do not think I'd ever do it again", "Well, it's cool either way. Life is all about experiences. Speaking of experiences, where should I go hiking?", "I don't have any specific place that I like hiking, but most locations have great trails where you can become one with nature", "Yeah, I guess you're right. I used to go hiking with my parents all the time. Do you ever go camping?", "From time to time, I usually just stick to day trips where I hike though. You know what is a great hiking snack? Fruit. What is your go to fruit?", "Hmmm, that's tricky. I'd take a ripe watermelon or pineapple any day, but that might not make for great hiking food. What's your favorite fruit?", "Watermelon by far is my favorite, and you are right it doesn't make the best hiking food. Unless you have the pre sliced watermelon that sometimes works", "Awesome! Yeah, I thought about that. I feel like it's nice to pack a cooler with sandwiches and eat after the hike when you've worked up an appetite. A tray of sliced melon would fit in perfectly.", "Definitely, melon would be awesome. I usually just bring things like nutri grain bars or protein bars for a quick boost of energy on the hike."], ["I went on a hiking trip on an amazing trail with my parents.  You should come with us next time", "I'd love to!  How far do you hike in general?", "Usually we hike about 5 miles round trip, but sometimes they can be really steep. The views are great though! What's your favorite landscape to hike in?", "I love hiking during fall in a forest.  All the colors and crunchy leaves!  Makes me really calm and relaxed.  How about you?", "That sounds beautiful. I like going anywhere with water - either the beach, rivers, or waterfalls. I like swimming.", "Oh, yes hiking near a river is amazing!  I like swimming too!  I prefer a pool, but I'll swim in a lake or ocean too.", "Really? I don't really like swimming in pools because of all the chlorine. Have you swum in the ocean much?", "Quite a few times.  I love the big waves, however, sometimes I get nervous about the undertoe.  I also get nervous to see some of the fish in the ocean...don't want to get stung by a jellyfish or something haha", "Haha that's understandable. I guess that's always a risk but I find it worth it. The ocean is incredible and refreshing.", "I agree with you there.  And I love a Sprite or Mountain Dew on the beach lol", "Oh yeah. I also like reading on the beach and just listening to the waves. I find it quite peaceful and a nice to take a break from the outside word.", "Absolutely.  I love being on vacation with a balcony room that looks out to the ocean.  I'd sit out there all day/night long."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like English and I'm in School.", "My parents are teachers.", "I'm in a marching band.", "I don't have any pets. I'm a young girl.", "I'm doing a band concert. My concert went well. I play the clarinet. I like playing clarinet. I do not like tuba. I think that clarinet is easy to play and easy to carry around.", "My office building is carbon neutral because of our investment in solar. I work in an office. I think that energy needs to be ethical as well as profitable.", "I read about fusion experiments. I would be interested in going to space as a tourist.", " I have gained weight recently."], "partner_persona": ["I invented a teleportation machine. My machine is small because it draws a lot of power. I am working on teleporting inanimate objects right now. I'm inventing a time machine.", "I have 5 puppies.", "I love Beethoven.", "I cannot use renewable energy for my machine, it doesn't supply enough energy for my needs. I would like to re-engineer later to make my machine greener, but I don't think it will be possible any time soon I have kept up with developments in nuclear power. I think that energy independence is important. I think that people generating their own energy and distributing it when necessary would be a good strategy.", "I enjoy plant science.", "I would be interested in visiting Mars.", "I have gained weight. I have a garden."], "current_conv": ["What plants do you think would be able to survive a space trip best?", "Hmmm, maybe the weeds growing in my backyard, haha. Those things are impossible to kill, and I bet they could survive a space trip.", "You are probably right!  They need so little water and sun that you think they might be ideal for space!", "Definitely! I was only being half serious about that, but the more I think about it, the more I think it could actually work.", "You are the expert!  Does plant (or weed) science include the impacts of music?  Like, how does a plant respond to Beethoven's 5th Symphony?", "I guess there's no reason why it wouldn't, but I don't think that's an orthodox branch of research, either. So unfortunately, I don't know the answer to that--though I'd like to find out too!", "You would be able to kill two birds with one stone since you love both!  How is your garden looking?  I imagine it is just huge.", "My garden's doing pretty well! Recently I planted a few fruit trees and grew a lettuce plant! I'm excited for the upcoming harvest.", "I bet.  I just don't have a green thumb, unless you count those \"space\" weeds.  Lol", "Haha! I guess I could count those space weeds! Now, if only some spaceflight company would be willing to rocket a few random weeds into space...", "I wonder if there is a way to sneak aboard! How amazing it would be to see space."], "history_conv": [["Hello. I like english in school. How about you?", "I'm not in school. I'm an inventor.", "That's cool. My parents are teachers. What do you invent?", "A teleportation machine. I can teleport anywhere, anytime!", "Awesome! Can you teleport me out of high school and into college?.", "No, it doesn't work that way. Sorry! But, I am making a time machine!", "I can play music for your time machine. I'm in the marching band..", "That would be great! So do you have any pets?", "No. I'm just a young girl. I will when I'm older. Do you?", "Yes, I have five puppies! I love them!", "Wow! That's a lot. Take care of them..", "I will! As long as they don't accidentally time travel!", "Don't let that happen! I'm doing concert band soon. What's your favorite tune?", "I'm a fan of anything beethoven. I hope to go back in time and meet him!"], ["My band concert went pretty well.", "Excellent! The concert went well. What instrument do you play?", "Not the tuba for sure, I like my clarinet.", "The clarinet. Is it hard to play? I heard taht the oboe is hard because it is a double-reed. The clarinet seems like an instrument that every band needs.", "Yes, they are easy to play and very easy to carry around. Is your invention large or small.", "The teleportation machine still has some bugs. It's pretty small because it draws a lot of power. Maybe one day I can get it big enough to send people around, but that would require tremendous energy sources. Right now, I'm trying to get inanimate objects to teleport. I certainly won't send any puppies through the machine soon.", "Glad you are keeping your puppys close at hands.  Have you been able to generate any renewable energy souces to power your devices?", "Boy, I wish! Renewable energy is great for conventional technologies, but my stuff is so leading edge that I have to rely on substantial energy sources. Not environmentally friendly, but when I succeed, I can re-engineer for greener energy sources. But that is far down the road at this point.", "You have surely kept up with the quite small thermal nuclear generators the Chinese are working on? Our solar investment is now making enough energy to make our office building carbon neutral.", "There have been astonishing advances. We really need a Manhattan Project for alternative energy if we are to have a chance against the Chinese.", "So true! The political and economic ramifications of energy availability need to address the good of all society and all living things, not just money making.", "It would be great if energy were available the way that water is. People could collect it on their own and provide it to others should the need arise. Redundancy and distribution is the key to energy independence."], ["I am excited to see what the next developments in nuclear energy are, I've been reading about some fusion experiments lately.", "There is always so much knowledge to gain. What do you think the possibilities are in nuclear energy?", "Well, hopefully it will get us to space some day. I love the thought of exploring space, how about you?", "Space exploration is interesting. They have done some extensive experiments with plant science which is right up my alley. The fuels they use to get there are a concern tho.", "Ideally, you'd want something that was solar powered, but I don't think we'll ever get there for space travel. Maybe, who knows?", "My telportation machine has given me a new insight into the possibilities. I know they are talking about taking the public up in to space. Does that interest you?", "Sort of. Right now it's all over the place. I wouldn't want Elon Musk to send me up there. He'd probably have some elaborate death puzzles up there like in the Saw movies. He's nuts.", "Oh my! Yes! His ideas are out there! But sometimes that's what it takes. I think I would be interested in a journey to Mars. I'm not saying I want to be the first, but I'd like to be on the list!", "I'd definitely enjoy watching that. Yeah, I guess I respect the man, I'", "He has definitely made a profit off of several people. I'm hoping in the future technology and inovation touch more lives. I'm sure your parents who are teachers appreciate that!", "They definitely would. I just wish I could do something about these fat fingers! I can barely type! I think I'm gaining too much weight.", "Ahhh...the dreaded weight gain!! I hear you! I spend so much time at my computer I've gotten a little bigger around the waist. Time to work in my garden more."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love meeting new people.", "I have been to Disney World more than once.", "I'm working in a computer company as a computer programmer.", "I had a cat and now I have kids.", "I have 2 kids and my mom is a dentist.", "I like my job. I'm busy at work. I'd like to take a short vacation to the south.", "I am taking my kids to Disney World in July.", "I have two cats. I used to have pet rats."], "partner_persona": ["I love walking in the sunsets.", "I'm in college and studying art and music. My art classes are going well. My music classes are not going well. I can play music well. I'm not good at music composition.", "I like to paint.", "I have 2 young kids.", "I have 3 rats and I sell performance rats.", "I live in North Carolina. My family and I go to the North Carolina beach during most summers. I like to be frugal.", "I have been to Disney World. I want to go to Disney World.", "I have 5 yellow labs. I do not have cats."], "current_conv": ["After speaking with you, I miss having pet rats. Will you have any for sale soon?", "I will. I'm almost done training this last set, and I'm expecting to have another litter in the next month or so. Do you want me to hold one back for you?", "That would be great! I am a bit concerned about having rats around my cats. I need to keep them separate.", "That's why I don't have any cats! lol! My dogs and kids do love to play with my rats, though. It wears them all out at once. It's a win-win! lol!", "And finally you can get some sleep! LOL. You have so many dogs. Five dogs?? It seems like they would be running around all the time.", "They do, but it's the principle of diminishing returns. After two or so, they actually become less of a burden because you've already got a couple, so you're already buying food, having them go outside to the bathroom, etc... Plus, they start to keep each other company and wear each other out. And the dogs wear the kids out too. I'm tired just thinking about my life! lol!", "Animals are great for kids. They learn so much about lifespan and caring for others. Dogs are not toys or devices. They are living things, with feelings and needs. ", "You're so right. I know that the first time I learned about loss was when my dog passed away. That's something that I don't think enough people talk about. I think we try to shield kids from so many things, that we don't allow them to learn to face painful feelings in a safe environment.", "In the past, death was not something unfamiliar to children. They saw animals be born and die. It's not cruel or unnatural. Nature is a teacher that pulls no punches.", "Well, and God gave us Disney World to make us all feel better again! lol!", "DW is a great place for kids. I love seeing the animals in a natural setting. Much better than zoos. ", "Agreed. It truly is the happiest place on earth. I can't wait to get back there!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, I love to met new people! What are your hobbies?", "I love to walk in the sunsets and you?", "I try to go to disney world whenever I can. What do you do for a living?", "I am in college full time to get my degree in music and art.", "How fun! I'm employed by a computer company. Tell me more about you :).", "I love my 5 dogs and I paint all the time.", "I loved when I was only a fur-mom! Now I have humans lol.", "Wow I have 2 kids and they are not cheap so I use coupons for everything.", "Me too! I get discounts on dentistry too because of my mom.", "Well I breed show rats and sell them. I have 3 right now.", "How fun! Have a nice day.", "You have a nice day too."], ["How are your dogs doing?", "Oh, they're doing ok! They won't leave the show rats alone, and they have a performance tomorrow. The dogs wouldn't hurt them, but they like to chase them around, and it gives the rats anxiety. Thinking of taking them to an animal psychologist.", "Oh that sounds frustrating for the rats. What about the kids? Are they interested to keep the rats? Or they're more happy with the dogs?", "They're happier with the dogs. None of us are in love with the rats, but selling them pays my tuition, and they sell at a higher price when they perform well.", "You're right. My mom can't help unfortunately as she is a dentist. But I'm sure she has kept a lot of friendships from the university and if I'm not wrong I remember one of them was a therapist for animals. I will ask my mom to make sure and if she knew someone I will send you the contact information for sure. How is the college going?", "That's so kind of you! Thank you (and your mom)! My art classes are going well. Music is not so great. I can play well, but I'm not great at composition. How's the computer industry?", "I'm sure you will achieve a good level in composition with exercise. Well, I really like my job. I've always been weak at presentations and convincing people, so nothing better than being a programmer would fulfil my job requirement. I have very busy days though and I feel I should take a short trip to the south as soon as possible.", "Are you thinking Disney World? If you want to change it up, I live in the south (North Carolina). You could bring the kids to visit.", "That sounds great. I'm actually thinking about a new and calm beach to relax. I have been several times to Disney World. I confess it still makes me happy though and for sure it will be a great news for the kids.", "I have never been to Disney World. I'll go once the kids are old enough to really remember it.", "It seems that you don't enjoy the Disney World much as you're going to give it only one chance, lol. Is North Carolina a beach city?", "I may give it more than one, but Disney World can be quite expensive for a family. North Carolina is a state with a coastline on the Atlantic. Many beach cities. We go most summers. It's an affordable get away. I try to be as frugal as I can, especially now that I am in school."], ["Ok, it's official. I'm taking the kids to Disney World in July. I think I'm more excided than they are.", "I know what you mean lol! Now I want to go too... gotta feel out my kids if they wanna accompany me ;)", "that's so exciting! I bet they would. have you ever been there with them?", "Yes it is and I\u2019m counting on you for tips since you are a pro.... also, I\u2019m a bit concerned about the expenses:(", "it is definitely expensive! one of the best tings you can do is bring your own food and snacks and just pay for a locker to store them", "That would definitely help! I can\u2019t wait to tell the kids... they\u2019re going to go crazy haha... in a good way! Then I must make arrangements for my fur family while we are gone phew!", "THAT is always the hardest part of travel! I have two cats, and because cats dont enjoy travel like dogs do, any time I go anywhere I need to make sure I have someone to come stay at the house with them", "I also prefer a house cum dog sitter versus leaving them at a boarding facility!", "absolutely. animals do best in their own environments! what types of pets do you have?", "5 dogs, all yellow Labs or Labzillas as we call them since they are almost 100 lbs each :) The rats are easy to care for, just gotta keep them protected from the dogs lol... all that\u2019s missing from the party is cats", "WOW! that's a lot of pups! and I used to have pet rats. they were amazing; I loved them and used to be so annoyed that other people didn't! it's got to be tough to find a pet sitter to care for such a big bunch of pets, huh?", "You bet but I think you\u2019ll agree that in the end it\u2019s all worth the time and energy!!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in a marching band.", "I have parents who are teachers.", "I enjoy english class.", "I became interested in music as a young girl.", "I am in high school. I plan to go to college. I would take a year off before college to travel if I could. I would get an after school job to save up to travel before college.", "I would love to visit Alaska. I am always cold. I would like to travel to all parts of the world. I can't afford to travel.", "I am debating working for a cruise line.", "I am a musical entertainer.", "My goal is to save up for college."], "partner_persona": ["I was on the debate team in high school.", "I have a father who teaches.", "I learned to swim when I was five because my father is a physical education coach.", "I just started a new job.", "I have been on 3 cruises. My favorite cruise was to Alaska. I found the passengers on Alaskan cruises to be less about body image and partying hard.  I like the thought of an Alaskan Cruise Line. I am going on a Mediterranean cruise.", "I've never been seasick on a cruise.  I was on a cruise once and the stabilizers went out."], "current_conv": ["I found a job opening as a musical entertainer aboard a cruise ship.  My job audition/interview is tomorrow!", "That's amazing! Is the cruise going someplace you have always wanted to go?", "It's a Caribbean cruise, so my Alaska dreams aren't being met yet, but that's ok, I'm just excited to have an opportunity like this!", "That sounds like so much fun! What do your parents think about you taking a year off before college? Were they disappointed?", "Nope, they are excited that I will be able to make some money so I don't have to go into debt so much. ", "Good for them. Do you think you could make enough on the cruise to pay for the first year of school?", "If I get this job, I'm going to stick with it as long as I can. Maybe if I put back enough money I could pay for school, but I think working in the industry can be just as valuable as a formal education.", "That's a good point. I imagine that playing for these people is a great way to get discovered by a talent scout too. I am so jealous of you! I really hope you get the job tomorrow!", "Me too! When are you leaving for your Mediterranean cruise?", "At the end of July. I am so eager I am already packed, lol. When would the Caribbean cruise leave?", "It runs out of Miami and comes and goes twice a week. So I don't know when they would want me to start.", "Ok, that makes sense. Well, I really hope the audition goes well tomorrow. I will be keeping my fingers crossed!"], "history_conv": [["Hello! I\u2019m in a marching band. Do you play an instrument?", "No, I do not, but I enjoy cruises on cruise ships, do you as well?", "Never been. Sounds fun! Any hobbies?", "I was on the debate team when I was in high school. What instrument do you play?", "Flute and violin during concerts. Both my parents are teachers.", "Wow! I bet that must be quite the experience, my father was a teacher of sorts.", "What subject? My favorite is english class.", "He was a phys ed coach. He insisted I learn to swim when I was five!", "You must be a good swimmer! My parents got me into music as a young girl.", "I haven't drowned yet, anyway lol. Do you play in an orchestra?", "Mostly concerts at my high school. Maybe one day!", "Oh, you're still in school! Study hard. I just started a new job yesterday."], ["How many cruises have you been on?", "I have been on three. The first one was the least expensive because I didn't know much about cruising. It was fun, but to make the trip memorable, it's better to spend a bit more if you can afford it.", "That's good to know. where was your favorite cruise destination so far?", "Usually people like the tropical ones with the warm weather and such. Those are ok, but I really liked the one up to Alaska. The natural spectacle is breath-taking! The passengers are bit different on the Alaska cruises. Maybe less about body image and partying hard.", "I'd love to go to Alaska some time but I'm always so cold. I'm not sure how i'd handle it.", "There are warmer times of the year, when the sun is always up. I can't recommend going there in the winter as a tourist. Another favorite destination is the Mediterranean. I haven't gone there yet. It would be fun to visit the different port cities there.", "honestly just traveling all around to all parts of the world just sounds really fun. maybe some day I can afford to do that.", "There are cheaper ways to travel. Cruises are really expensive. The ships are like giant floating hotels. You can find cheaper accommodation and food, especially as a student.", "I'll definitely look into it. maybe I can find a way to take a year after high school to travel before doing college.", "That's a great time to do it. There are cheap rail passes. It can help to travel with a friend. That's safer and sometimes more fun, if you can both get along.", "for sure. well maybe I can get an after school job and save up all my money and have my friend do the same. I'm really excited about this now.", "It's really the best learning experience. School gets dull and repetitive, but traveling to new places is always novel."], ["I found this really good deal it would be working with a cruise line to travel, they pay room and board and a small stipend, could you help me decide?", "sure. What areas do the cruise lines travel to?", "There are some that go to Alaska, which I've always wanted to visit, and some that go warmer areas like the Bahamas", "I believe the Alaskan cruise line is the way to go. Less partying and a more settled down crowd. Do you think you'll be able to handle the weather?", "I hope so. I know I'm always cold, but it's not like I'll be outside all the time, I'd be inside a boat, right?", "If you can land a job that is inside. How about something to do with your musical ability? Are there entertainment spots available?", "There might be, that's a good idea. Do entertainers on cruise ships also make tips?", "Yes, if they are tipped by the passengers. There are always dedicated house bands in the lounges. The musicians typically make a salary, because they're doing the same job all the time. Do you think you would like that?", "I think that could be a lot of fun. I bet I could even save up in a year or two to get to college, which is really my goal.", "That sounds like a \"win\" \"win\" scenario to me. I really hope you can find such a position. When I take my Mediterranean cruise, I'll keep a look out for jobs.", "Have you ever gotten seasick on a cruise or does the boat stay pretty stable?", "Never gotten sick, thank goodness. The boat is really stable unless the stabilizers go out. Had that happen once and we were rocking and rolling!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love animals. I'm a vegan. I mostly eat Vegan pizza.", "I have a hybrid car.", "I have a husband. We have a yard. I want to plant a garden.", "I live in a cold climate. It's hard to grow plants in my yard due to shade.", "I like to cook. I have cats."], "partner_persona": ["I have a lot of pets and I'm a rights activist.", "I have a son.", "I like to recycle.", "I compost fertilizer. I grow my own fruits and vegetables. I have a large garden. I eat what I grow.", "I'm a vegan I eat vegan pizza. I like banana peppers, I grow 6-7 kings of peppers including banana peppers.", "My soup recipes use leftovers from my garden. My favorite soup recipe, or at least one of them, is my butternut squash soup recipe.", "I live in a very sunny area.", "I garden a lot, specifically herbs. I regularly cook. I'm not a cook professionally but I enjoy the hobby.", "I have an elderly dog. I have a yard."], "current_conv": ["So do you have any good recipes for vegan pizza dough?", "It is all about getting some good vegan \"butter\" and also garlic is very important. You cannot have too much or too little. Those are ways to be sure people won't notice it is vegan.", "I have an autoimmune disorder so I can't have garlic", "Oh wow. I am so sorry. That is awful. What else do you have to avoid? Maybe I can find a way to make a crust just for you.", "no its perfectly fine! nothing life threatening. but anything but garlic in the crust would be great. maybe more herbs?", "I will definitely play around with oregano and parsley. Can you have onions and onion powder?", "I love onions! Onions are perfect. I dont even cry chopping them up", "Perfect! I think some herbs and onions can make up for the lack of garlic. Why don't I try a few doughs and you can test them?", "That would be great! I hope you can come over one day and we can cook together", "Sure thing! Cooking with some wine sounds amazing. Do you know what is in the vegan crusts you normally have? That may help.", "I think cauliflower is what is the main ingredient. I like the taste actually", "Ahh gotcha. I have tried something similar before. Not too shabby! Have you tried the frozen ones? I know they are gluten free but I am not sure about vegan."], "history_conv": [["Hello!", "Greetings!", "What are ypundoing right now?", "Talking with you! And I guess thinking about feeding my animals..", "I love animals!sdo you have many pets?", "Yes, I have a goat, dog, cat, chickens, rabbits. Huge animal lover and rights activist..", "Me too! I've been vegan for several years.", "I'm also vegan! Me and my son do not eat meat. We love animals too much.", "That's great! We have so much in common! Do you have other hobbies?", "Yes, I love to recycle and reuse! Respect the environment bro!.", "Awesome! My jeep wrangler is a hybrid!", "Me and my son compost animal/food waste into valuable fertilizer all the time.", "Your son sounds really cool. I wish my husband was that woke.", "We also grow a lot of vegetables and fruits in our yard.."], ["What kind fruits and vegetables do you grow?", "I have a pretty large garden actually. I grow all sorts of things, from tomatoes to pumpkins. I really try to eat as much as I can from my own garden!", "That is a good strategy it saves you money, and is healthier. Do you grow banana peppers?", "Yes, I grow 6-7 different types of peppers. I really enjoy banana peppers. They're a great topping for a vegan pizza.", "Yes! You know what is up. They're simply the best for a vegan pizza. What other vegan recipes do you like?", "Well it's not the most exciting type of thing, but I've really been trying to put some good soup recipes together. It's a good way to use up leftovers from the garden. I think that my butternut squash soup recipe is one of my favorites.", "Oh my that sounds delicious. I would love some of that. Will you make some for me sometime?", "Of course! It's so important for vegans to stick together and spread the joy of the vegan recipes.", "Yes! We aim to have a lifestyle and health and positivity and to me sticking together with other vegans is so cruical!", "What's your favorite vegan recipe? I'm always looking for new ideas.", "I honestly don't get too wild. I usually just stick to my vegan pizza, it is a safe bet and it is delicious!", "That's definitely true, and pairs pretty nicely with soup. I'll have to make some of that the next time you visit too."], ["My husband said we can have a garden but it will have to be small can you help me decide what to plant?", "Sure! You should think about what grows natively in your region and also about the seasons.", "it's colder here than where I used to live, so i'm adjusting to being in a different growing zone. and unfortunately my back yard has more shade than sun! so it's been tricky. do you have a large yard and lots of sun? seems like you must, to grow so many banana peppers!", "Yeah, I'm pretty lucky. We get a lot of sun here more of the year so I don't really have to worry. Some plants don't need as much sun though - like herbs!", "that's what i've been thinking -- herbs over plants! I know basil and mint will grow ANYWHERE. do you grow a lot of herbs, too?", "I grow a lot of herbs but mostly inside, since they don't need much sun. Plus it's convenient to just grab some while I'm cooking. Do you cook?", "I do love to cook. alas, I can't grow herbs inside because my cats will eat them. the struggle! are you a cook too?", "No, I'm not a cook. I just like experimenting with new recipes for fun. Can you put them up high away from your cats?", "i've tried, but my bratty cats just climb higher! there are a few places they can't reach but unfortunately neither can the sun, haha. do you have pets?", "That's funny haha. I just have an older dog but he doesn't care about my herbs. Sometimes he eats the grass outside though."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in college.", "I used to work part time but I'm unemployed now. I used to work at a supermarket as a sales helper. I enjoyed my previous job. I am not looking for a job.", "I love playing soccer. I'm not really into music.", "I'm majoring in humanity at college.", "I play organized soccer matches. My position in soccer is a striker.", "I have a meeting with a guidance counselor tomorrow. I don't know what career I want yet. A career in human resources is something I would be interested in.", "I hate spiders. My biggest nightmare is being bit by a flesh-eating spider."], "partner_persona": ["I am 26 and I work 12 hours a day. I'm working a lot because I need money. I like my current job. I'm not very interested in changing jobs. I secured my job before the end of college. I would like to have higher pay and less hours.", "I am in debt.", "I like Black Sabbath.", "I like to watch soccer.", "I majored in humanities at college. I am a law clerk now. I would rather be a firm reviewer.", "Burgers are my favorite food.", "I may want a humanities degree to work in human resources, but I'm not sure yet. I have a neighbor named Cynthia who works in human resources.", "I hate spiders. I've been bit by a spider before. My boss is a woman. I don't believe I'm paid enough at my job."], "current_conv": ["My guidance meeting went well! Still not sure what I want to do, but humanities or teaching both sound promising.", "Would you switch your major from humanities to education, or use humanities to go into teaching?", "Because I'm not fully committed yet, I think I will stay in Humanities for now. That way I have the option to move into education, but I can still explore other areas. Did you enjoy all the later Humanities classes you took?", "I really enjoyed them, and that was the reason I took them. I was very lucky to find a job, especially one I like. It's very interesting clerking for a law firm. The only thing I don't like is that it doesn't pay as much as you might think it would.", "Are there any opportunities in clerking to work your way up within the firm? Is it something that you could see yourself doing for a long time?", "There aren't any opportunities for advancement other than senior cleric -- which is more project management and people management responsbilities. I'd rather do the actual clerk role; I like researching, writing briefs, etc. I could do this permanently if it paid better! Let's talk about you. Are you still on that soccer team?", "Well at least you like the work for now! I am still on the soccer team. We have a tournament coming up next week that I'm really excited for. I think we might have a chance to win it!", "Striker, right? How're you scoring these days?", "Right! It definitely feels like I'm on a hot streak. Hopefully it keeps up through the tournament. One of our other players is injured, though. Did you ever play sports?", "I played intramural soccer in college. Nowadays I mainly just watch it. I like Manchester United, they're my favorite team. Do you like a particular US or FIFA team?", "I love Arsenal, even though they aren't doing so well lately. I can't wait for the season to start up again. I do enjoy watching the international teams in the meantime. Having the tournaments on is so fun!", "I was watching Italy vs Wales yesterday. ITA was up by 1 but then we went to brunch and I missed the last part of the game."], "history_conv": [["Hello, I study at college.", "Wish I were back in college. I'm 26, working 12 hours a day.", "I am not employed now. I used to do part time job.", "What kind of work? I work like crazy, but still in debt. Not deeply, but still.", "I used to work at the local supermarket as sales helper.", "Did you get discounted food? I love mean, especially burgers!", "I did not get any special favors. But I used to enjoy the job.", "Like music? I'm a black sabbath junkie.", "I am not really into music. But I love playing soccer.", "I like to watch it. What's your major?", "Humanity is my major. It is very exciting.", "Humanities was my major, too! Now I'm a law clerk. Go figure.", "That's strange enough, but I believe you learn a lot as a law clerk.", "It can be interesting, but I'd rather be a film reviewer."], ["I've been mostly studying but I let myself have a break by playing a bit of soccer with friends.", "Yeah, I know how time demanding studying can be, but it's so important to take a break from it every once in a while. Recently, I've just been super busy working.", "You should take a break too. I have a match next week. You can come watch if you like.", "I know, it's just I really need to work as much as I can as I need the money. Oh wow, that'd be great! I'd love to. What position do you play?", "I am a striker . i love the thrill of scoring goals. Hey. .have you applied for a job as a firm reviewer? Why stay at a job that doesn't pay enough", "Best position mate! I'd love to look into it to be honest however it's the comfortability for me at my current job. You get used to the same wage and rely on it way too much. Maybe I'll look into a little further, no harm in looking. Have you been searching for jobs recently?", "I am not looking right now. I just want to finish college . I am a bit worried i might not get a good job with a degree in Humanities.", "Yeah I understand, you see I started looking toward the end of college to try and secure myself a job in readiness for when I finish. You shouldn't worry at all, it may be a little tricky at first as lots of employers ask for work experience and degrees, however degrees really do help you. Humanities isn't too niche either.", "Thanks for the advice. I 'll try to get my old job back. Maybe we can meet up to discuss career prospects. Lunch is on me since you're broke. Just kidding..", "Haha, you joker! That would be great mate, might help me too as I don't mind working where I'm at but want to try to aim higher. More pay would be brilliant as 12 hours a day is so tiring", "That's great. I'd like to borrow some of your college books if you don't mind. I can only pay in burgers not cash.lol", "Oh yeah of course, I definitely don't need them anymore. Wow, you certainly know the way to my heart. Burgers are my FAVOURITE!!"], ["I spoke with a guidance counselor about career paths like you recommended. I'm supposed to meet up with them tomorrow.", "That's great! Do you have any ideas of what sort of job you'd like to end up doing after graduation?", "I don't have anything in mind. I am just being present for now and focusing on my studies. Do you have any ideas for me that you think I might be good for?", "My neighbor has a humanities degree, and works as a human resources specialist. She seems quite happy with it. Other than that, I", "I would love to work in HR. It is a well respected field. Do you think you could connect me with your neighbor?", "I definitely could. I will text you her phone number later. Her name is Cynthia. Also, sorry about my last response, a spider landed on my keyboard and I slapped the 'enter' button on accident.", "I will reach out to her - thanks! SPIDER?!?!?! ACK!!!", "Yes, I fear that I'm going to have to fumigate the entire house now! I really hate spiders. Do you have arachnophobia too?", "I sure do. I have been terrified since childhood.", "Have you ever been bitten by one? I heard that some of them have venom that can destroy flesh!", "I haven't. Thank goodness! That is my biggest nightmare.", "I was bitten by one at work once. My boss put it on my chair as a prank and it bit me on my leg when I sat on it. I don't think she pays me enough to deal with that... I think I need to ask for a raise."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I listen to music at work a lot. I listen to Black Sabbath.", "I want to visit Italy.", "I am focusing on my career. I have a career in safety. I don't have much free time to travel.", "I love Volkswagen beetles.", "I don't normally listen to classical music. I like the Moonlight Sonata. I listen to music while doing tasks at work. I usually listen to old rock.  am wanting to learn about classical music."], "partner_persona": ["Beethoven's moonlight sonata is my favorite. I just listen to the classics.", "I have hand guns. I watch British tv.", "My grandmother is from Italy. Her favorite song is iron man.", "I have a Black Volkswagen Beetle. Black is my favorite color.", "I want to travel the world. I plan to visit Italy this summer. I've never been to Italy before.", "I'm really into classic movies like Jaws and Star Wars.", "I love orchestra and metal."], "current_conv": ["Are there any other movies that include classic songs that you'd recommend watching?", "Wagner is great. You can probably find a nice compilation with various composers somewhere. Can't think of any in movies, though. John Williams always does great scores.", "John Williams has definitely done well by the Star Wars and Harry Potter franchises. What is Wagner's style like?", "I'd say lively and driving, if those make any sense; an exciting feel. He's known for Flight of the Valkyries and was probably a Volkswagen fan himself. I love when orchestras/symphonies collaborate with metal bands.", "It does seem like a really cool combo. Metal artists have to be pretty technically skilled to do what they do. And when you add that level of skill to the skill of orchestra players, it's awesome!", "Well said. Do you ever try listening to newer rock or do you stick with the older stuff?", "I haven't listened to too much of the newer stuff. A lot of it either feels too pop or too noisy without a cause, haha. I'm still open to it, though. Do you listen to much of the newer stuff?", "Very little. I enjoy acts like the Foo Fighters and Arcade Fire a little. Love Metallica's latest collaboration with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.", "I need to listen to that Metallica collab. I totally forgot about the Foo Fighters. I remember being pleasantly surprised when I learned David Grohl could also sing and play guitar. It's sad what happened to Kurt Cobain, but I think it worked out for Grohl.", "Grohl has certainly made the most of it. Apparently he recorded the entire first Foo Fighters album himself. Do you ever look into other jobs? Ones that might give you the time to travel?", "Wow, did he! I wonder how much time that took him and if it was his way of getting through what happened. As far as looking into other jobs, I haven't thought about it much.", "How do you like the safety? Are you just trying to gain some experience right now?"], "history_conv": [["Just sitting down to dinner after work. Steak!", "Listening to my beethoven favorite, moonlight sonata..", "Nice! I listen to music at work a lot. What do you do?", "I practice shooting with both of my handgunds and watch british tv. You?", "Sales. The playlist of black sabbath usually pumps me up to sell! Lol.", "My grandma from italy came to visit, and iron man is her favorite song!", "Your grandma rocks! Love italy, hope to visit but need to pay off some debt first.", "I understand that. I want to travel in general but I can't at the moment..", "Hopefully you will! I\u2019m so focused on my career, travel is a low priority at this point.", "Same for me! I barely paid off my volkswagen beetle.", "Love that car. What color?", "It's black! My favorite color for everything lol."], ["I was listening to music at work and Moonlight Sonata was the first song that played.", "Aah Moonlight Sonata... I can never get enough of it!", "It is not my normal taste in music but I actually quite liked it.", "Do you listen to a wide range of music as part of your work or is it a particular genre?", "It isnt really part of my job. I do it to pass the time while working on tasks. I usually stick to some of the older rock but I can see where moonlight sonata may have influenced more modern music. Do you like more modern music as well or do you stick with the classics?", "My bad... for assuming! I stick with the classics. So what career are you pursuing?", "Right now I am doing my best with my safety career. Some of it is physical, moving around and sometimes it is just data entry. Unfortunately it doesnt leave much room for traveling. Where is it you want to travel to?", "Sounds like your work keeps you pretty busy! I want to travel the world ... I have a huge wanderlust. I am planning to travel to Italy this summer- like I mentioned my grandmother is from Italy but I\u2019ve never been there", "Oh that is amazing I have always wanted to go there. I imagine the food there is fantastic. There are so many things to see and do while there. What are you planning to do while there?"], ["What are some other classical pieces you'd recommend for someone unfamiliar with it?", "You probably know about Mozart and Bach, but I'd really recommend someone like Anton Dvorak.  He is a little later than Beethoven, but really is the height of the \"Romantic Era\" that Beethoven ushered in.", "Dvorak? How do you say that? LOL. What stuff of his would I have heard in movies and such?", "If you have ever heard the iconic Jaws theme -- duuuuhhh DUUHUHHH...Dvorak's (I pronounce it Duh-vor-CZAK) ninth symphony actually has that same theme, but it builds into something really interesting.", "So John Williams stole from the best...He's pretty smart then! Genius steals. Ninth symphony? I think I've heard Beethoven's ninth. Is Dvorak German? Austrian?", "Dvorak is Czech and born near Prague, though it was part of the Austrian Empire when he was born.  You will find that John Williams borrowed a lot of themes, though he puts them to good use.  The opening to Star Wars is right out of film music by Korngold!", "There's nothing new under the sun. I bet Korngold in turn got ideas from someone else.", "Oh, I am sure!  A lot of film scores probably do a little of that and they tend to be a bit more simpler than a fully composed piece of classical music.  I just really love that full orchestra sound.  But I love a little metal on the side as well!", "I bet you've found the influence of classical music in metal music too!", "Yes.  If you want to hear some really \"metal\" classical music, check out Holst and \"Mars the bringer of war.\"  I bet you have heard it and don't even realize it!  What was the last song you heard today?", "Holst...Wrote something about planets? I bet \"Mars\" is seriously metal. I listened to Blizzard of Ozz.", "Randy Rhodes was the guitarist right?  He really was bringing classical guitar into the metal world and you can hear it in his playing!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 18 years old. I just graduated.", "My mom is also a nurse.", "I am on the road for a long time.", "I have visited Ireland. My favorite landscape is the Irish coastline. I would like to visit Ireland again. I think traveling throughout Europe would be cool.", "I took a road trip to Niagara. I pick up hitchhikers. I picked up a guy in a band on his way to New York City. I'm still friends with my hitchhiker. I like taking road trips. I would never hitchhike as I believe it's too dangerous.", "I like the lights and fast pace of New York but believe it's also dangerous in places.", "I plan on taking a trip to Ireland in the next 5 years."], "partner_persona": ["I like rock music.", "My mom is a nurse. I am close with my mother.", "My family moved a lot during my childhood. I like to meet new people. I didn't have a hard time adjusting to new schools as a child once I got used to it.", "I love jello. I eat jello when I am nervous.", "I've never been to Ireland. I haven't done much traveling as an adult. I saw a bunch of the country as a child. My favorite place to live was North Carolina.", "I went to New York when I was 15. I think New York is beautiful. I love to travel and miss it."], "current_conv": ["My hitchhiking-rock-band-playing friend texted me last night. You wouldn't believe what he said!", "What did he have to say?", "He said that he got picked up by Corey Taylor of Slipknot, and they wanted to give him an audition for the band! What are the odds of that.", "Holy smokes.  What are the odds indeed!  He must be absolutely flipping out.", "I know I would be! That's huge and so random. I'm excited to hear how it went. Any plans to travel soon?", "No, not at the moment.  I'm stuck around here this summer working.", "That's too bad - are you going to be able to take daytrips or long weekends? It's important to take breaks now and again to relax/refocus.", "I'll think about it.  Right now I need to figure out what my schedule is going to be.  I just got hired at a grocery store but am not entirely sure how my shifts are going to work.", "Congrats! That's tough. At least every day will be different and fast-paced - that's important. Hopefully they give you a good discount. I cannot believe how expensive groceries are now.", "Yes, I do apparently get a discount, which is nice.  I'm sort of excited about it but also anxious, just because I've never done anything like this before.  But I need to earn some money and start saving and this will hopefully be a good start.", "I used to work at a grocery store and it was interesting, definitely a good experience. What are you saving for? Anything special?", "Yes, I need a new car.  Mine is old and I'm spending too much on repairs.  I'd also like to buy a brand new one for the first time in my life."], "history_conv": [["Im 18 and just graduated, how are you?", "I am really well thanks! Just listening to some rock, rocking out :).", "Well, I have been in this small forever...im going on a long trip and never coming back.", "My mom is a nurse, she went on a trip once, with peace corps.", "My mom is a nurse too. I shall write her a post card.", "Thats sweet, are you two close? My other mom and me are close.", "Get real, I just stay under the stars for nights on end.", "I can see you are tense. Are things bad?", "Im on the road for a long time.", "I understand that feeling. I grew up moving around a lot. Know what helps me?", "What helps you, tell me?", "I eat jello. Its my favorite food. I eat it when im nervous."], ["I have seen some exciting landscapes while on the road.", "What was your most favorite landscape that you seen?", "One time I got to go to Ireland and we drove around the coast of the entire country, that was pretty cool.", "That would be amazing! I moved a lot as a kid, but Ireland was not a place I ever lived, so that experience would be amazing.", "Yes, it was extremely green, with a very rugged coastline. I would love to go back. Now that I am 18, it would be more fun since that is legal drinking age there.", "That would make it much more fun, do you have any trips planned there soon?", "I am not sure. It would be pretty cool to travel throughout all of Europe. Have you done much traveling?", "I personally haven't done much traveling per se. I did move a lot as a kid however, so I have seen a good part of the country", "That must have been hard to move so much as a kid. Where is your most favorite place you have ever lived?", "My mom was a nurse and we had to move to the hills of North Carolina. I loved living there the scenery was wild.", "That's really neat! How was it always having to go to a new school?", "It is a struggle at first, but you get use to it. It is always nice to meet new people as well, which I love."], ["While driving to Niagara, I saw a hitchhiker and decided to pick him up. You'll never guess what happened!", "I didn't know you went to Niagara! What happened?", "This guy was hitchhiking to New York to play with his rock band. He was trying to travel the cheapest way he could think of to save money so he could provide for his family.", "Wow, that would've taken a lot of effort. Are you still in contact with this person?", "I am still in contact with him. He was very fluent in how to travel so cheaply. I like driving when I travel so that I can experience the beauty of the land. I would never hitch hike though. To dangerous in my opinion but he was willing to take chances to help out his family. Have you been to New York?", "I did go over to New York when I was 15, but I haven't been over there since.", "So do you remember much about it. New York has the lights and fast paced. But it is dangerous in certain parts.", "Oh, yes, but it certainly is beautiful in great parts of the different boroughs! Ah, I miss traveling... Will you be heading over to Ireland again anytime soon?", "I hope so within the next five years but trust me I won't save money by hitchhiking."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in a city and I work in a library. I work in the city.", "I'm from US and i know german.", "I travel on boat.", "I have 3 kids. I have young children.", "I play flute.", "I have two dogs. I take my dogs to the library with me. I speak German to my dogs. ", "I'm not good at math.", "I speak English more than I speak German. I live in an area with a lot of Spanish speakers. I speak some Spanish but not much."], "partner_persona": ["I'm from Europe and i work on software.", "I'm living in US since 2004.", "I like to run and did a half marathon.", "I was in a band and I played drums. I'm burned out on being in a band.", "I have a black lab and a yellow lab. I didn't have a pet growing up. I would like to get more dogs. I think dogs are good listeners.", "My parents are from two different countries. I have lived in several different countries. I spent most of my time in France.", "I have attended university.", "I am familiar with the German language.", "I have lived in more than one country. I come from a multicultural and multilingual family--German and Spanish. I am trilingual.", "I learned English outside of the home. Spanish is my predominant language."], "current_conv": ["My family has decided to start a new tradition where every Saturday morning, we will all speak to each other in Spanish, only. Can't wait to see how it goes!", "Good luck. Do you all know enough to last long?", "Haha no clue, but I am pretty excited about it. It will definitely help me to feel closer to my neighbors.", "You should tell them to only speak to you in spanish. That might help", "It might, but I am always so grateful when someone speaks English and my brain gets a break. I wish I had started learning Spanish much younger.", "I've heard learning earliest is always the best. Should help your kids.", "That is very true. I am happy that they SHOULD be able to speak three languages quite easily. They will keep me on tack on Saturday mornings, that's for sure.", "So what happens if someone breaks the rule?", "Grounded for 2 weeks! I kid. It isn't supposed to be a tortuous thing. I think we can come up with someone silly like whipped cream in the face or something. Keep things light.", "Or maybe add 15 minutes in the afternoon. Just for them.", "That is not a bad idea. Haha I am the one who will probably screw up, so I have to be easy on myself.", "No beer that night. That'll keep you on track"], "history_conv": [["Hello. I am a librarian in the city. What do you do?", "I work on software issues I am from europe and you?", "I'm from the us. In german, my name means grown up.", "That is so cool. I benn in the us since 2004 and I love it here.", "I take a boat to work! What about you?", "I run to work I do half marathons every month.", "Wow! I have 3 kids under the age of 9 so I'm busy running too!", "I know you are busy. I work too much for a family.", "I do play the flute in my spare time. Do you play any instruments?", "I play the drums in my band.", "Cool! Maybe we can be in a band together some day..", "Yes that will be cool. We could jam.", "Yes. Jam in the city where I work!", "My dogs love to hear my play they dance a lot."], ["What kind of dog breed do you have?", "I have had several over the years. Right now, I have two labs, one black and one white.", "Those are great dogs. I also have two dogs that I often take the to the library with me. Do you want to start a band?", "I burned out a bit on bands. The problems with personality clash. It's hard when people can't get along. The music isn't fun to play, even if the audience has fun.", "That's true. There's a lot going on when you have people together doing creative things. Where are you from originally?", "My parents are from two different countries and met in a third country, where I was born, then we moved to a fourth country, where I grew up. Then I went to unviersity in another country. So I'm from a few places. But mostly France.", "That's great story. I'm not good at math but it seems like there's many locations involved. Did you have a dog in France?", "My parents really didn't want an animal in the house, so I didn't growing up. I wanted one in university but I couldn't afford it. Now it's possible to have as many dogs as I want.", "How many more dogs would you have since you can have as many as you want?", "I would like at least two more. I don't want to get too many all at once, maybe add another one every couple of years.", "Thats a good plan. Dogs make great companions. Maybe they can all be friends together. I speak German to my dogs.", "Dogs are great for practicing German. They're good listeners and enjoy the sound of the language."], ["I overheard one of my kids telling the other two to lay down in German and guess what the dogs started doing!", "my guess is they laid down. it is no different than commands in english. i think that is great. do your kids speak english and german at home?", "I have taught them some words and phrases and occasionally I do speak German at home.  My hope is that they will have a good foundation in the language by the time they are old enough to take it in school.", "that is a great asset to have being bilingual. In the United States, it is great to speak english and spanish now. Do you think you will have them learn spanish as well?", "I think that would be a very good language for them to learn considering where we live, but I don't speak Spanish.  My husband however is fluent in the language and I have been encouraging him to teach them when he has time.", "what a wonderful household having many languages to learn from at you fingertip. With you working at a library they have plenty of resources to chose from.", "Yes, that certainly helps.  You yourself have lived in more than one country.  Do you have any foreign language skills yourself?", "Yes, I speak Spanish, English, and German. My parents are from Germany and Spain.", "Which language do you feel was the easiest for you to learn?", "Spanish is the easiest. I learned English in school before I came to the States and the two languages are similar in alot of ways.", "Hmm, maybe I should try to hone my own Spanish skills.  What language did your parents speak most often as you were growing up?", "My mother's language is Spanish. I grew up in Spain. We spoke mostly Spanish."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from London. I have two mothers. I have a step mother.", "I love jello.", "I have blond hair.", "I like rock music.", "I am in nursing school.", "I have traveled to Europe and toured their. I think Scotland seems nice, but haven't been. I think the Scots deep-fry food a lot.", "I've been to Paris. I love Paris. I think Parisian food is the best."], "partner_persona": ["I am from a small town. I have one mother.", "I love pizza.", "I have brown hair.", "I like rock music. I just graduated from high school.", "I want to leave my small town. I want to travel. I am thinking of visiting England or Scotland. I might go to Scotland next month to miss the rainy season.", "I like Rush.", "I love pizza and deep-fried food.", "I just got out of high school. I may go to Paris after I return from Scotland. I would like to see the Eiffel Tower.", "I work in a shop."], "current_conv": ["I heard about a new rock band from Europe I've got to tell you about!", "I like Rush! England and Scotland too. What is the band", "Rush is good but have your heard of Asphyx even it's not new but they're just amazing. ", "Next month I might go to Scotland. I am hoping to get tickets to my favorite rock band", "That is so cool. I wish i could attend Asphyx concert if they ever perform again. Which one is your favorite?", "I just graduated high school and want to do some traveling. So I am hoping to get tickets to Gaelic Storm", "Sounds good. I have never heard of Gaelic storm. I might be left behind in rock, Tell me about it.", "I want to leave my small town and mother for a while. So after I leave Scotland I hope to go to Paris, see the Eiffel Tower and hopefully Gaelic Storm on tour. ", "I hope you get to do all those things. I have been to Paris and i did something stupid when i was on Eiffel Tower, I tossed a coin from there and challenged myself to find at the the bottom LOL.", "That's hillarious! Did you find it? I just hope I can find my favorite types of food like fried food and pizza in Paris or I might starve if I can't! ", "The Odds were really high. Maybe you give it a try when you there. You will really good food there. If you could attend their light festival that would be awesome, I'm sure you will like it.", "Thank you that sounds like fun I will have to look into that!  I have to go to work at the shop I work in but I have time to look the Light Festival up before I go"], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you..", "Hi nice to meet you too. Where in the world are you from?", "I am from london. I love with my 2 mothers and you?", "I am stuck in a small town and I want out but I only have one mother.", "Cool. I love to eat jello what do you like to eat?", "I love pizza and my mother but how did you get 2 mothers?.", "They are married and one had me. We all have blond hair.", "Oh I see. I had blonde hair when I was a kid but now it's all brown.", "What kind of music do you like. I am into rock.", "I like to rock and I just graduated from high school.", "Good for you. I am in nursing school to be one like my mom.", "My mom is awesome but I am ready to get away from this small town.", "Well you will. Enjoy home life while you can.", "I know but I have been stuck here for far too long. I'm ready to travel."], ["Did you hear any good rock albums lately?", "I've started listening to Rush. I can't believe I wasn't aware fo them before.", "I have never heard about this band. Is it good?", "They're an awesome Canadian band. I'd heard a few of their songs before on the radio but had no idea that they were by Rush.", "I will definitely listen to their album.  How are you feeling now that you graduated high school?", "A little scared. I want to travel but don't have any money saved up. I'm afraid that if I start working or go to college, then I'll never have the motivation to see the world.", "That's true. It will be hard though to travel without money.  Could you maybe travel and get small jobs at your destinations.  I have heard of some people teaching English or getting small jobs just to have enough money.", "That's a great idea. Have you done lots of travelling?", "Just a little bit. I have been traveling mostly around Europe since everything is pretty close to where I live. I have been to Paris, south of France, Amsterdam, Mallorca, Poland, and few other places. Where would you like to travel?", "Wow. I so envy you. I'd like to start out with a few places where they speak English and the customs are similar to the US. Maybe England and Scotland. I don't know. There are too many choices.", "That's a good idea. However more and more people speak English now so it is much easier to travel.  You have a lot of options.  There are so many interesting and beautiful places in the world.", "Very true... and I have my phone to help me with translations."], ["Have you thought more about travelling?  What are your ideas these days?", "Yes, I am doing some research about Scotland the last couple days. It seems like a really nice place to visit.", "I have traveled to Eruope, but I have never been to Scotland. It looks like a nice place, if the weather is good.", "I agree. I might be going next month looks like it is one of the less rainy months so hopefully I can get out and see some castles.", "I wonder what the pizza in Scotland is like. I've heard that the Scots like to deep-fry everything. Deep-fried pizza? 1,000 calories / slice! LOL", "When in Rome right. I will be sure to try that if they have it. Who doesn't like deep fried or pizza.", "The two together, plus some tasty beverage. What's the drinking age in Scotland? You just got out of high school, but you can probably drink in Scotland.", "Not sure, but I think it is 17. Wonder if they will still sell it to me with me being an American. I think I might very Paris after I get back from Scotland.", "They don't care about your nationality, just your age. You'll have a passport, you can prove your age. Paris also has a pretty young drinking age, if I remember correctly. Paris is a great place! What do you want to do there?", "I would like to see the Eiffel Tower for one. Is there anything else I should see while I am there.", "I went on a food tour run by an American expat. Toured around Montmartre, the area where van Gogh lived for a while. Went to a bunch of restaurants. Basically, try to eat until you explode. No other food is comparable.", "I might have to look into that when I go. After Scotland probably have to come back and work for awhile at my shop. She wants me to know that money doesn't grow on trees and I need to earn my way."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a US Marines veteran.", "My favorite hobby is scuba diving.", "I am an only child.", "I have two pet snakes.", "I have been to Hawaii before and am going again. I will stay in Hawaii for 8 days. I will go see Volcanoes, kayak, and visit other islands in hawaii.", "I do not know how to bake well. I am a pescatarian.  I mostly avoid gluten. My fiance has no dietary restrictions.  I like to cook.", "I'm traveling to Hawaii next weekend.", "I like to go kayaking. It's a very relaxing activity and not very difficult. It's good for nature-watching, too.", "I like to go scuba diving, too. I've been doing it for several years. It's great but expensive."], "partner_persona": ["My father was in the Navy.", "I have no hobbies.  I am an only child.", "I have two dogs named Bounty and Snickers.", "I am French. I went to school in France and Spain for baking. I am a baker. I like to eat burgers and fries. I like the veggie burgers in California.", "I have not been to Hawaii but would like to.", "  I work in a kitchen. I am practicing gluten free recipes. My boyfriend is gluten free.", "I have no dietary restrictions.  I love all different cuisines.  I do not like spicy foods.", "I've never gone kayaking but I would like to. My upper arm strength is not that great.", "I find the water to be very relaxing. I've never gone scuba diving."], "current_conv": ["I'm so excited about my Hawaii trip -- it's almost here!", "I know, I'm so excited for you! Are you planning to go scuba diving while you're there?", "Yes, I will definitely go at least once. Hawaii is a great place to view fish in their natural habitat. I have saved enough money for some time under the water.", "I figured that you did. As you know, I'd love to go scuba diving some day, but I have to admit, seeing fish and other possibly scary things up close like that kind of freaks me out a little. lol!", "First time I went, I freaked a bit. Wild animals everywhere! They might get curious but they are not keen on confronting you. Humans are weird and strange and not appetizing. Don't worry! Tourists are not on their menu.", "With my luck, I'd meet a shark who was the outlier. lol! So are you staying at any of the same places that you did the last time you went to Hawaii?", "I liked the place I stayed at last time, but I want to see some new things as well. Summer time is not as popular for tourists, who usually come when the weather is cold elsewhere. I got a pretty good deal on a hotel.", "I've heard it's pretty expensive, so that's good. I would hope that you'd get some kind of military discount. I know my dad used to get that whenever we'd travel. ", "There are a lot of jarheads and other military types there. I get along with most of them. Some bars are run for military. ", "I'm sure. My dad used to sneak me into the local American Legion bar sometimes when I was a kid! lol!", "That's a good dad! A kid is never too young to start down the road to perdition. LOL", "Well, as an only-child I got spoiled a bit. lol!"], "history_conv": [["Hello!", "Hi..", "What's your occupation? I am a veteran for the us marine.", "I'm a baker. My father was in the navy.", "Oh I see, so you like to bake. My favorite hobby is to go scuba diving.", "I do not have hobby. But I'm only child. Do you have brothers and sisters.", "I am an only child as well! Do you have any pets by any chance?", "I have two dogs name bounty and snickers..", "Instead of dogs I have two snakes I keep as pets!", "Okay. I did go to school for baking in france and spain.", "Ah I see! I've been to hawaii and it's quite nice there..", "I here it was nice out there. I like to eat burgers and fries, how about you."], ["I decided to book another trip to Hawaii so I can go scuba diving there again.", "That's great! When are you going?", "I'm going next weekend and staying for around eight days. Have you ever been to Hawaii yourself?", "No, I haven't traveled anywhere else since studying baking in Europe. Would love to go though. What else will you do in Hawaii?", "I am going to go to a few of the different islands, see different volcanoes, and my fiance and I have discussed renting a kayak for a day. Otherwise, we plan to relax! What do you like to do on vacation?", "I love to eat, since I'm in the kitchen so much. I've been working on a new recipe.", "That's exciting. I need to learn more about baking. I'm sure you've learned all about it through your studies. What type of recipe are you working on?", "I'm working on some gluten free varieties. My boyfriend doesn't eat gluten, so I need to make these for him. Do you have dietary restrictions?", "I'm a pescatarian, so the only meat I eat comes from fish. Also, I try to avoid gluten for the most part, but I eat it sometimes. Do you have any restrictions yourself?", "No, I can't! I love all different cuisines so it would be so limiting for me. I can't handle very spicy food though. What about your fiance?", "My fiance doesn't follow any restrictions either, but I cook a lot of food for him so he ends up not eating much meat. What country has the best burgers you've had?", "Hm, California has some very good veggie burgers that you can't find in Europe. The French love their meats."], ["I have been working hard on planning my Hawaii trip for next weekend.  I think I want to start packing slowly so I don't forget anything", "Ah, sounds like you have a busy itinerary! Will you need to take a lot of equipment with you?", "I don't think so! it's easier to rent things there because of the cost of trying to fly with too much stuff.", "That's true. Have you been kayaking before?", "I have been! I love it. it's so relaxing. do you like to kayak?", "I've never tried it, but I'd love to one day! Is it difficult to do?", "nope! it's honestly more about confidence than anything. it's NOT very likely you'll tip over, so if you just climb in and learn how to row, you should be good to go. I think it's much easier than most folks suppose it will be! it's nice if you like to nature-watch; you can just go along the shore and look at the life you see as you go", "Ah really! I love the idea of floating peacefully along the shore, looking at the wildlife. I wasn't sure if I had the upper arm strength to go very far", "you'd be surprised how easy the rowing is! it's like biking, where one good push will send you sailing for quite a ways. and if you're on still water, you can always just rest and sit still too. it's easier than you'd think. :-) are you a fan of being out on the water?", "Oh wow, that puts my mind at ease, thank you! I am, yes - it's always so impressive and peaceful out on the water. I've not been scuba diving before though - how long have you been scuba diving for?", "several years, now -- I was SO SCARED at first! but once you learn to trust the equipment, as long as you're not reckless, it is no less or more scary than an airplane. it was an expensive hobby to learn but there's nothing like it once you get hooked lol", "Oh I bet! What's the most exciting thing you've seen underwater?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going on vacation to the coast.", "I like walking along the beach.", "I like to hike in the mountains. I haven't been to the Amazon Rain Forest. I would like to visit the Amazon Rain Forest for a couple of weeks.", "I have traveled with an animal before. I am knowledgeable about dogs.", "I speak fluent Spanish. I recently traveled to Barcelona. I was in Spain for leisure. I love tappas. I like to eat food from Spain.", "I am booking a BMB for the Amazon trip.", "I have an older dog."], "partner_persona": ["I love the coast. I love the outdoors.", "My dog is a pitbull. My pitbull goes with me outdoors. I have an amazing and trustworthy pet sitter that owns a pitbull also.  I like to hike or go to the beach with my pitbull.", "I like spending time in the woods, forests, and mountains.", "My favorite place to visit is the Amazon Rain Forest and I have been there three years ago. I volunteered with some clean up committees. I would not take my dog with me to the Amazon Rain Forest.", "I have not been to Spain but I want to go.", "I like to eat local cuisine when I travel. I go to little street shops and restaurants.", "I like to go hiking."], "current_conv": ["I'm looking forward to some great hiking when we go to the Amazon.", "I am also looking forward to it! It will be amazing to return and see all of the trees and animals again. I am looking forward to the possibilty of seeing some new wildlife, maybe meet some aboriginie tribesmen. What are you looking forward to the most?", "I'm looking forward to feeding chicken carcasses to the piranhas in the river! It's fun to watch those fish go crazy for meat. ", "Have you done that before? ", "I have, but not in the Amazon River. I imagine the piranhas are even feistier there.", "I haven't done that before, but it could be an experience I'd enjoy, I guess we shall see lol. I know the hippos in the river are very territorial and we have to pay close attention to them. Have you gotten your vaccinations yet? Ive just scheduled mine for the week before we leave", "Oh, I totally forgot about those! I'll need to schedule those right away. I wonder if I need to vaccinate my dog as well.", "I would check with the vet, and the airline. There may be different requirements for him to be able to fly as well as travel through customs. I hope its a simple process for you", "Makes sense. I hope it's painless for us as well. What else should I bring? I'm blanking out at the moment.", "Hiking boots lol. Mosquito netting, non-fragrenced hygeine products, lightweight clothes. I'm packing my journal and a sketchbook, but cannot decide on splurging on a digital camera.", "Those are all necessary items. I think you should go for the digital camera. It's an experience worth documenting in high-res.", "Thanks, that was my thought line too. Do you have one for your travels? Any recommendations? "], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doing today?", "I'm doing well, just playing with my dog. How are you?", "Fine, getting ready for the weekend on the coast.", "I love the coast. Just pretty much the outdoors in general.", "Yeah I like walking along the beach, what type of dog do you have?", "It's a pitbull. I know a lot of people have concerns, but I'm pretty go-with-the-flow.", "As long as animals are trained correctly that would be oka.", "Yeah, and we spend most of our time outdoors anyway.", "Same as me, I like to hike in the mountains, where do you go?", "To the woods, forests, or mountains.", "Back to nature is always good, anywhere I particular?", "My favorite has been the amazon rain forest.", "Neat. I would like to visit there too since I speak spanish fluently.", "That would be really cool. What's stopping you?"], ["When you visit the Amazon Rain Forest, what do you do with your pitbull?", "I have an amazing pet sitter who I trust.  She actually is an owner of another pitbull.  The two dogs really enjoy playing together.", "Thats good to hear. I know traveling with animals can be tough. Do other people visiting the rainforest take their animals?", "To be honest I haven't seen any.  I don't thing you take your pet on a adventure like that.  I like taking my dog when I go hiking or going to the beach.", "Those are great places for dogs. Do you train them any?", "No. My dog sitter stepped up again and trained my dog. She is a certified dog trainer. I was there to watch. It is pretty cool how with the right approach one can teach animals so many things.", "I think its also cool that the animals become so healthy and happy after. Some breeds need direction and order to feel like they are doing a good job and being a good dog. Its nice that you give that attention to yours.", "Thanks! Have you traveled anywhere recently?", "I was in barcelona for a few weeks a couple months ago.", "That's so cool. How long did you stay? Was it for work or leisure? I haven't been to Spain yet but it is on my list.", "I went for leisure. I love the tappas and all the food you can find.", "I always like to try local foods when I travel. I think little street shops and restaurants are adorable. They usually serve the most authentic food."], ["I have been researching the Amazon Rain Forest a lot the last few days and I think I am ready to book a trip there.  Do you want to come with me?", "I would love to. How long will we stay?", "That depends. How long would your pet sitter be available to watch your pitbull? I was thinking a couple of weeks!", "She walks him everyday so, a couple of weeks would not be a problem. Would we stay in a hotel or a BNB in the forest?", "That is up to you! I have yet to book the location since I wanted to work out some of the details with you first. Do you have a preference?", "A BNB near the forest would provide hiking activities. We could see much more of the area with a travel guide.", "That sounds good. I'll get on that! I'm in the process of booking a BNB online as we speak! As close to the forest as possible! How do I go about finding a travel guide?", "We could speak with the BNB owner and share our activities list. They would know how to plan a fun filled trip in the area.", "Wonderful! I'd love to take in the suggestions of the BNB owner, and of course, visit any of your favorite areas from your previous trip. How long has it been since the last time you visited the Amazon rain forest?", "It has been over 3 years now. I enjoyed volunteering with local clean up activities for the sake of the environment. We could commit a day for that as well. If you are bring a pet, we should check out local pet sitters as well. I wont be bringing my pet.", "Normally I would bring my dog, but they are getting older and I would worry about taking them for long hikes, and wouldn't want to leave them on their own either. I'm not sure your pet sitter would be a great match since she has a pitbull and also would be watching yours, but I'll definitely look into other pet sitters in the meanwhile. Good thinking!", "No problem. Let me know what you find and the cost."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite game is League of Legends. I like watching football on a gaming app. I am a professional gamer. I make good money.", "Cheetos are my favorite food.", "I am going to be in a National gaming tournament. I have participated in local gaming tournaments before. I stream video games without showing my face.", "I like the Bears. I also like Manchester United. I have been to a soccer match before.", "I got second place and won a fairly big cash prize at the gaming tournament yesterday. I did well this time and had my best game, although the competition was fierce. I have seen the same people at the last three tournaments I've attended.", "I like fantasy RPG style games."], "partner_persona": ["I do not play video games. I am blonde.", "I like the outdoors.", "I work in therapeutic treatment. My mom worked in therapeutic treatment. I do massage and acupuncture.", "My favorite food is pizza. I like eating Cheetos.", "The Bears is my favorite NFL team. I loved Cutler when he played for the Bears. I have never been to a soccer match. I have been to a soccer field before.", "I go to acupuncture, I believe it works.", "I am unfamiliar with fantasy RPG styles games."], "current_conv": ["What about the Bears make them your favorite NFL team? They happen to be my favorite as well. ", "I just think they not only have a love of the game, but they seem like such an outgoing group and you can really tell they put their best foot forward every game!", "I agree. They play a really great game also. I am hoping to get tickets for the next game", "Have you been to a lot of their games before? Who is your favorite player?", "I have been to a couple. I really like the quarterback right now. What is your favorite player.", "I don't really have one yet, I loved Cutler but i haven't loved many of them as much as him yet! Do you prefer watching live games over television?", "Live is ok, but it seems to take longer for some reason. Plus with on television I can use commercials to get snacks.", "I bet the snacks are a lot cheaper too then at the live games! I have heard they can get expensive, but I have never been so I may be wrong, what do you think? ", "Yeah, last time I went it cost me like $20 for some nachos and a soda. Crazy, but it can be fun.", "Yeah one of those splurges but worth it. I'd probably be sneaking snacks in if I ever went, or eating until I felt like I could explode pre-game!", "You got to get at least 1 snack at the game. It is all part of the experience.", "I feel like you gotta get a hot dog and a beer, I have no idea why but it just seems like the stadium experience. What was your first snack experience at your first game? DId you have like a moment of I dont know why but this , this is the snack?"], "history_conv": [["Hey! I love playing video games. How about you? Got a favorite game?", "I don't think blonde play video games.", "Aw you should try league of legends - it's my favorite!", "Well, I guess I love the outdoors like watching football match.", "Awesome - sometimes I watch football on my new gaming laptop. Just got it last month.", "Okay, what do you do for a living though?", "I'm a professional gamer, making some serious cash with my champion alistar. You?", "I get that I am into therapeutic treatment. I think I got that from my mom.", "Like massage and acupuncture? Sounds cool - meet a lot of interesting people?", "Of course yes, amazing people come in for treatment. Do you have any favorite food?.", "Cheetos all the way man! Not so healthy but cheesily delicious. How bout you?", "Just call me pizza and I will answer you."], ["I was invited a couple days ago to play in a gaming tournament for Nationals and am so excited but equally nervous.", "Is it your first time in a tourney?", "I have had some local tournaments but nothing national! It is a competitive area so usually I just stream my games. It is nice to sit back and eat Cheetos without having to have some sort of image while playing.", "I like Cheetos too! They should make a Cheetos pizza and then we'd both be in heaven. Who's your favorite football team?", "Right, that would be AMAZING!!!! Depends on if you are talking American football then I am a bears fan but if you like it across the pond then I like Manchester United. How about you?", "Da Bears all the way! Hopefully Justin Fields is all he's hyped up to be.", "As long as he doesnt turn out to be another Cutler! That guy spent more time acting injured than actually playing. I bet the team therapists hated working with him!", "Ha I loved Cutler. I think if we had him a couple of years ago we would have gone far. But I get why most people hate him. I have never been to a soccer match. Are they fun?", "So much fun. They are much more physical than you would think and no pads to protect them. You get the occasional person who throws themselves down and acts like it was someone else. Have you ever been to soldier field?", "Yep, many times. The Fire play there so I should go.", "Yeah, they arent doing too well. I think they are way down in the rankings. How long have you been doing acupuncture? Does it really help?", "Well if it didn't I wouldn't do it. It depends on whether you believe it helps or not. I believe in it, so it works for me. Maybe it would help you be less stressed about your tourney."], ["I went to the gaming tournament yesterday, and it went really well. I felt a bit nervous, but I was able to get in the zone during the game. I ended up getting second place, and winning a fairly big cash prize.", "that's so exciting! what types of game did you play?", "We played LoL. League of Legends. It's probably my best game. I did well this time, but the competition was pretty fierce.", "that's really cool. tell me more about LOL!", "It's a game in which your team can battle other teams. You pick different races/characters with different abilities. It's fun if you like fantasy RPG style games.", "oh that's cool! do you like, have to make up the story as you go along?", "No, it's not like that at gaming tournaments. Players battle each other, gain points, and advance to later rounds. I saw the same faces this time as the last three tournaments.", "how do you do a battle in it? do you come equipped with resources etc?", "Players pick stock characters. The playing starts pretty level for everyone. There are some items strewn about the battleground, some hidden away, others in plain sight.", "how do you move around the battleground? sorry for so many questions; i'm just unfamiliar", "It's a real time game, so with a joystick or keyboard keys. You can talk to teammates via mic or chat.", "ohhh okay! I think i thought it was a tabletop game"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I babysit my grandkids sometimes. I have 8 grandkids. I am an introvert. I babysit my grand kids four days in a week. I watch Jeopardy with my grand kids. I also like to cook for them.", "I love reading. The last book I read was \"The Shack\".", "I like to tease.", "I watch several things on Netflix. from various genres. I like to binge watch things with 3.5 stars or more."], "partner_persona": ["I have a young son.", "I love reading. The last book I read was a book about elephants in the wild. I am interested in animals.", "I have fond memories for my grandma's cooking.", "I tend to fall asleep when I watch TV.", "I am sometimes too tired to take a bath. My son will be in preschool next year. I am married."], "current_conv": ["What book are you planning on reading next?", "It is a book about rhinos and the awful poaching that is still being done.  I know it will be a difficult read, but so important to be educated about if you love animals.", "Wow! That sounds pretty intense! Of course The Shack was intense too, but in a different way. ", "What was it about again? Have they made it into a show yet?", "The made it into a movie. Octavia Spencer plays God! It's about a guy who faces God, Jesus and The Holy Spirit in the shack where his daughter was murdered.", "Wow!  As a mother, I do not know if I could handle the book or the show!  Maybe as my son grows older, but it is hard just to know he wont be around as much next year.  :(", "Do you stay home with him? He's going to love being around kids his own age!", "He is at home with me, but you are right.  He is such a social butterfly and not a fear in the world.  I might be a mess, but I know he will love it.", "How often does he go? Just a couple days a week or every day?", "It will be three days a week for three hours.  I think I can manage though.  I think I might volunteer at the animal shelter when he starts.  ", "When I'm not watching my grandkids, I use the quiet to take a nap! But volunteering is a great idea too!", "I may have to consider the same.  How did you handle your own children getting older?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "Good. How are you?", "Im okay. I think? Lol my grandkids just let. So im tired.", "I just put my son down to sleep. So I know the feeling.", "I have 8 grankids. Im a pretty quiet person. They, are full of energy :).", "What do you do in your spare time?", "I love reading books. And I really like netflix.", "I\u2019m a big reader myself. It\u2019s one of my favorite things to do.", "I recently read \"the shack\". What did you read last?", "I read a book about elephants in the wild. I\u2019m fascinated by animals.", "My grankids are kind of like animals lol. Just teasing.", "That\u2019s funny. I can definitely relate."], ["Just woke up from a nap! Finally feeling refreshed; a weekend with the grandkids took it out of me. Think I'm going to go to the library to see if they have any new books.", "I can imagine how draining that can be.  Even running around my son is so tiring.  How often do you babysit your grandkids?", "About four days of the week. and most weekends. Their parents are very busy and since there are so many I usually have one hanging around somewhere or other.", "Wow that's impressive. Aren't you tired? I am sure they keep you pretty busy!", "Most of them are old enough to be able to work the TV, computer, or a bicycle. Or we just hang out and watch Jeopardy. The busiest time is the weekend when I cook. Everyone loves to come and raid my fridge.", "That's so cool.  I remember enjoying my grandma's food when I was young.  When I close my eyes, I can still taste it.  I am sure they are so thankful to have you.  And they keep you company, I guess. What are you watching on Netflix these days?", "Right now Im going through the genres and just watching the ones over 3.5 stars. Ive kind of run out of stuff. Too much binge watching.", "Haha that's a good problem to have.  My son wakes up early and we stay pretty busy throughout the day. When I finally have time to watch tv, I usually fall asleep.", "Sounds about right for parenthood. Its just a mess of chores, school, and other schedules and at the end of it all you want to do is be able to take a bath at your leisure once in a while.", "Sometimes I am too tired even for a bath haha But the kids grow up so fast and I like keeping him entertained. He is going to preschool next year so hopefully I will have more time to myself.", "Thats so exciting. Have you started thinking about school supplies. They are cheaper at the end of the year and we are just about at that time of the year.", "Good to know. I will check out local stores or order them online. I might message the teacher and ask her what they will need. Do you have any plans for summer?"], ["I ended up finding a good 3.5 star movie on Netflix two days ago, and my grand kids really liked it. I was thinking you should give it a watch, although it might not be suitable for your son. I can give you the name so you can look it up.", "I would be interested in the movie as long as it's not rated R or mature.", "Yeah it definitely wasn't rated R if I let my grandkids watch it haha.  What kinds of movies does your pre-schooler like to watch?", "He has liked the Toy Story movies, Beauty and the Beast, The Lion King, just to name a few. I usually buy them on DVD once the prices drop or they go on sale.", "That's a good way to do it.  I have 8 grandkids of all different ages so we've seen Toy Story about 900 times I think haha.  Which one is his favorite?", "I don't think he has a favorite, but he definitely loves Woody! We were watching Jeopardy together Friday and saw the Tournament of Champions. We miss Alex.", "Aw man, me too.  :-(  I've watched Jeopardy my whole life and he's an irreplaceable figure.  Who do you think might end up being the new host?", "Some people are saying LeVar Burton might be the next host, but I like Aaron Rogers actually.", "I haven't seen any of the Aaron Rogers episodes.  I know LeVar Burton was publicly saying he really wanted the job.  I think he could be pretty great at it.  I also wouldn't mind Ken Jennings too terribly.  But LeVar Burton feels like a really good choice to me.", "Ken Jennings did a great job as guest host. He was very personable, funny and engaging. My wife likes him a lot.", "Yep, I loved watching his historic streak, so maybe it's a nostalgia thing.  I know Ken is a big reader, so was Alex.  That was one of the reasons I got so into books growing up.", "That's a great memory for you then. Someone who gave you the drive or fascination with books. Reading and education is so important to a successful life and career. I try to instill that in my son."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play the drums. I am in a band. I write songs for other people.", "M dad owns a surf shop. I visit my parents often.", "I watch shows on Netflix and Hulu.", "I was raised on the beach. I enjoy surfing.", "I have written a new song recently. I plan on marketing my song to Netflix for one of their shows.", "I don't like to sing or hear my voice. I chose drums to play in my new song.", "I plan on playing with my band on a gig downtown in a couple of weeks.", "I know someone that works at Netflix."], "partner_persona": ["I like to watch netflix and Hulu. I spend a lot of time watching Tv and movies.", "I have 8 children. They do not live with me.", "I prefer indoor activities. I am reserved. i enjoy the tv series all about nothing. I like watching content on Netflix and Hulu.", "I am considering going to see a band with my kids in a couple of weeks.", "I am going to learn how to surf."], "current_conv": ["When will you next have your kids over for a visit?", "Next weekend - we are going to a concert. I am excited. Now that they are older, they are doing their own things. It'll be nice to see everyone again.", "That sounds really enjoyable.  What concert are you going to attend?", "We are seeing Breaking Benjamin and a bunch of others. It's a rock/metal music festival.", "Wow, that sounds like a great time.  Is it going to be your whole clan?  How long has it been since you've all been together?", "It's probably been 9 months since we've all been together in one place, so it's really exciting! Are you playing any gigs this weekend? I'd love to come out and see you play.", "I'd love to have you come.  We're still rehearsing though for that gig in about 10 days.  These things can fall through at the last minute, though, so I'm not yet banking on it happening.  But we are scheduled.", "That's awesome. I'm sure once you do one, then others will want you to play and then you won't know what to do, you'll have so many gigs!", "Haha!  That would certainly be a nice problem to have!  Although I do wonder how much I'd struggle to keep writing if I were playing a ton of gigs.  I've always had a pretty good balance of performing and writing so far.", "That's tricky. Well after a year of playing out, take some time of to write and then go back at it! Isn't that what the \"professionals' do... well, I mean the ones that actually write their own songs.", "Yes, I think most of them do work that way, although some find time to compose on the road.  I'm not sure I'd be able to do that, but you never know. Again, it's not something I currently have to worry about!", "Like you said, it'd be a good problem to have. I wish you the best of luck!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! What do you like to do in your free time?", "I watch a lot of hulu and netflix.", "Nice. I play drums for my band, someone else sings my original songs though.", "Oh cool. My children come and visit often. The have 8 kids too!", "Wow! I visit my parents often, dad owns a surf shop.", "That sounds fun. But I am reserved and preferred indoor things.", "We are definitely opposites! I was raised on the beach & surf mornings.", "Well age is also catching up with me for the golden years!", "I understand that. I'm sure I'll be that way eventually too.", "That is why I enjoy hulu and netflix so much!", "Do you have favorite shows?", "I like the series all about nothing."], ["I wrote a brand new song, are you interested in hearing it?", "Absolutely! What kind of song is it?", "Its a work in progress but it starts out very slow and gradually works up. I am going to try to market it to netflix for one of their series openers!", "That would be amazing! I can just picture myself settling down to watch a show and hearing your song blasting through my tv. Is the song written for a male or female voice? Maybe you should finally try to sing!", "Ha, nobody wants to hear me sing! That is why I chose drums, so it drowns out my voice if i were to even try! The song itself could be sang by any gender but I am hoping to get a big name on it.", "Well make sure you write an awesome drum solo into the song then! I'm sure your dad is super proud. He could play your music in his surf shop.", "I am sure he would. Do one of your kids sing? Maybe I could help get their foot in the door if I can start getting this thing produced soon.", "Well I've certainly heard a few of them singing loud in the shower! I'll tell them about your offer and I'm sure their eyes will light up.", "LOL I hope so. I know you prefer staying in but I think the band will be playing downtown in a couple of weeks. You should come out. Maybe one of the kids can join and we can try them out.", "I'll think about it! I bet I'll be the oldest person there. Just don't tell my kids that you surf or they'll be begging you to help them with that next!", "I am sure I can convince dad to give them a good deal at his shop. He still has the place on the beach too so if all goes well maybe we can head out and surf some before the gig. Dont worry, we have netflix and hulu for you to binge on while we surf.", "Netflix and Hulu? Well I'm convinced! Maybe you could even play a little impromptu concert on the beach."], ["I talked with my dad a couple of hours ago, and he said it should be all good for us to go to his part of the beach before the gig. He even said he would be happy to lend you some gear so you and your kids can surf with me.", "Sounds great! You'll have to teach us if that's okay. I'm excited to see you and to spend time with my kids.", "Oh, it's not problem at all. I had a cool uncle who taught me how to surf, and I'd be glad to pass on my passion to others.", "I have a quirky aunt. She's the best. Your uncle sounds pretty cool. How is your song going?", "Well I really enjoy it, but it's been tough finding someone who wants it for their show. One of the executives at Netflix insisted someone would be interested sooner or later, so I'm still hopeful. I think it's just a matter of waiting for the right match.", "I've heard it's all about who you know so it's good that you're in touch with someone at Netflix. I'm running out of shows and need to find something new. It's been a gloomy rainy day and I want to get absorbed in a good show to relax.", "Yeah, it seems you're really into that sort of thing. Do you think you'll be comfortable surfing?", "If I start slow. I need to expand my horizons a bit and get outdoors more often. I want to try surfing.", "That's good. I'm sure your kids will enjoy spending the time with you. It'd also be a challenge to look after 8 kids all by myself! I don't know how you do it.", "Well, they're not with me that often. I think that's why I got so into watching movies and tv shows. But, it's not good to think so much. I think getting out more will improve my mood.", "Yeah I'm sure. Surfing always improves my mood at least. I can't wait to see you all soon!", "Definitely looking forward to it!  Can't wait to see you."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like flying kites.", "I have a pet bearded dragon and a pet raccoon.", "I work as a zoo keeper. I recommend that people adopt raccoons.", "I found the raccoon in my backyard and have had her for a year. My raccoon lives in my house. I named the raccoon Rose.", "I have a bearded dragon who lives in a tank."], "partner_persona": ["I love painting. I love music.", "I like taking my dog for walks.", "I don't have a boss, because I am self-employed. I am an artist. I don't have a lot of money. I paint absurdist art.", "I am looking for animals to adopt. I am not used to wild animals. I like raccoons. I love animals. I like the idea of getting a pet raccoon. I have a dog. I had a cat named Rose. I named her after Eleanor Roosevelt."], "current_conv": ["The raccoon and the bearded dragon are still not friends, but the raccoon is exploring the backyard even more. ", "Aw good! Have you taught Rose any new tricks?", "Yes! I am trying to teach her to bring me the remote when I sit down in my living room. She gets the trick right about half of the time, lol. Have you painted anything new?", "That is a far cry from not trying to interfere with her natural ways, but I love it! Wish my dog would do that! I have painted something new! Hard to explain; it is all about the colors. I wanted to do a self portrait of my aura as told to me by someone else.", "That sounds like quite the abstract challenge! Did you use one color more than others?", "Oh yes, a blend of orange and pink. It almost looks like a sunset. My aura is rocking if I do say so myself. Do you know what yours looks like?", "Red and orange fits you somehow! I have thought about my aura several times before and I feel that it is very blue and green. To my that would be the colors that symbolize at peace with nature.", "That sounds lovely! I bet you could meet with someone online who can tell you via web cam. Technology is wild, isn't it? Hey! Do you think the bearded dragon and Rose might get along if you let them play together in the backyard? That way they have plenty of space.", "Hm, that is an interesting idea... I have a pen that I can set up for the bearded dragon outside. Later today I can put him in that and then bring Rose in to see what she thinks. Does your cat go outside or does she stay inside?", "Please do! Mainly, I want to see pics. I have an idea for a painting forming. My Rose went wherever she pleased. We think that led to her demise though. Coyotes about here!", "I'm sorry, I didn't know that. We don't have predators in my area, except for the occasional stray dog so I didn't even think about the danger. I will definitely take pictures of Rose with the dragon this evening!", "That is good. I am glad Rose has a home she can feel safe in. Does she get in your trash?"], "history_conv": [["Hello fellow! Tell me about yourself.", "I love to paint and I love music..", "My free time I like to fly my kite out in the wind.", "That is good, I guess you want to experience a life of freedom.", "Do you like animals by any chance?", "Well I like taking my dog for a work sometimes.", "Oh you have a dog? My pets are a bearded dragon and a racoon.", "That is not bad, it seems everyone like a dog...lol.", "I'm asking about animals because I as a zoo keeper..", "Oh I see, can you recommend some animal to adopt?", "A pet racoon like mine! They are pretty tamed.", "Okay, I have not been used to any wild animal. Do you have a boss?", "Yes I do. The animals own me.", "That's pretty funny, I do not have one myself?"], ["Why don't you have a boss? Do you work for yourself?", "Yep, I'm self employed. I'm an artist so I don't make much money and I'm always working but I wouldn't have it any other way.", "That is pretty admirable, I must say. So what kind of art do you do?", "I mostly paint absurdist art but I like to experiment every once in a while. Hey, how's your raccoon doing? I love that chunky guy.", "He's doing so great! He's really adjusting well. I love him too. You should get one!", "Haha I have a feeling he'd get into trouble but I'd be ok with that. Who knows, maybe I could get mine to paint?", "They are highly trainable and no matter what anyone else says.. I think they are man's best friend. You love animals, I bet you'd love one.", "Ok, you've convinced me! Let me know if you ever find another raccoon to rescue. He or she would have a loving home.", "That would be amazing! You should definitely take a video if you teach it to paint. I think that would be hilarious!", "That would be a viral video for sure! It makes me smile just thinking about having a raccoon hanging out with me.", "They are pretty entertaining. Also, it might become your dog's best friend too. Ya never know!", "Haha good point. Man's best friends should be able to get along well!"], ["My pet raccoon just learned a new trick!", "That is wild. What is the trick?", "She will stand for a piece of cheese. Isnt that funny?", "Truly, it is. How did you end up getting this racoon?", "I actually found her playing in my backyard. I asked a veterinarian could i keep one. He suggested checking her out at the doctor's first and she has been with me over a year now.", "That is some kind of pet. Does she learn tricks easily?", "She is considered a wild animal and exotic pet. So, I dont interfere with her natural personality for this reason. But, when I called to her she comes. I let her out in an enclosed backyard and she stays near the house.", "What did you name her?", "Rose because she is so cute.", "I once had a cat named Rose. It was short for First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. How does she get along with the bearded dragon? I assume they don't interact much.", "No...I don't put them together. She doesnt try to get in his tank. I am not too worried about that.", "That is good. Lizard and Racoon seem like a bad match."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm in a band. I play the drums. I write Indie music.", "I like watching sunsets at the beach.", "My favorite breakfast food is bacon. I like to surf.I am scared of big waves while surfing.  I visit my dad's surf shop. I plan on surfing next week.", "I work as an aerospace engineer during the day.", "Aerosmith is my favorite band. I like GunsNRoses. I like pop music.  I like maroon 5."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite breakfast food is poached eggs.", "I love my dad's old blue dodge truck.", "I have to climb up 32 flights of stairs sometimes to get to my apartment room. Once I did it because the elevator broke down.", "I love listening to rock music. My favorite rock band is Aerosmith.", "I work as a part-time plumber. I am considering working the job full-time.", "I would love to break in a new surf board that I just got. I like to surf during the sunset. I like watching sunsets.", "I have a new Wavestorm board. I love it and have waxed it.", "I have encountered many big waves while surfing .", "I love GunsNRoses. I like pop rock music. I like maroon 5, bon jovi and u2."], "current_conv": ["I braved up and made it out on the waves!", "Nice! And it was not too scary was it?", "It was a little scary, but I think I am mostly afraid of ocean life, things like sharks and the occasional seaweed. I always get freaked out when something touches my foot in the water.", "Oh yeah, I know that feeling. You do have to stay aware, but ocean life does not usually want to mess with us.", "That's true, but for me, it's nerve-wracking when I can't see what I am in. I have always been afraid. But I am sure the more I try surfing, the more relaxed I will fee.", "Certainly! And, honestly, being attacked by a shark is not the worst thing in the world. Great for storytelling! People look up to you after that!", "That's true - being in a band is a good way to pick up dates, but being bit by a shark.... :)", "Hahaha for real. I am not even sad that I lost my foot! The prosthetic is actually pretty great!"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hello, I work part time as a plumber, how about you?", "I'm in a band and I play the drums.", "That's interesting. My feet pound like a drum after climbing 32 flights of stairs.", "Wow. I do write songs for people and for myself..", "Thats pretty cool! I missed tonight's sunset, they sure are pretty in the summer.", "I do love the sunset when I grew up at the beach..", "What's your favorite breakfast food? I like to eat poached eggs.", "I like bacon in the morning. I do love to surf in the morning..", "Me too! Hope I can get there in the morning.", "The best part is that my father owns a surf shop.", "Only thing my dad owned was an old blue dodge truck. I still love that truck."], ["I'm curious about why you climb up 32 flights of steps. Do you live on the top floor of an apartment building?", "Yes i do and one time the elevator broke down so i had to take the stairs.", "I see! Did you have shopping to carry?", "Luckily I didn't. I don't think i would have made it. What genre of songs do you write?", "I write indie music. What is your favourite music?", "I love rock music.. Aerosmith is my band. Are you in a band full time? Or do you have a day job?", "I love Aerosmith! I just do it part time, day to day I work as an engineer", "That's great. what kind of engineer are you? You've got to pay the bills .", "I do aerospace work. Definitely! How is the plumbing going at the moment?", "It's not bad. i am thinking of doing it full time . Hey, when next are you going surfing? I'd like to come along.", "Ah great. I should be going next week, you'd be welcome to come along", "Amazing. I've got a new surf board I'd like to break in.. Sunset is the best time to surf."], ["Its good to hear that you got yourself a new board. What brand is it, and have you had the chance to wax it properly?", "It's a Wavestorm. Really cool cause it has bright yellow, red and green stripes. I love it and have waxed it. Now I can't wait to go break it in.", "Nice, I would like to go surfing at my local beach but I am scared of being swept away in the big waves! Have you ever encountered a large wave while surfing?", "Many times. I've found it's best to just go with it and not freak out. That way my body doesn't tense up and I don't get hurt. You should try surfing. Just start slow. Or, you could join me.", "I have plans to go surfing next week with my dad who runs a surf shop. I've always had a passion for surfing but am still getting used to the roughness.", "I bet your dad will love that you're spending time with him.", "For sure! We actually spend a lot of time listening to Aerosmith together as it is our favorite band. What is your favorite music to listen to?", "Aerosmith is my jam. I pretty much love all rock. I also love Guns N' Roses. How is your writing going? Any new music?", "My writing with Indie music is going great. Currently on my second piece this month. Guns N' Roses is my jam too. Rock is amazing! What is your thoughts on pop music?", "I like pop music if it's not too cheesy. I like pop rock like Maroon 5, Bon Jovi, and U2. Sometimes the lines are blurred I think as to what is pop and what is rock. Do you like pop music?", "I like pop music also. I like maroon 5 and many other bands. It was nice talking to you. Bye!", "You too! Enjoy the day!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in California. I am a mom. I have a 5 year old child. My son is scared to skateboard.", "I am 30 years old.", "I like watching healthy cooking videos. I like cooking healthy. I like watching movies with my kids.", "I like skateboarding.", "I like snakes.", "I care about skateboard safety for myself and my son. I am the oldest at the skate park."], "partner_persona": ["I am a former US Marine. I divorced my wife because she cheated on me.", "I am 27 years old. I live in Colorado.", "I like to scuba dive. I have pet snakes. I travel. I like to boat and raft.", "I have two pythons named Kate and Joann. One of my snakes is totally albino, the other snake is albino with yellow spots. I was scared of snakes when I was a kid.", "I enjoy diving."], "current_conv": ["I couldn't wait to tell you but my son landed his first trick on the skateboard yesterday! It was such a proud parent moment!!", "That's so great! I'm sure that you are so proud of him! I don't see how anyone is coordinated enough to actually skateboard. lol!", "He is much more coordinated than I was at that age. Plus he is fearless. Doesn't worry about scrapes and bruises.", "Isn't that the most important attribute of a really good skateboarder. I'm amazed at how much you guys get beat up, even the really elite ones!", "Tony Hawk is a legend and he has taken the most punishment of any of us. I don't know how he does it.", "I don't see how that man is able to walk at his age. I will admit, though, that skateboarders don't get enough credit for their fitness. I've never seen a fat, out-of-shape one.", "Very true. As long as kids have protective gear, I don't have a problem with the sport. Kids play football, why not skateboarding?", "I totally agree. It's interesting that wearing safety equipment has never seemed uncool in the skateboard world. Some wear it and some don't, but i've never heard of anyone bullying the ones that do choose to wear protection. It seems like it's a good group of folks.", "True. I thought maybe kids would get teased for safety, but after getting hurt, why wouldn't you start to wear equipment? Why keep making the same mistake? ", "I can see that. And I've got to think that before being able to land some of the harder tricks, you must land on your behind a hundred time! lol!", "At my age, there is no amount of safety equipment that would make me feel comfortable. Ah, to be young again!", "But you know how to do ALL of the moves at this point, right? lol!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! I'm a californian mom. Who are you?", "A former us marine who finally divorced from his cheating wive!", "Interesting. I'm 30. How old are you? Where are you from?", "I'm 27 from colorado. I'm fine. How are you?", "I'm good. Just watching healthy cooking videos. What do you like to do?", "I like to scuba dive, hangout with my pet snakes, and travel..", "Nice. I like healthy cooking and watching movies with my kids.", "Nice. Any more hobbies or interests for you?", "Skateboarding. 27 seems pretty young for to leave the marines.", "Plenty of people younger than me have left..", "What's the deal with your ex-wife?", "She was promiscuous and liked to cheat whenever I was gone."], ["I've decided it is time for my 5 year old to start learning how to skateboard. He keeps saying he's scared. I'm thinking of a tough love approach of taking him to the skatepark and pushing him down a ramp. Shopping for helmets and protective gear as we speak.", "Ha! Everyone has to learn at some point. A bicycle or a board. Its just a really good skill to have that will also come in handy when he flys the nest. What kind of board are you putting him on?", "Something flexible. I'm sure he'll be fine. Where do you scuba dive if you live in CO?", "We travel over to lakes and deep chasms in the rocks here. My favorite is the gorges before the mountains. The water is so cool to be in.", "Wow that must be kinda scary! Have you ever been in danger?", "There have been times where I needed to reorient myself because the light was bad. Other than that I stay in the novice areas. I would rather boat or raft in the rough scary places.", "What kind of snakes do you have?", "Two pythons from respectful breeders. Their names are Kate and Joann.", "How cute! Are they pretty?", "They are. One is totally albino and the other is albino with yellow spost.", "Very cool. I like snakes too. But I wouldn't get a python with my kid here haha.", "Yeah, I agree. When I was a kid I was too scared and had to wait to understand what animals are really like before I was brave enough to get a snake. Theyre just the same. Only way more picky about their treatent."], ["My son went to the skate park for the first time this week!", "I bet you're proud! Did you teach him any tricks, or was it too soon?", "Way too soon. But he didn't hate it, so that's progress. He says he wants to go again, so more progress. I think he had a good time.", "If he really likes it you should get him a custom board, I'd have snakes printed on mine.", "I would too! Snakes are very cool. I think I'm going to wait a few months to see if he really likes it, then I'll get him a custom board. He's only a little guy, after all.", "Oh, I love the cute kid boards! I forgot they even existed. He's got a helmet right? I'd get him some stickers for it.", "Stickers for the helmet is a great idea. Yes, he's got a helmet, elbow, wrist and knee guards, everything. I think the worst thing would be if he broke something learning how to skate. He's just now learning how to fall.", "I know you're a seasoned cook cat skater and all, but you better be wearing a helmet too. Have to lead by example with kids.", "Yep, I get that. I'm mostly there for moral support. I don't skate when I'm with him at the park. I want to be free to help him, if he needs it. As he gains confidence, then I'll bring my board.", "I'd love to see you show the other kids who's boss. Doing like 1080s and grinding like it's nothing on the tailpipe.", "You know it! The \"kids\" look at me a little funny when I'm skating, but I'm too old to care what the kids think! Ha! Hey, switching gears, have you gone diving lately?", "Why? I can't show off, there's no kid divers. No, but really I haven't found the chance to have fun lately."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I grew up in a small town. I live in the big city. I miss my hometown.", "I am single. I have three cats and two dogs.", "My pets are healthy.", "I have no children. I work at a grocery store.", "I am currently in college. I want a better job. I am studious. I work hard to reach my goals.", "I am currently undeclared. I prefer reading fiction. I enjoy reading shorter books. I go to bookstores to buy reading material.", "I am currently reading Feet of Clay. I have not read any books by Neil Gaiman.", "I have only meditated once in my life. I am interested in learning more on how to meditate."], "partner_persona": ["I am a single man. I love the outdoors. I have no children.", "I am interested in psychology.", "I like to read. I prefer to read fiction. I don't like to not finish a book.", "I live near a park and lake.", "I like Terry Pratchett's written works. The last book I have read is Neuro-Dharma.", "I like to meditate to find peace. I use the headspace app to meditate."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite book from Neil Gaiman? I am interested to know so I can read it for myself to see if I like their works.", "I don't have a favorite from Gaiman, but I just finished a Dharma book that was good.", "What does that even mean? I'm sorry for asking, but I don't know.", "You asked me what my favorite book from Neil Gaiman was, but I'm not coming up with one at the moment.", "Oh, I meant I don't know what a Dharma book is.", "Oh, oh,  he is an author and I just finished one of his books. Have you read any Terry Pratchett?", "I haven't. But I saw a show on Amazon that he did. It was good.", "Reading is almost as good as meditating to relax. I just put an app on my phone. Do you meditate?", "Not really. But I keep meaning to try. Any advice?", "download the headspace app. You will find it very relaxing.", "Do you have to pay for it?", "There is a free version I'm almost certain. As long as you don't mind the ads."], "history_conv": [["I grew up in a small town but now the big city is full of violence.", "I am a simple man as well that love the outdoors and some indoors though.", "I miss the small town I grew up in. That was the best way to grow up.", "Are you single or attached to someone?", "Only my three crazy cats and two goofy dogs. That's enough drama for me.", "Oh now it seems we are in the same kind of relationship. How are you partners doing.", "They are fine and healthy. You must be married to animals too.", "Oh yes single but not really and no children as well.", "I wouldn't be able to afford kids working in a grocery store like I do.", "Oh I see. Do you have any other hobbies, I love reading too.", "No real hobbies but I want to finish college so I can get a better job.", "Definitely you need one. Maybe we could get along someday.", "I don't have time for hobbies with my pets and working at a lame grocery store.", "What about meeting each other as friends?"], ["I have been studying for one of my psychology exams for college. I am hoping to do well in this class.", "I'm sure you will. What's the exam about?", "We have to explain behavior and apply theories using concepts from different theoretical frameworks that we have studied. I hope all of my studying pays off.", "Wow that all sounds pretty complex but it sounds like you've been studying hard, so you'll do great. I have to say I've taken a bit of an interest in Psychology recently - podcasts and such.", "Yeah it is all really interesting, I am considering making it my major but I am still unsure. Have you read any good books lately?", "The one I'm reading at the moment is taking a bit too long (so maybe I should move on, but I find it hard to give up on a book). It's non-fiction, about the people of Venice (I think in the 90s). Normally I read fiction. How about you?", "Me too, I usually like to read fiction--it is a bit of a break from reality. Here and there I will read nonfiction.", "Definitely. Nothing beats sitting outdoors reading a great book. Do you have a favourite novel or author?", "I actually just read a great book called Chop Wood, Carry Water, it is a very quick read which could be part of why I like it. But it is all about the process of becoming great at what you do.", "Mm, sounds good. I'd certainly like to know the secret of becoming great at what I do! Well, enjoy the next one and best of luck for your exam!", "Thanks, I really appreciate it! Have you been able to get outside much lately?", "I've tried, but it's been raining so much, like everyday! I have been able to get down to my local park and lake though (because it's not too far)."], ["I did great on my last exam! I guess all of that studying paid off. To reward myself I went to a bookshop and bought probably a few too many books, but at least they were all secondhand. I already tore through the first one; I think you'd like it, maybe I could lend it to you.", "great work! tell me more about the book you read!", "I'm currently reading a book by Terry Pratchett called Feet of Clay. It's gripping but humorous! What was the last book you read?", "oh Pratchett is amazing! the last book I read was called Neuro-Dharma, about meditation and the brain. it was awesome. do you also like neil gaiman?", "Oooh that sounds interesting! How does Neuro-Dharma work? I've not read any Neil Gaiman yet, but he's on my list of books to try next!", "It's all about how meditation actually influences the brain itself, not just like, the spiritual mind. very interesting stuff. I had asked about NG becuase he is a good friend of Terry PRatchett!", "Oh that sounds interesting! Do you like to meditate? Ah yes, didn't they write a book together once?", "I do. it really helps me find peace at times peace is hard to find. and yeah they did! i can't remember the name right now though. have you ever meditated?", "Was it called Good Omens or something? I've only meditated once - I'd like to meditate more but I'm not sure how to do it", "that's it! that's the name of it! yes. good omens. and meditation, I feel, kind of takes awhile to get used to. at first it's awkward and it doesn't feel like it works/helps but as time goes by it gets easier and you feel such... calm. it's like tking xanax but without a pill!", "Oh that sounds wonderful - I really need to learn more about it. Do you use Youtube videos or something to help you?", "I use the headspace app, but then I also started branching out to try using no apps or using just like, written guidelines. but it took me a long time to be comfortable going away from the app which gives more instruction."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have kids. I like to paint.", "I like to nap.", "I work for the government.", "I like horror movies. I watched a really trashy and good horror movie recently. I watched Wolf Creek recently. I enjoyed seeing Zombieland. I have seen Hell raiser and Wishmaster. I wish I could see them again for the first time.", "I watched Tucker and Dale Vs Evil recently, and I enjoyed it.", "I have not yet watched Beetlejuice. I have not seen The Frighteners.", "I like to watch content based on Stepehn King's work.", "I am free on the weekends and Sunday for me is family day."], "partner_persona": ["I like to work out.", "I'm vegan.", "I have a husband who is a lawyer.", "I liked watching Wolf Creek. I have also seen Tucker and Dale Vs Evil. I like watching horror comedies. I enjoy seeing classical horror movies.", "I have 2 kids, I let them watch some horror movies. I don't plan on letting them see adult horror movies.", "I have seen Beetlejuice before. I think The Frighteners is a decent movie.", "I like Stephen King movies and shows."], "current_conv": ["I talked it with my family, and I should be set for this Saturday's movie night. I was able to get someone to babysit them for the night, and I have no other obligations to take care of for the day.", "Great I can't wait. You are going to love seeing Beetlejuice it is so funny. My kids love it.", "Is beetlejuice scary? I suppose if your kids liked it it wasn't so scary then", "I don't think it is scary. It has some stuff that can probably scare little kids, but I think of it more as a comedy.", "Did you see it on broadway?", "No, I did not only seen the movie. I think it would be great to see it on broadway.", "I didn't know it was a movie! I will check it out. Have you watched the Shining by Stephen?", "Yes, I have seen it. I thought we were going to watch Beetlejuice at movie night this Saturday? Was there something else you wanted to watch?", "That's a great idea. I'll bring my kids as well!", "You said you already had a babysitter. But they are more then welcomed. We can set up the screen outside and have a swimming/movie party.", "I'd prefer to bring my kids. I didn't know you had a pool?", "That is fine. Don't forget to cancel the babysitter so they don't show up. Yes, we got it last week. It will be great."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you? Do you have any hobbies?", "I guess, if you could call working out a hobbie. I'm at the gym.", "I understand that! Im usually busy with my kids, but paint in my free time.", "Sounds artsy! I'm a vegan...isn't that kind of artsy?", "Sure! But besides that I always try to find room for a nap...", "I love to nap before I pick up my husband, the lawyer, in my jeep wrangler.", "Sounds trivial, since I work for the government they always run me all around!", "I'm not the least bit trivial. I'm a vegan, remember.", "Of course! Maybe I could get my kids to try that, keep them off junk.", "I'm married with two kids, good luck keeping yours off junk.", "Well I try to keep them out of the room when I watch horror movies.", "It, friday the 13th, nightmare on elm st.?? What's your pleasure?", "Surely it! The remake was absolutely remarkable, can't get enough.", "Love them all. Kindred souls!"], ["I just discovered the trashiest, best horror movie of all time.", "That sounds great what is it?", "It's called 'Wolf Creek', it about a group of friends that go hiking in a crater in Australia.", "ive seen that one i likr it.  Have you seen tucker and dale vs evil", "No, I haven't, is that horror or horror comedy?", "its a horror comedy, kind of wrong place wrong time", "That's cool, is it like Zombieland? That movie is so amusing.", "Yes its along those same lines its  horror but not tooo serious", "Do you let you kids watch those types of movies? Seems like you wouldn't have a lot of time where you were 'kid-free'.", "soem I do, tucker and Dale isnt bad.  Im not letting them watch hell raiser or wishmaster", "Aww! Those are classic - maybe when they are older. I wish I could watch them for the first time again.", "for sure those are defenitley classics, which is better?"], ["I looked up Tucker and Dale Vs Evil on Netflix, and I decided to give it a try. I just finished it an hour ago, and I really enjoyed it. Do you have any other recommendations for a horror comedy like that one that I can watch?", "Some good ones that I like are fright night and beetlejuice.  I haven't been watching many because of my kids though, so you may get better answers from google haha.", "Fright night? Is that Michael J Fox? I've heard of Beetlejuice. Is that about the afterlife or something?", "I think you're thinking of The Frighteners.  Beetlejuice is basically about an annoying ghost haha.", "Oh, yeah! I don't know the horror/comedy genre too well. Would you recommend the Frighteners? Is that good?", "It's decent I guess.  It's not my favorite.  It makes Beetlejuice look like a masterpiece.", "Ok. I guess Beetlejuice sets the standard for the genre? I like the more traditional horror stuff. Stephen King stuff.", "I like that a lot too but I can't really watch it with the kids around.  Maybe we can get together and watch sometime!", "Put the kids in another room, have them watch Disney. Put on the hard-core horror. Good times! Let's do it.", "sounds great! when can we get together?", "Weekends are pretty good for me. I'd have to do something about the kids. Sunday is family day. Saturday is better.", "Okay! Maybe we can do this saturday!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet parrot named Tasha.", "I am a personal trainer. I lead hikes.", "I am not good with computers.", "I am a vegetarian.", "I like going on camping trips. I like visiting hiking trails. I have never been on a cruise. I want to go on a cruise. I like camping in the woods.", "I plan on camping this summer. I want to go on a cruise next year.", "I enjoy seeing wild animals in the woods, to see them in their natural habitat. I am usually not scared of wild animals. I am scared a bit of bears.", "I like to go on hikes when I go camping. I tend to lead the hikes I go on. I usually hike for an hour or two."], "partner_persona": ["I do not like animals. I do not have pets.", "I started a new job as a computer programmer.", "I do not like the outdoors. I love going on cruises.", "I have been to Cuba.", "I love ice cream.", "I enjoy going to new places that are warm.", "I have not camped in a while. I love being outdoors.", "I am scared of bugs and insects.", "I don't like being in the mud or in rain."], "current_conv": ["Two days ago I went on a hike with a couple of friends. We were also sightseeing and looking for cool birds and animals. I ended up spotting a rare type of hawk, it was very majestic and cool to look at. ", "Awesome! Are you going to go camping at all this summer?", "Yes! I have several trips planned. I blocked off time with my clients so I can do a part of the Appalachian Trail.", "I know you're going to love that, but it sounds like torture to me -- all the mud and dirt and rain!", "Yeah, you definitely have to be ok with the elements! I'm a little nervous because I don't usually do full day hikes,  but I'm in pretty good shape so hopefully I'll be ok.", "How many days will the appalachian trail hike be?", "10 days! Can you believe it? Any tips to repel mosquitos?", "UGh! I hate mosquitos. I double up on sprays containing 20% DEET and then ones with another active ingredient like camphor or citronella. I spray skin AND clothes", "I definitely need to load up on repellant. I hear the mosquitos on the trail will pick up up and carry you off. They are intense!", "You know you're freaking me out, right? I go back and forth on whether I like camping and hiking and the outdoors in general, but I definitely HATE BUGS."], "history_conv": [["Do you have any pets?.", "No. I\u2019m not a big animal person. Do you?", "I have a pet parrot. Her name is tasha..", "Cool. What do you do for a living?", "I am a personal trainer. I tend to lead a lot of hikes..", "I\u2019m a computer programmer. I actually got a new job yesterday.", "Is computer programming hard to do? I can't do much with a computer.", "It\u2019s like anything else. Once you get used to it, it becomes second nature.", "That's true. I'm a vegetarian, and that is second nature to me know..", "What do you enjoy doing in your spare time?", "I enjoy going on camping trips. The parks have good hiking trails..", "Cool. I\u2019m not as much into the outdoors. I love to take cruises.", "Cruises sound fun. I've never been on one..", "You should try it. There\u2019s something for everyone."], ["What has been your favorite cruise destination?", "Oh I went to Cuba it was neat.  Have you wanted to go on a cruise?", "Yes, I have but i need to save up. Besides camping and hiking are free and equally enjoyable", "This is true.  Where do you like to camp most?", "I love camping in the woods. Anywhere remote and full of nature and wildlife. How's the new job?", "It's great.  I love working with computers.  What do you do for work?", "I am still a personal trainer. Maybe i can convince you to join my gym. You might enjoy it.", "Oh yes! You told me that. I forgot.  Since I don't like to be outdoors much, perhaps I would like the gym.", "Just come in next week. I'll take care of you. A membership isnt too expensive either. What food do you enjoy?", "Oh I love ice cream so much.  And Yes, I'd love to see your gym, thank you!", "Ice cream? That's not food . Maybe i can recommend some healthy , delicious food for you", "I think you could help me eat better for sure."], ["Have you ever been on a cruise?", "Yes, I love it! I especially like visiting new places in warmer climates. Do you have any camping trips planned?", "Yes, I'm hoping to get a few in this summer while it's nice and warm. Considering a cruise instead next year for something different.", "Ah that sounds nice, I reckon you'll love cruises too. I've not been camping for a long time, I love been out in the outdoors", "I enjoy looking for wild animals in the woods. It's fascinating to see them in their natural habitat instead of in cages like at the zoo.", "I bet, are you ever scared by the animals you find?", "I haven't see anything to be scared of so far, though I'm sure a bear would make me a little jumpy!", "Definitely!! Sometimes I'm scared of just little bugs and creepy crawlies! Do you normally go for a hike when you go camping?", "Absolutely. I often lead hikes for whatever group I happen to be camping with.", "How long are your hikes? I just went on a long one yesterday, it was great!", "Usually just an hour or two nothing too crazy. I'm glad you enjoyed your hike, I know you're not much of an outdoorsy person.", "I know, I said before I love being outdoors, but it's more the fresh air than being stuck in the actual mud and rain, if you know what I mean!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy Sufjan Stevens.", "I am a tax accountant.", "I love running. I enjoy eating protein-packed edibles.", "I live out west. I just moved further north. I used to live in Los Angeles before moving to Portland. I like being close to nature.", "I grew tired of living in the city.", "I think Ireland is a beautiful place.", "I like going on runs. I plan on listening to a couple of Irish songs.", "I have not traveled internationally.", "I don't have any pets. I am busy during tax season. I am considering a pet."], "partner_persona": ["I used to be a veterinarian but I quit my job so that I could pursue my passions.", "I am a vegan.", "I sing old jazz and Irish ballads.", "I am half-Irish. I am from New Orleans. I live in Paris.  I have been living in Paris for six months. I am not certain if I want to live here permanently. I love Paris for its culture and its beautiful architecture.", "I have considered living in Ireland, I have some distant relatives living there. I like to sing in Irish. I learned Irish from my Grandpa. I learned a couple of Irish songs to sing growing up. I find singing more of a hobby than a job.", "I don't plan on having kids at the moment. I might change my mind in the future.", "I like to sing ballads and similar types of songs. I want to learn how to sing a couple of French songs.", "I was a vet for 10 years. I enjoyed working with the animals, but not with their owners.", "I did not have a good social life when I was a vet. I currently have a good group of friends that I hang out with at a cafe every week."], "current_conv": ["I called my local shelter an hour ago, and they mentioned they have a couple of rescues available that are in need of a good home. I want to visit sometime this weekend to see if I can adopt a dog, or maybe even a cat.", "Oh wow! I'm so excited for you! Do you know what kinds of dogs and cats they're currently sheltering?", "I know they have some pit mutts. They sound super loving. Not sure about cats. Probably lots of domestic shorthair, if I were to guess.", "Ah ok. Do you have a preference for the kind of dog or cat you'd like to adopt?", "I would love a tuxedo cat. I hear they have the best personalities. Maybe one of those and a pit and boom! Happy family :)", "That sounds perfect! I hope you're able to find them at the shelter!", "Me too! I think it is a great time too since things with work are calming down.", "It's great that things are calming down. Tax season must be super stressful. What do you do when it's not tax season?", "I love running and hiking. I have yet to really explore this area but I know there is a lot to see and do outdoors.", "Oh right! You're in Portland now. It must be beautiful up there.", "So, so pretty! Probably nothing like Paris though. How is it there this time of year?", "Paris is amazing! Now, that it's summer, we're getting a lot of tourists. It's funny thinking about how I was just like them when I first got here."], "history_conv": [["Like music? I'm a big sufjan stevens fan.", "Actually, I am a singer living abroad. You should check out my blog.", "I will, after tax season. As a tax accountant, I'm pretty busy right now.", "I understand that. I quit my job to do what I love, I was a veterninarian.", "What do you do now? I love running and eating protein packed edibles..", "As a vegan who loves animals, I am a singer now.", "What kind of music do you perform?", "Old jazz and some irish ballads.", "Wow -- irish-ballad/jazz fusion! Sounds like you've created a new genre.", "I'm half-irish, and from new orleans. Where are you from?", "Out west. I just moved into a new place further north.", "I currently live in paris."], ["Do you travel around the world on tour or is Paris your full-time home now?", "Right now I think I might settle down for a little while and figure out what I want in life. I love Paris but I am not sure if I want it to be my permanent home quite yet.", "What do you enjoy most about living in Paris?", "I like the culture and the beauty of the city. There are buildings here that are thousands of years old. Its amazing. I thought New Orleans had a lot of history! How was your move recently. How far north did you end up moving?", "I moved from Los Angeles to Portland. I wanted a different change of pace and it seemed like I might have some more opportunities here. It's nice to be so close to nature.", "Yeah I believe it. I bet when you go on your runs it would be much more scenic in Portland.", "Yeah, definitely! I was so tired of just seeing the city all of the time. What other places are you considering living in long term?", "I thought about maybe going to Ireland. I have distant relatives there and I think I would fit right in. Plus it would be helpful when I decide to sing to have people who understand the language I am singing in.", "Ireland is such a beautiful place too. I guess you have a similar decision to make. It's very interesting that you sing in Irish. What made you want to start doing that?", "I learned from my Grandpa a lot of the songs. It wasn't until I was in my 20s that I was singing those same songs one day and I realized I had a pretty good voice for that kind of singing. It's more of a hobby than a job, but I really enjoy doing it and hope I get more chances to sing for other people.", "That seems like such a wonderful way to stay connected to your heritage. You should definitely teach your children if you have any, or maybe you could give lessons to other people.", "That is a great idea. I think its important to pass those kinds of things down. Right now I don't have kids but who knows in the future."], ["I was searching for some songs a couple of days ago to listen on my runs, and I ended up finding a couple of Irish songs to listen to. Have you heard of the Wild Rover before, and have you sung it to somebody before?", "I've heard the song but have never sung it.  It's more of a man's song, and I like to do the more ballady ones.", "Ok, do you sing more Irish or Jazz ballads?", "I tend to sing old Irish ballads.  It's not for everyone, but I enjoy it.  I'm trying to learn some French songs to sing while I live here in Paris.", "That's pretty cool! You're so diverse! How long have you been in Paris?", "I've been here for about six months.  Have you ever traveled internationally?  It's been a whirlwind to adjust to all the different cultures.", "No I haven't. I want to but life has been so busy. How long were you a vet?", "I did that for almost 10 years.  I loved the animals, but I hated the people that you have to deal with.  They don't think that vets are real people with real emotions most of the time. Do you have any pets?", "That's awful that people are like that sometimes. No I don't have pets. I don't feel like I have enough freedom to be there for them. I don't want to leave them alone all day.", "Is your work load heavy all year round, or just during certain parts of the year?  I'll bet you could get a pet that doesn't require as much attention as a dog or cat.  It's nice to have the companionship of an animal.", "It's really bad from the first of the year until tax deadline day but it keeps me pretty busy the rest of the year as well. I will need to think it over. It does get lonely sometimes.", "I can only imagine.  That was another thing about being a vet that was hard.  People expected you to be on call all the time, so I didn't have a chance for any sort of social life.  That's gotten a lot better since I quit.  I've found a good group of friends to hang out with at least a few times a week at a local cafe."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love gardening.", "I work on computers for several hours at a time.", "I do not have any pets. I attend concerts. I like to go on long bike rides.", "I love eating steak.", "I went on a bike ride recently with my daughter. We went on a part of the Appalachian Trail. We had to stop early for work and school.", "I have ridden bikes for over 10 years.", "My daughter is almost done with her course. my daughter is studying computer programming like I did.", "I would like to grow my own spices and food."], "partner_persona": ["I volunteer at the community garden.", "I have a cat and two dogs. I am a vegan. My favorite food is salad.", "I enjoy gardening and going on walks with my dogs. I don't jog and I don't think I am too athletic. I have a daily goal to walk 10,000 steps a day.", "I attend community college to become a nurse. I find it really tough at times and I can't wait to be done with it. I want to be done with school to get in the field and help people. I am almost done.", "I grow a few herbs. Usually I buy vegetables at the  a farmer's market. I have never sell nothing on the farmer's market. it's just a hobby for me. I don't want to make it too much.", "I know a lot of nurses. I am really impressed with them.", "I have a goal of 10,000 steps a day."], "current_conv": ["By the way, you have to chat with my daughter. You have so much in common!", "I'm not sure I have enough time for chatting with anyone else.  Between trying to get my steps in, taking care of my dogs, studying to become a nurse and volunteering, I am starting to feel really stressed.  I think I need a vacation!", "Oh man! I am so sorry to hear that. it definitley sounds like you need a vacation! Do you plan to take one?", "Nope, not until I finish my studies and get my nursing degree.  Then I'll probably have to get right to work to pay off those student loans! Maybe I can find a weekend to do some hiking.  Do you find that hiking helps relieve stress?", "Absolutely! Hiking is a great way to take your mind off of stressful things. Your dogs would love it to!", "Yeah, I really need to spend more time with my dogs.  Sometimes I take them with me when I'm trying to get my steps in, but they can be quite a handful when I take them out together.  I guess I just need to spend more time training them.", "Two dogs does sound tough, how old are they?", "Romo is 4, he's a mutt, and Dallas is only 2.  He's a border collie, very smart and WAY too much energy.  I knew when I got him that he would be a handful until he gets 3 or 4, but he was such a cute little guy I couldn't resist.  And Romo needed a friend, since I spend so much time studying.", "I think you did the right thing by getting Romo a friend, especially with how busy they are. Do they get along pretty well?", "Oh yeah, they are best friends.  Do you ever thing about getting yourself a dog or cat?", "I have been mulling over the idea of getting a dog for awhile, I would really like to adopt but I need to look more into training them ", "I can't say enough about how great having my dogs around is.  As much as they drive me crazy, they really do make me feel loved and they always put a smile on my face.  It is really important to give them proper training though.  Makes me sad to see so many who didn't get trained ending up in the pound."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Hump day up in here! How are you?", "Good. Enjoying my break as a student at the community college.", "Cool. My daughter is on spring break right now. Doing anything fun?", "Volunteering at the community garden we have locally.", "That's nice. I love gardening. What are you guys planting?.", "Spring flowers. It's a good break as I want to be a nurse and study hard.", "I remember studying hard. I work on computers and had to read/study a lot.", "Sounds important. Do you have any pets?", "No. I go out too much - to concerts, long bike rides, and don't have time.", "We have a cat and two dogs. Are you vegan? I am.", "No, I love steaks too much! What about you?", "I'm a big fan of salads."], ["My daughter and I just got back from a bike ride. We traveled through part of the Appalachian Trail. I would have loved to go further, but she needs to go back to school soon and I have to go back to work.", "That must have been really nice! How difficult is the Appalachian Trail for people who don't bike ride much?", "I guess it will be quite tiring for inexperienced bike riders but it will still be fun. Do you get out much?", "I'm not that athletic, but I really enjoy gardening! I do go on walks with my dogs, but no jogging. How long have you rode bikes for?", "I guess gardening and walking dogs keeps you active enough. I've been riding for over 10 years now.  It balances out working on computers for long hours", "I try to reach the recommended 10,000 steps a day! Biking with your daughter must be a great way to spend time together too.", "That's great. I love biking with her . I think she does too. How's nursing school going? must be very busy.", "The coursework is tough and there's so many assignments. I can't wait for when I can finally finish school. Is your daughter almost done?", "Well done. It's a noble profession. No.. She's mid way through her course.", "Thank you, I really want to get in the field and help people out already. What course is she taking?", "She's studying computer programming. I guess she wants to be like me", "Haha, you are a great role model so I wouldn't be surprised! You can teach her so much and have much to talk about."], ["What kind of plants are you growing in your garden. Do you grow herbs or vegetables, I would like to grow my own spices and food.", "I grow a few herbs. They grow fast and taste great when they have been just picked. Vegetables take too long to grow, so I usually go to a farmer's market.", "Oh okay, do you ever sell anything from the community garden at the farmers market?", "No, it's just a hobby for me. I don't want to make it too much of a headache with customers and stuff.", "I see, so how is college going?", "Ugh. Not so good. It's a means to an end. I want to get a good job, so I'm going to school. that's the only reason.", "Are you at least excited for the field you are going into?", "Nursing is a serious profession. I look forward to the challenge. I want to help people, but I need to get paid, too.", "Right, that makes sense. Nursing is going to be a lot of work but it will be rewarding.", "Sometimes it can be hectic, but what worthwhile job isn't? I know a lot of nurses. I am really impressed with them. I want that kind of respect.", "It is a worthwhile job for sure! And you should have no problem hitting your 10,000 step goal with how much walking you will be doing!", "Need the right shoes for that. Nurses are on their feet a lot!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm looking for a new career.", "I like dogs. I have a dog. My dog is a Shih Tzu. I have had my dog for 10 years.", "I like walking near the ocean.", "I find numbers and math boring.", "I am indecisive. My first tattoo is going to be simple, like my dog's pawprint. I want my first tattoo to be black and white.", "My dog's health is starting to get bad. My dog is almost completely deaf."], "partner_persona": ["I have five tattoos.", "I like dogs. I have a dog. My dog is a black Lab. My dog is a couple years old. I have had my dog since he was a puppy. I have had him for 2 years.", "I have changed jobs or careers many times.", "I took a few months to decide on my first tattoo. I prefer black and white tattoos.  I think all-color tattoos can be overpowering.", "My dog is house broken. I took my dog to a trainer."], "current_conv": ["When you took your dog to a trainer, did you have any issues? I have thought about using a trainer if I ever get another puppy. ", "I highly recommend it! It helped with my dog's behavior amazingly. The only thing I'd recommend is read reviews on Facebook before you choose one. ", "That's good advice! I would probably sign up for a group class as well... how's your lab doing?", "And of course, make sure your trainer knows your dog's hearing issue. Smokey is doing great! A whole new dog almost. How about yours?", "He is doing pretty well for his age! He still likes going on walks. What else have you done today?", "That's good to hear. It's a rain day today, so I ended up going to get a new tattoo. ", "You went to get a tattoo because it was raining? ", "I did! I know I'm horrible, but I couldn't think of anything else to do! Ink is an expensive addiction. ", "It is! What did you end up getting? Did you add to your famous tramp stamp?  ", "Haha! It's not all that famous. I made some bad fashion decisions in the early 2010s. This time I just got another quote from a book I read.", "I think we need to bring back 2010s style! Low rise jeans and crunchy noodle hair for all! What book was the quote from?", "The Perks of Being a Wallflower. It's one of my favorites. I'm down with bringing back the style, but probably wouldn't go back for another tramp stamp. LOL!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, what's up?", "Im visiting the alley for graffiti ideas for my new tattoo idea.", "Nice, I was an accountant but trying to do something new.", "It's gonna be my 6th one so far.i like friends!", "My dog is my friend, spend more time with him now that I'm freelance entrepreur.", "My dog is my friend too, he helps me walk places since I dont have a car.", "I don't either. I'm glad I live near an ocean, walking is nicer that way.", "Yes it sure is :).", "Before that I was an accountant, how boring :/.", "Does sound boring, oh my. How did you ever come along?", "Just wanted to try something new, how about you?", "Been there and done that. It's like eating good food and drinking water and things."], ["I've always wanted a tattoo but could never decide what design to get.", "Yeah I was like that with my first tattoo, it's a big decision but definitely worth. Go with something you have consistently had an interest in, like a music band or something.", "I'm so indecisive and my interests frequently change! How much planning and thinking did you do with all your tattoos?", "Yeah you see I was super indecisive but then I figured, I would focus on something I have always been interested in. It took be a couple of months to finally decide on my first.", "How did you go about deciding on which tattoo artist you wanted? Word of mouth or online reviews?", "Well, I had a few mates who have lots of tattoos so I asked them who they recommended. I also looked at social media and reviews. Normally a good artist isn't cheap, so if you also receive a quote that is less than \u00a350 per hour, then you had to question why it's so cheap. Is the quality not worthy of charging more, etc. There are a couple of things to consider, so just take a bit of time to decide.", "That's really good advice, thank you! I think my first tattoo might be something simple like a paw print for my dog.", "Yeah that's a great idea! Pets are so important to people and realistically they always have a play in your heart, so that's definitely consistent too. Would you go for a colorful tattoo or just black and white you think?", "I want a black and white tattoo for my first one. I'm still not sure how I feel about colored tattoos and drawing too much attention. What kinds do you have?", "Well I personally prefer black and white but I have recently been considering branching out and getting a black and white but with accents of color. So I thought about getting a portrait of my dog and then incorporating the collar or his eyes to be color but the rest black and white.", "That sounds lovely! Would you be offended if I copied your idea of the accents of color? I want a mostly black and white tattoo too, now that I think about it.", "No not at all, go for it!! I think it would look amazing! I think all color can be too much, but the accents will really insinuate the details of the dog."], ["What kind of dog do you have?", "I have a black lab. He's just a couple of eyars old.", "that's nice.  How long have you had it for?", "I got him as a puppy, so just under two years.", "that's really cute.  Have you had any challenges with him?", "He's house broken. I took him to a trainer. I didn't want to go through the headache. What kind of dog do you have?", "I have a shih tzu.  I've had her for almost 10 years now.", "10 years! How long does the breed normally live?", "around 10-15 years.  Her health is starting to get bad.  She's almost completely deaf now.", "That's too bad. We have many dogs in our lives, but they have only one owner their whole lives.", "that's true.  I wish they lived for longer.  They deserve much longer lives.", "Have you had other breeds? Would you recommend a shih tzu?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am handsome. I am blonde.", "I live in the north. My parents live in the north. I have a flashy life style.", "I like movies about fast cars.", "I do not like art. I like the city. I have a trendy sense of style.", "I like go to the beach.", "I work for a tech company.", "I drive a Tesla. I got my Tesla a week ago. My Tesla just broke down. I paid a lot of money for my new Tesla.", "I like to show off with my car.", "I like to visit the beach. I am under a lot of stress with my broken down car.", "I have kids. My kids are on their phones a lot. I would like to get my kids more active.", "I am a fan of movies about fast cars."], "partner_persona": ["I have a wife. I have a son and a daughter. My kids like to read and ride bikes. I have a son who likes cars.", "I work for the government. I work for the president. I work in the White House.", "I am laid back. I like to take naps on my sofa.", "I like drama movies, horror movies.", "I like drawing and painting. I am good at drawing and painting. I like to paint the stars.", "I would like to nap on the beach.", "I don't drive to help preserve the environment. I have an auto immune disease.", "I used to have a vintage Cadillac. My vintage Cadillac was a lemon.", "I am a laid back type of guy. I am a male. I like to spend time relaxing on the beach.", "My kids have a lot of energy when they are outdoors. My son likes Teslas and Lambos.", "I have only watched 2 of the Fast and Furious movies."], "current_conv": ["Sorry I missed you this weekend at the beach, I finally heard back from the Tesla dealership and they needed me to drop the car off for repairs. ", "No worries. I was not really surprised. We had a great time though. Do you know how much the repairs will be?", "I'm not sure yet, probably in the $500 range. It's a lot but it's an expensive car. I don't mind spending the money, as I need a car to get around. How was the beach? It looked like good weather.", "That does not sound bad for the type of vehicle. I would be pissed that it broke down so quickly though! The beach was delightful, but I stayed too long and now I am as red as a red delicious apple.", "It's unfortunate, but things break. Oh no! Hopefully you put some aloe on it. That always helps me. Did you bring your son with you?", "That is a good idea. I am over here with 7 ice packs hahahaha. I did. He doesn't burn though. Youth, am I right? You really should join us sometime. ", "Ha! So true. I'd love that. I need some 'vitamin sea'. Work and my kids are getting to me!", "Hahaha that is punny! Haha I will gladly leave my son if you want to pick me up in your fancy car and hit the beach!", "It sounds very tempting! We should totally do it some day. I could used distraction with some good company.", "Sounds perfect to me. Maybe I won't fall asleep this time. My son did not even try to cover me with a towel or anything. Just let me roast out there.", "Haha! That's too funny, kids, am I right?", "Have you found ways to get yours off the phone?"], "history_conv": [["I am an handsome blond can you please describe yourself to me.", "Well, I work for the government and have a girl and a boy with my wife.", "Ok thats cool. I am from the north like my parent. I like the flashy life style.", "Im more laid back, love to sleep on my sofa after lunch. What movies you like?", "I like a fast/smart car movie because I got one.", "I dont drive. I watch drama and horror movies. Do you like art?", "No I like the city and the trendy style.", "I really good at drawing and painting..", "I love it where it is cool like a beach side.", "I would love to take a nap on the beach.", "Will you like to do that at night while you count the stars?.", "Of course, and also paint the sky. I am really good at it.", "I will like to see your painting someday.", "Sure. Well I have to go to work. Did I tell you I work for the president?"], ["What are your kids favorite hobbies or activity to do for fun?", "my kids like to read and to ride bikes! my son also loves cars. what kind of car do you drive?", "reading and biking? that's awesome! I just got myself a new tesla, it's red and shiny and fast", "that's so awesome. I love teslas. they're so good for the environment! did you just get the tesla this year?", "i know right, and they're pretty trendy nowdays too. just got it few months ago.", "that's awesome. more and more places are having charging stations, too. I don't drive because I worry too much about the environment but if I did, i'd want a tesla. was it super expensive?", "it was a bit pricey but worth it. not driving probably gives you a chance to take naps in the back seat? haha", "sometimes! i'm just a sleepy dude. I have an autoimmune thing that makes me always nap-happy and that's one of the reasons I don't drive, too. it's embarassing but it's true. at least I can keep my job and do normal stuff otherwise!", "oh I have no idea, that sucks but sounds like you have a good mindset about it", "no other way to be, I guess. i'm stuck with the body I got, yanno? what do you do for work?", "i work for a tech company and liking it so far. how about you, do you like your job? or are you thinking of turning your artistic hobbies into a career one day?", "ooh tech stuff is cool. the work of the future! my job is cool; I do like it. it's interesting working in the white house. you get to see how the whole country is run."], ["My Tesla just broke down! It's only been a week!", "Oh, so sorry! I hope it isn't a lemon, like my vintage Cadillac I had", "Hopefully not.  I paid a bunch of money for this car.", "Where were you planning on going with the car?", "I was just planning on using it for my normal life.  I just like to show off to be honest.", "I'm a more mellow guy, if that's what you're looking for? I plan on chillaxing at the beach this afternoon. You can take an uber there?", "that would be great.  It would really help with the stress of the car situation.", "Cool! Feel free to bring along the kids; maybe do some light biking as well?", "that would be great.  The kids have been on their phones a lot lately and I need to make them be at least somewhat active.", "My kids are like energy bunnies outdoors! Seeing as you have a Tesla, my son is also a fanboi for Teslas and Lambos", "I'll have to get it repaired for his sake haha.", "In the meantime, I see you like movies about fast cars, so I have to confess watching only two of the Fast and Furious movies. At least for the chase scenes."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have more than 1 dog.", "I live on a dairy farm. I sell milk from my dairy farm.  The farm is profitable.", "My dad was an alcoholic. My dad was violent.", "I have a tractor. My broken tractor makes unexpected noises. I have a job in addition to my farm. I work in the computer industry. I enjoy working with computers. I was interested in computers at 10 or 12.", "I have three children - two boys and a girl.  My son, Brent, plays baseball. My son, Rob, is interested in farming and helps out the most. My daughter, Jennifer, is a good student.", "I have cows. My son Rob lives with me. I bottle fresh milk on my farm. I bottle milk on Mondays.", "My husband drinks a lot of milk.", "I need to learn more about the machines on my farm."], "partner_persona": ["I am a mechanic.", "I am a recovering alcoholic.", "My dad was also an alcoholic.", "I have a baby on the way.", "I know how to work on tractors.", "I keep up with the news.", "I love to help people.", "I enjoy fresh milk.", "I have a new baby. I am married. My husband loves milk too."], "current_conv": ["I am sure being a mechanic you picked up on some skills to work on tractors, but did you have any specific training to help you understand how tractors work? ", "Yes, I worked on a lot tractors since i had my baby. I learned everything while working on them. Did you get yours fixed?", "Yes, working on a dairy farm means that I have to learn how to fix such issues from time to time. You must be excited about your new baby!", "Yes Im sure you will find your way around them, or maybe looking into John Deere tractors  they're the best in the market. My baby boy is a blessing, he's worth all those cramps. ", "Haha I understand. Maybe after he's a bit grown up, you can all come over to my farm and meet my kids.", "That would be wonderful. Me and my husband are still working on the name though. How old is your son?", "Brent is 6 and Rob is 8. Both are great kids. Maybe your kid will enjoy meeting our cows in the farm.", "For sure, We all enjoy that fresh milk. DId you had a C section for any of your kids?", "No it was all natural, I was lucky! I saw in the news that the number of C sections is increasing. Did you see that article?", "No, Ill read it later. You're lucky even mine was suppose to be natural but i had a C section. Did you know that babies are natural swimmer?", "Oh wow, is that right? I suppose that is true of most animals now that I think of it.", "It is true but friend of mine started talking about it as joke though like babies start swimming in our wombs because it is filled with all those fluids and that's how they learn. Lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I work in computers, how about you?", "Hey, I'm a mechanic. How are you?", "Im ok! A bit tired, my dogs and kids keep me pretty busy, but otherwise.", "Sounds exhausting. Just got back from an aa meeting too.", "I live on a dairy farm and we have agricultural association meetings here too.", "That's not the meetings I mean. I have a problem with alcohol like my dad.", "I am so very sorry I misunderstood. My pop could have used that kind of support.", "It's all good. I've got a baby coming soon and a steady income now.", "That's awesome to hear! I love my profession. I find it keeps me focused.", "How'd you get into that?", "Well I was always interested in computers from an early age.", "How young were you when you knew?", "Id have to say ten or twelve. Was kind of my escape when my pop got violent.", "That's crazy man. How old are you?"], ["My tractor has a problem. Can you work on farm equipment?", "Yes, I have worked on a few tractors before now. What exactly is wrong with it?", "There is something wrong with the fuel system. You can hear it when it starts and when its been running for a while. I am not sure exactly what is causing it.", "Right ok. When are you free for me to come over?", "Anytime in the next few days works. I know you're busy with work and getting ready for the baby and don't want to rush you. I don't plan on using the tractor until next week Wednesday.", "Ok, i'll try and make it over in the next few days. What else have you been doing this week?", "My job has been keeping me very busy. Between that and the dairy farm I am surprised that I have any hours left in the days. At least my kids are a huge help.", "I see! How are the kids?", "They are doing great. Jennifer is doing really good in school. Brent just started baseball this spring and is really catching on fast, and Rob is really been a huge help at the farm. He gets up early to milk the cows several days a week to help me out. They all help, but he's been the most interested in farming.", "Ah that is good to hear! How are the milk sales right now?", "Average. Things have been very steady. I think we are at the perfect amount right now to keep us busy but also turn a decent profit.", "Great, I know it is hard! You hear a lot about the farmers struggling on the news"], ["My son, Rob, wants to learn more about fixing tractors.  Can he help when you come over to take a look at our tractor?", "Of course! I'd love to help him learn more about them.", "Thanks so much! The tractor has still been making noises like I mentioned before.. the cows don't like it very much, haha!", "Haha, I'm sure they don't. They live such peaceful lives! It should be an easy fix, but don't worry I'll get it taken care of for you. Do you have a day that is good for you for me to come over?", "If it's good for you any week day after 5 would work for us! That way Rob is home from school to lend you a hand and I can be there to offer help if needed also.. we bottle fresh milk on Mondays, so if you can stop by on Monday we'll give you all the milk you can carry as an extra thanks!", "Yall don't have to do that, but that would be so awesome to have fresh milk! How about next Monday at 6:30 or will that interrupt with dinner?", "6:30 is great! With that new baby I'm sure you guys could use the milk!", "Ok, great! I'll see yall then. Yes we can! My husband drinks a lot of it too.", "Oh mine too! Probably a half gallon to himself a day haha, we are sooo grateful for our cows!", "I bet so! I think it is so awesome what you all do!", "And same to you! I could stand to learn a thing or two about fixing the tractor myself! I won't have Rob to help out on the farm forever.", "Well you know I'm available to help whenever, but you're more than welcome to come learn some too!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have no children. I have lots of animals. I take my pets to the park.", "I am in university. I would like a better job. I am studying business finance.", "I own a Ford Automobile.", "I live in a small town.", "I have not been to Mexico.", "I work nights at the grocery store. I have not worked in construction.  I am a fast learner. I'm looking for a part-time job.", "I am doing an internship. I want to work for the other speaker's construction company.", "I tend to my animals to keep them healthy."], "partner_persona": ["I have two daughters that are in school but done for the summer. I do not have any pets.", "I own a construction business. I work a lot. I am an entrepreneur. Spring brings me a lot of business.", "I love karaoke.", "I have never owned a Ford.", "My construction business is hiring.", "I have a family trip planned to Mexico.I grew up in Mexico."], "current_conv": ["I got my application done and submitted it online to your construction business!  Let me know if you have any questions on it.  ", "That's great because we are looking for more people in our finance department! I'll make sure our HR pushes your application to the front.", "Great!  I really appreciate it.  How are your daughters doing?", "Being little hellions. I am jealous of your childfree lifestyle right now.", "Haha that makes me feel better about my choice to be child free.  What are they doing to get on your nerves?", "Just fighting with each other and getting on each others nerves. Sometimes you just have to lock them outside and let them run around and wear themselves out. ", "That sounds like a good idea.  Maybe I can help watch them sometime to give you a break.  Maybe they'll like to play with my pets since you don't have any.", "Oh yeah that would be great! We can relax with some cocktails in the evening! Any luck in your love life since Jessie?", "I haven't had any luck.  It's hard to believe that I could ever love anyone like I loved Jessie.  I'm having a hard time even putting myself out there.", "You already have unconditional love radiating from all your animals... really what more can you need? And I know it's not really my place, but Jessie was a jerk and you are better without them!", "I know that.  I just think I need more time to get over Jessie before I try dating again.  I wouldn't want to carry that into my next relationship.", "Good I am glad your recognize that. You have to come over soon! I am so bored."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I have no children but a lot of animals.", "I have two kids, girls. No pet now.", "I have a job in a food store, working nights.", "So you get to play with your pets during the day? Nice!", "Yes, we go to the park if the weather is nice.", "I work way too much. I am a business owner, in construction.", "I see. Perhaps I finish university and get better job.", "Good thinking. I do have my fun, too. I love karaoke!", "Oh yes that is fun. I own a ford automobile.", "I never owned ford. Do you like it?", "Being in a small toen they expect usa domestic cars!", "I lived in mexico as a child so I'm not partial to any car make.", "Yes that is now a dangerous country.", "It is, sadly...depends on the area.."], ["Would you ever take your daughters to a trip to Mexico?", "Definitely, it would be amazing to show them my home town and where I grew up. I would show her my family home where I lived with my parents. Have to ever been to Mexico?", "That's lovely. I have never been to Mexico. i would have to save up. Besides i can't leave my pets a home for too long.", "Yeah I understand with pets you have a responsibility to ensure they're taken care off if you go away. That's the reason I don't have any to be honest. I work too much and just don't have the time.", "How is your construction business going? i hope it's doing really well. Do you have any jobs open?", "At the moment it's not doing too bad, sales have only just picked up again after a bit of a dry period, but you can't expect it to be busy all year round. In the summer months you certainly get more business as everyone is considering building extensions or conservatories. Have you got any skills in construction at all?", "I am studying business finance and believe my skills are applicable to most businesses.", "Well I am more than happy to see if we have any positions available in our finance team. Do you have much knowledge about construction?", "I don't have construction experience but I am a very fast learner. I am currently looking for part-time jobs until i finish university..", "Okay well everyone can learn right. It's good that you're finding a job in readiness for when you leave university. I've seen too many people leave it too last minute and then end up struggling to find a position somewhere. You seem like you have your brain switched on, I like that. That's certainty a very good quality and mindset to have.", "Thanks. Entrepreneurs like you inspire me. i would love to  leave this small town to do great things", "Well I personally think you're on the right track. Gain some experience within a finance team and finalize what you're greatest qualities are, then use them to your advantage. So like you've said, business finance is something you have knowledge on. Think about how you can help people with that, how you can benefit people's lives because a lot of successful businesses are only successful because they have such an impact on people's lives. If you provide a service that somebody cannot live without, then you are secure for life."], ["How is the construction business going?", "It isn't too bad as spring time opens up a lot of business for me. Just have to be careful of the rain showers that pop up.", "that is nice hope you will get something good from it", "I hope so. How are your animals faring? You are out of school for the summer semester or are you attending this  summer?", "am doing my internship currently and am doing well cannot complain", "Great! Are you still at the same job? I was thinking you could put an application in with my business if you are still interested in construction.", "yeah am very much interested in that and I  will consider this soon and give you a response", "Thant would be nice. The sooner the better as I have to hire a few part-time employees soon. How are your animals?", "they are doing well , and am doing my best to keep them healthy", "That is noble and expensive also, I would imagine. At least they get plenty of exercise at the park. My daughters are happy to be out of school for the summer.", "wow , that is awesome let them enjoy this summer well", "Oh, we have a great vacation planned. We are returning to Mexico where I'm from to see relatives and let the girls see some sights. Too bad you couldn't go for your first time to see the country!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I invented a teleportation device that I can use to go anywhere I want. I am developing a time machine. My time machine is expected to be only one-way. I live in Greece.", "I had a puppy named Rose when I was a child.", "My favorite season is fall. I love deer season. I have ate venison.", "I love making sand castles at the beach. I would like to dig for hermit crabs again.", "I think surfing is dangerous. I am interested in surfing."], "partner_persona": ["I love Mediterranean food and beaches.", "I have five grandchildren. I watched my grandchildren be born.", "I like Styx and Journey.", "I watch Rick and Morty. My favorite season is fall.", "I would love to try venison.", "I like going to the beach with my grandchildren. My kids like to make sandcastles, bookie board, and collect rocks and other things at the beach. I want to sign my kids up for surfing lessons.", "I started surfing when I was 9. I don't find surfing dangerous. I haven't gotten any injuries while surfing. I do not take risks while surfing.", "I only am interested in traditional surfing in warm water."], "current_conv": ["Do you do any other water sports besides surfing?", "I used to play water polo but I quit after college.  I mostly just like surfing and swimming casually now.", "I have never tried water polo. Would you recommend it?", "It's pretty fun!  It's like soccer in the water.  If you like soccer and swimming, you'll love water polo.", "Maybe I will give it a go. I do like soccer. I am currently watching the Euros. Said that Greece didn't make it though. Are you watching the Euros?", "I am not.  Who do you want to win now that Greece is out?", "I am supporting Italy currently. Very strong team at the moment. Lots of people watch the Euros here. Everywhere you go you can hear it on the TV", "That sounds really interesting.  I really need to start watching.  Are there any good games coming up?", "Yes, there are a few. Belgium and Portugal and England and Germany are both coming up. Should be both good matches.", "I'll be sure to tune in! How is developing your time machine going?", "It is going ok. Making small steps forward. I think I will change the world once I make it.", "true!  What's the first year you think you'll go back to?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I invented a teleportation device that allows me to go anywhere in the world I want.", "You mean like the mediterranean! I love the food there, and the beaches.", "Yes, im also developing a time machine in greece.", "Impressive. With a time machine I could see the births of my five grandchildren again.", "I can go back in time and revisit my childhood puppy rosie.", "We could also go see the greats! Like styx or journey!", "Yes that sounds like a lot of fun. Did I tell you I am an inventor?", "An inventor?! Like rick from rick and morty?", "Yes, just like him actually!", "Amazing. I can't wait for the next season. Speaking of seasons, I love fall.", "I love fall too, I cant wait till deer season!", "I wonder what mediterranean food with venison. Have you tried it?", "Yes I have had venison multiple times.", "I hear it is gamy, in a pleasant way. Would love to try some."], ["What types of things do you like to do with your grandchildren?", "I like going to the beach with them. It is truly the best place for children. We always have so much fun together.", "Do you guys swim, or just play in the sand? I love making sand castles.", "We do both. The kids really like to bookieboard, make sand castles, look for sand crabs or collect rocks. Next time we are at the beach, you should use your teleportation machine and visit us.", "Not if I don't want to get sand in it, haha. I miss digging up hermit crabs. I always thought they were so cute. Kids never change, lol.", "It is so much better for them than watching tv or playing video games.  I need to sign them up to surfing lessons when they a little bit older.", "Well, how old were you when you started? Seems pretty difficult for a young kid. I still think surfing is a bit dangerous, but isn't anything fun?", "It is not that dangerous when you have the right skills. I was probably 9 when I first started. I immediately fell in love with it.  How is your time machine going?", "Pretty fine. If I get it working, maybe I can go back and convince myself to surf!", "That would be so cool.  Do you think your machines will ever be available to the public?", "Maybe, but I doubt anyone would be that interested in a one way trip.", "Oh, I didn't know you can only go one way. Are you going to work on it more?"], ["Have you ever gotten injured during surfing? Such as breaking a bone or even hitting your body against some underwater rock.", "That hasn't happened to me yet, but I know people that take some ridiculous risks out on the waves. I'm not that way. I enjoy getting out on the water and gliding along.", "That's great. Have you ever tried variety of surfing.", "You know, I was never interested in anything else but the traditional kind. Some people like boogie boarding and other stuff. I prefer warm-water, no body suit.", "Okay. I am also like surfing somewhat. But I never tried till.", "I think it looks dangerous, but pick your challenges. No need to get out on the biggest waves or the roughest surf. Plus surfers are very generous. They like to teach newbies who are respectful of the sport.", "You are very true. I can definitely take your advice. I will thoroughly follow what you are instructed.", "What's up with the teleportation device? I figure that THAT would be dangerous, much more dangerous than surfing.", "I am remembering about that device. I will ask some of friends and tell you later", "Ok. It's sound like it would be fun. Popping in and out of places, surprising people, robbing banks. Good times!", "Okay. Thank you. Glad to have you good conversation with you.", "Sure! Any time! I bet one day I'll read about you in the paper, you and your invention."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I used to be in a boy band. I can sing and play at the same time.", "I am a vegetarian due to my belief system.", "I am a male. I am healthy.", "I've surfed once and found it hard to do. I am interested in learning how to surf. I wish I knew how to surf.", "I have a son. I have been teaching my son how to swim. He has recently learned how to freestyle swim.", "I used to skateboard. I loved doing it.", "I love Miami.", "I can play the guitar."], "partner_persona": ["I love being in the water. I live near the beach. I have been surfing for 5 years. I like surfing at beaches in Miami.", "I do not have kids. I am hoping to have some one day.", "I practice playing music, but I have not had time to do so recently.", "I like playing the drums, guitar, and harmonica. I like playing Led Zepplin and Jimi Hendrix songs. My favorite band is Def Leppard.", "I learned to play harmonica when I was in the marines.", "I live in Miami.  I like to play the harmonica on the beach sometimes.", "I have never sung while playing an instrument at the same time.", "My voice is terrible. One time,  when I sang an old man gave me $20 because he thought I was homeless.", "When I was in the marines, a fellow marine gave me his harmonica to hold onto while he had to leave for a while."], "current_conv": ["Oh, I have started to learn how to play the harmonica, We both are excited!", "That is so cool. I love harmonica more than other instruments. i miss playing it. Are you learning online?", "No I am taking classes at the local music store! My teacher's name is Mr. Grendellz-Walterswaters. His NPR tote bag is almost 30 years old. He is a weirdo but he knows how to play the old mouth radio (harmonica).", "Haha that old bag must be his prized possession. I should blow the rust from my skills but i don't get time as a marine. ", "It might even just be apart of him at this point. Once I get some skills from my lessons you should come over and we can play together. We can start a 2 person harmonica band that I am sure everyone will love and not find annoying!", "That's a great idea or we could play for my marine brother and play at my favorite place but you might have to sing as well. ", "I have no problem taking the mic! I am an egomaniac! You should take some singing lessons from Mr Grendellz-walterswaters! He teaches everything! ", "haha i'm starting to love that guy. sure take the mic, i don't want everyone to run away. i can sing in single scale LOL.", "I need one of those harmonica neck holder things... Do you have any extras? ", "No but i still have my old Suzuki harmonica. Which one do you have?", "I am not sure actually.... I am renting it from the music store. We should go shopping later this week for our new band.", "We will find you one but i have to get a leave from my corp. I thinking to practice guitar again."], "history_conv": [["Hello there, right now I'm taking care of my son. What about you?", "I'm taking a break from my music..", "I used to be in a boy band myself, why'd you decide to take a break?", "Cool! I'm just taking a break for the night. Been practicing all day.", "Taking a break here also, but from meat. Full on vegetarian from here on.", "What's that like, not eating meat? I can't even imagine.", "I'm against the killing of animals and their captivity, so its a belief thing.", "Makes sense - when you put it like that... I still don't think I could do it.", "Its tough but I get the nutrients I need to be a healthy male from other sources.", "That's very good to hear ;) I should look into to help with my surfing.", "I tried surfing once while out on the beach collecting trash to recycle, it was hard.", "It is, great for the core and being with the water is like nothing else.", "My son is just getting used to the water, he is learning to paddle with his legs.", "I've been around water all my life since I live so close to the beach."], ["How is your surfing going?", "It\u2019s going great. I\u2019m back out there tomorrow can\u2019t wait to ride the waves.", "That's great! How long have you been surfing now?", "About 5 years. You should try doing it again once you got the basics of learning how to balance it\u2019s a nonstop go from there.", "Maybe I will! I used to love skateboarding, so if that has any similarity to surfing, maybe I will pick it up. What is your favorite beach to surf at?", "Oh yeah you shouldn\u2019t have too much issues then, if you enjoyed skate boarding you will love to surf. I like the Miami beaches, they get some decent waves down there.", "Cool, I love Miami. I bet surfing there is amazing.", "Yeah it pretty incredible. How is teaching your son how to swim going? Maybe one day he can surf with you.", "It's going really well! He just learned how to swim freestyle and is loving it. I am very proud of him. Do you have any kids?", "Oh that is AWESOME!! I bet you are proud what an incredible achievement for him. And none yet hopefully one day.", "Cool! Have you still been practicing music lately?", "Yeah I try to practice when I can but haven\u2019t had too much time lately, but hopefully it will become a more constant in my life because I do love to play."], ["What kind of music do you play? Are you good at several types of instruments, or only one kind?", "I like playing the drums, guitar, and harmonica. I like playing Led Zepplin and Jimi Hendrix songs. My favorite band, though, is Def Leppard, but he is too difficult for me to play.", "Wow, you can play so many instruments. That's so cool! I can only play guitar. We should play together some time. Have you been to surfing lately?", "Yes, I caught some good waves. I learned to play harmonica when I was in the marines.", "That sounds great. I wish I knew how to surf. I bet Miami is a great place for surfing. How's life in Miami besides surfing?", "The weather's great for surfing. There's a nice music scene in Miami. I like to play the harmonica on the beach sometimes. One day, I would like to be in a band that does concerts on the beach. Then after we finish, we can go surfing.", "That's a deal. Are there lots of vegetarian restaurants in Miami? Sometimes it's difficult for me to find good restaurants in some cities or countries where vegetarianism are not mainstream", "I didn't see any, but I am sure there are some around. In your band, did you play guitar? I have never sung while playing an instrument at the same time.", "I can search a bit online. I'm sure there are some. Thanks though. Yes, I played guitar in my band, but wasn't the vocal. I can sing and play at the same time though. So when you play harmonica on the beach, you don't sing as well?", "No, I just play the harmonica. My voice is terrible. I attract a lot of attention when I do it. One time, an old man gave me $20 because he thought I was homeless.", "Oh no, that's funny, lol. Harmonica is a good instrument though. I'm thinking perhaps I should let my son to learn to play it as well. Where did you learn to play Harmonica?", "When I was in the marines, a fellow marine gave me his harmonica to hold onto while he had to leave for a while. I taught myself, during nights when I was bored and had no one to talk to. It is a good instrument to get start with when trying to learn to play music, because it is a simple instrument to play."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm am not a vegetarian.", "My dad was a farmer. I like to eat meat grown on a farm.", "I've never eaten deer meat. I will consider eating deer meat. I moved to a city where there are few deer.", "I have 2 older brothers.", "I live in a house. I grew up on a farm. I miss living in the countryside.", "I have never been to Oregon. I have never hunted. I want to try bow hunting. I own a 9mm handgun.", "I practice archery. I have a compound bow.", "I like beef. I have tried eating deer body parts.", "I can shoot a pistol."], "partner_persona": ["I like to go deer hunting and will go hunting soon. I have eaten deer meat before and liked it. I hunt deer and elk. I have a stuffed elk head. I use rifles and shotguns to hunt. I hunt birds and rabbits using a shotgun.", "I have no brothers or sisters.", "I am not a great cook.", "I do not live in a city.I live in Oregon.", "I love medium rare steak.", "I've stuffed a deer head before. I have experience with a shotgun."], "current_conv": ["Have you cooked your favorite steak lately?", "Yes, I had it on the weekend. I ate it while watching Tiger King. Have you seen it?", "I have not.  What's it about?", "It is about a man who runs a zoo of tigers. It is quite interesting really. ", "oh I think I've heard about that one.  I'll have to give it a watch.  Have you gone hunting lately", "I am planning to go hunting tomorrow. Thinking of camping out in the forest too. ", "that would be nice! What type of animal do you plan on hunting?", "I do like camping. Feels like I am one with nature. I think I will hunt an elk. Do you like camping?", "I do, especially when I can bring my bow and hunt.  Maybe we can go hunting together.", "Yes, that would be a good idea. Share and combine our knowledge of hunting and farming. Could make a trip out of it. Where would we go?", "I'd like to come visit you in oregon.  I've never been there and it would be a fun trip.", "Ye, it is a good place. Very relaxed and interesting. Are there any other states you want to visit?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! How are you?", "Great, looking forward to deer hunting season! You?", "Im a vegetarian.. So.. Gosh.. I dont know.. (just kidding).", "Well it's better to hunt them than to see them run over.", "Yes! I think so! My dad was a farmer back in the day, I love meat.", "Deer meat is very tasty and you prevent deadly accidents too.", "I havent actually had deer meat. What is it comparable to?", "Tastes gamey, potent but you should try some next time.", "I think I will! I just moved to a new city, I rarely see a deer anymore.", "There are too many of them so more restaurants should serve it.", "Imagine: would you like a side of deer with your mashed potatoes sir?", "Yes!! The rest of the wildlife will thank you.", "Do you have any siblings? I have 2 older brothers.", "No, the woods are my family."], ["Would you like to come over to my house and try some deer meat?", "Sure but I know how to hunt... can't say I know how cook. Wouldn't want to give you a bad first experience, but I'll try my best to make it tasty!", "That is fine. I found a recipe online from gordon ramsay! Maybe we can figure it out together. I am sure it wont be the same way you have had it before. Who usually makes it for you?", "My hunting buddies wife is a hell of a cook, pretty sure she could make dirt taste good! Speaking of good food, must have been nice having your father be a farmer. Fresh fruits and vegetables everyday sounds great.", "Sure was but it was hard work too. I cant remember a meal on the farm that I didnt earn! It is crazy how different life is now. Being in the city is way different. My older brothers make fun of me now calling me a city slicker!", "I can't imagine living in a city, no nature or anything. Don't you ever miss the good-ole farm life or are you happy to be a \"city slicker\"?", "I miss the farm life for sure. I dont even get to really see deer here. I just happened to stumble upon a specialty meat shop. It must be nice for you to be able to just go out into nature whenever the mood strikes. Dont you have that hunting trip coming up? What was it your were going to hunt?", "Well, here in Oregon there's a lot to chose from to say the least. My usual is just Deer but every once in a blue moon I manage to get an Elk. My wife isn't super into hunting, but we do have a nice Elk head hanging in the living room!", "She must be very understanding! I have never gotten out that way but I imagine hunting can be fun. Being from the country I was the odd man out never having gone deer hunting but I have thought about trying it for quite some time. What do you use to hunt with? I like the idea of a compound bow but a nice rifle gives you more range.", "Rifle all day! Don't know much about using a bow but it does look interesting. I'll use a shotgun as well. Do you have a gun with you in the city to keep you safe from robbers and break-ins?", "Yeah, i have a little 9 mm walther PPS M2. It is small enough to conceal but enough to get someone moving away from you! Do you have to use a certain slug for the elk? Like does a deer slug work for that or do you use the shotgun for other game?", "Mostly use the shotgun for birds, maybe a rabbit or two. How are your brothers doing? Do they approve of your move to the city?"], ["I found an archery range in the city where I can practice, so I went ahead and bought a compound bow.", "That's very cool. How expensive was the bow?", "About $400, but still not a bad investment if I catch the bow hunting bug.", "I've never bow-hunted, but it sounds really hard. You need to come out to Oregon when you do catch the bug. We have tons of deer out here.", "Oh cool. I spent my childhood on a farm and can think of combining hunting with a farmstay in Oregon.", "There's nothing more satisfying than a day of hunting. You work up a big appetite and then you cook the venison. It's absolutely delicious and a great way to spend a day.", "I can see the satisfaction of hunting, but have to confess my preference for cattle fed in a less wild place!", "It's a much easier way to eat, I'll grant you that. Few things beat a medium rare steak. Of course, you don't get the satisfaction of being able to both eat and stuff the head of a cow. LOL.", "I haven't exactly tried eating deer head, but I have tried most other deer body parts -- can recommend the hindquarters.", "I've never eaten the head either. I only stuff the head. I don't think I could actually eat a deer that was staring up at me from the table. LOL.", "I have mixed thoughts about shouldering such a big shotgun that I think would be needed, even though a pistol is manageable for me!", "I totally understand that. But if you go out and shoot a bit before hunting, you'd get a real hang of the shotgun. But I'd love to learn to use the bow. I think you'd be in great shape using that instead of the shotgun!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like working on my father's blue pickup truck.", "I like making friends over breakfast.", "I have a daughter.", "I live on the 32nd floor of an apartment building. I do not have an elevator.", "I work as a plumber. I want to buy a house.", "I do not know what arroz con pollo is. I want to try arroz con pollo.", "I like breakfast burritos. I like Mexican food. I live in America. I do not like Taco Bell.", "I don't have much cooking experience. I don't often use herbs when cooking. I would like some coaching with my cooking."], "partner_persona": ["I am a Mexican.", "I like meeting people. I have many friends.", "I have a daughter. I like poached eggs.", "I would rather live on the street than in an apartment.", "I can cook mexican. I am good at cooking arroz con pollo. my dish of arroz con pollo contains yellow rice, chicken thighs,  spices and sour cream on top. I also make tacos. I like breakfast burritos. I think Taco Bell is a disgrace. I like Chalupas.", "I like salsa and mushrooms in breakfast burritos.", "I know what spices to use to get the most flavor out of food. I like cilantro.", "I'm familiar with cooking Mexican dishes. I would be happy to instruct friends on how to cook."], "current_conv": ["I tried out the recipe you showed me the other day with my Dad. He told me it was great and couldn't believe I cooked it!", "Im so glad your Dad enjoyed the recipe! Which one did you decide to prepare?", "I ended up making those burritos with the mushrooms and the salsa and all that. It was so fresh and so good!", "Thats so exciting. I hope you remembered to add cilantro and hot sauce! Did your son have any?", "Yes, he did! He loved it too. You'll have to show me another recipe the next time you're over. My family can't get enough!", "I make a simple black bean and corn salsa that goes perfect on the side of everything I cook but I'll get to that later. How is the work on the truck coming along? ", "It's coming along, slowly but surely. She should be ready to go pretty soon. I might be able to show you the finished product the next time you're over!", "That would be wonderful! I can't wait until we can take her out for a drive.", "Me too! And that will give me a chance to show you around the town a bit more lol", "What are your favorite sights and places around town? Maybe we can go on a tour of taco stands with the kids!", "You know, there are some great taco stands around. I'll have to show you! There's also a beautiful park downtown where the kids could run around and play. I'd love to show you!", "That all sounds like a perfect day. I know we're in good hands with you as our tour guide for the excursion and heaven knows it couldn't hurt to let the young ones run around and get some energy out."], "history_conv": [["How do you do? Im working on my dads old blue pickup.", "That's good, will you like a mexican to give you a hand?", "Sure! We might finish in time to catch the sunset and a cervesa!", "I like meeting people a lot. I have so many friends.", "I meet most of my friends over breakfast in restaurants. Do you like poached eggs?", "Of course yes I do one of my daughter like making it.", "Yesterday my daughter made it all the way to the 32nd floor and dropped the eggs!", "I do not get that but I know I have a silly daughter too.", "I live up on the 32nd floor, in my apartment building and we have no elevator.", "That's some big exercise daily. I will rather live on the street..", "Me too. Hopefully I get a raise as a plumber and we can move to a house.", "Okay, what is your area of specialization?."], ["Do you have any traditional Mexican dishes that you enjoy making?", "My specialty is arroz con pollo! I will make it for you next time we get together.", "I have never heard of that. What is it make out of?", "It has yellow rice, chicken thighs, and spices. I add sour cream on top. YUM!", "Hey, that sounds delicious. It sounds more like traditional Mexican food.", "I make a mean taco too. I am getting hungry!", "same here I would not mind a breakfast burrito. But I doubt those are Mexican food.", "They are! Good call. I think I will make one now.", "I would like a good traditional Mexican dish. In America they consider Taco Bell Mexican food.", "It is a disgrace. That being said, I love a chalupa!", "I consider Taco Bell Dood Food, lol", "Fair enough! I think many share that opinion."], ["I tried making Arroz con pollo and it was ok but I need your help perfecting my recipe!", "I'll do my best.  Seasoning is very important for arroz con pollo.  What did you use to season your dish?", "Umm... salt and pepper. I know, I need help!", "Yeah, you definitely want to spice it up a bit.  Cumin would add some good flavor and some onion and garlic powder as well.  I prefer fresh onion for this dish, but you can substitute the powder in a pinch.  Did you add any fresh herbs?.", "Ok thank you. I'll be sure to spice things up. I just threw some lettuce in there. I don't have any herbs. What do you recommend?", "Cilantro is a good one.  Just chop it up and scatter it on top of the dish after cooking.", "That's simple enough. Hey, how about you come over one of these nights and coach me? I'm kind of a mess so I think I need even more help.", "Sure, we could whip up some of those breakfast burritos at the same time.  Are there any other Mexican dishes you'd like to try while I'm over there?", "Sweet! I'm thinking you're already a master craftsman in the world of breakfast burritos. Any ideas for making one as tasty as possible?", "It never hurts to add some salsa to those burritos.  Mushrooms are tasty too, but really when it comes to something like that I think you can really just get creative and use all the ingredients you like/", "Sounds good to me! I think I'll get extra crazy when I go grocery shopping and we can decide what to use from there.", "That's a good plan.  What time should I plan on visiting?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love the outdoors. I like to travel. I used to be a veterinarian but I quit.", "I am a singer and a blogger.", "I care about protecting animals. I am a vegan.", "I like to travel abroad. I trekked in Japan.", "I recently rescued a kitten.", "I have a sofa.", "I am passionate about animal rights. I think killing animals for food is wrong."], "partner_persona": ["I love hiking. I like animals.", "I am in love with my neighbor, John, and nobody knows.", "I care about equality. I do not vote.", "I would like to travel abroad. I love traveling.", "I had a cat named Gracie when I was younger.", "I used to be a vegetarian, but I am not anymore."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought of inviting John to go hiking with you? ", "I have but I'm really nervous.  I'm scared to get rejected!", "Let's workshop this. Have you ever seen him with another woman?", "There was a woman that would come over all the time a while ago but I haven't seen her in a year or so.", "Okay, that's a good sign for you and it probably means he's not gay. What does he do for work?", "He's a doctor.  I believe he's a pediatrician.", "That probably means he's a nice guy. Is he very handsome?", "He's the most handsome guy I've ever seen in my entire life.", "To be honest, it's hard to believe that handsome doctor doesn't have women flinging themselves at him. ", "I know.  I've heard he's pretty promiscuous.  Maybe he just doesn't bring any girls home with him.", "Maybe he keeps a secret apartment for that type of stuff! This is all very exciting for me. My life is so, so dull!", "maybe I'll find out! What makes you say that?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm an animal lover! You?", "Well I love to hike so I enjoy the random animals I sometimes see..", "I love outdoors, too. That's why I quit being a veterinarian, so I can travel more.", "Wow cool! Guess what? I have a secret.", "What? Do, tell! I'll tell you mine, too.", "Im actually in love with my neighbor john. Dont tell!.", "Ohhh, okay! I am a singer now...and a blogger.", "Oh wow, if I were a singer I would sing about equality!", "If I were to be political, I'd sing for protecting animals. I keep vegan diet, even!", "That's great! Id vote for you, if I voted, but I don't..", "Haha, thanks! Another thing I love is traveling abroad.", "Wow, I would love traveling abroad so I could hike everywhere..", "Yes, it's awesome! I even trekked in japan.", "How fun! I love traveling, it humbles me and keeps me kind."], ["I was walking down the road and came across a poor, shivering kitten in a box. Naturally, I picked him up and took him home! He's only about 5 weeks old and I'm trying to get him to eat something. I think I might have to take him to the vet because he keeps making this wheezing sound.", "That sound so sad but sweet of you of taking in the poor little kitty", "Yes, there is no way I could have left him, I am happy to give him a home. Have you ever rescued an animal?", "I never have.  It would break my heart if I seen one needing rescuing.", "Oh it does! So have you talked to John recently?", "oh, I forgot I told you about him last time we spoke. I try not to tell others about him. No, I haven't talked to him :(", "That's too bad, do you plan to tell him how you feel?", "I don't know. I need something from him that he feels the same about me.", "Hmm..you may only find out by talking to him. It might be a bigger risk for you not to say anything at all because he may feel the same.", "yea, but it is scary because he may not feel the same as I do and then nothing, not even hope", "Well I am sure you will figure it out. Maybe you should ask him to go for a hike with you.", "I was thinking about that, mentioning I am going on a hike and would he like to join me"], ["My kitten is growing up so fast, the other day she managed to jump up onto a the sofa for the first time.", "Wow! She's getting so big already! Have you trained her to do any tricks yet?", "Not really to be honest. I mostly just enjoy playing with her because she's so darn cute! Have you ever had a cat?", "I did have a cat when I was younger.  Her name was Gracie and she would actually fetch paintbrushes if you threw it across the room for her!", "Oh my gosh that's so cute! I just love animals. I always have since I was a little kid. I used to hold mock protests about animal rights and abuse with my friends.", "That is AWESOME! I love to hear about kids getting involved in their passions early in life.  Have you been a vegan since you were a kid as well?", "My parents used to make me eat meat and stuff when I was really little but I put on a presentation about animal rights and how it was wrong to kill them for food and they accepted that I was serious and let me live my lifestyle. I'd say I was about 11 when that happened. Have you ever gone vegan?", "I was a vegetarian when I was younger but never thought about fully going vegan. That was a while ago, it seems like within the last 5-10 years there have been so many new products on the market that would make going vegan a lot easier.", "There is a ton of stuff out there to help people whether they are seasoned or new to the life. I definitely recommend taking a look at all the items on the market. So how's John?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a kite.", "I am a zookeeper. I recently started working with a giraffe named Charlie. I have not worked with giraffes before.", "I have a bearded dragon. I have a pet raccoon.", "I no longer go to school.", "I enjoy eating salads. I am not good at doing taxes.", "My grandparents are all deceased. I used to watch baseball with my grandparents. I prefer baseball to football.", "I share my salads with the giraffe."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a pizza shop.", "I am a huge fan of Dallas Cowboy.", "I go to college. I am studying to be an accountant.", "I live with my grandparents.", "I like giraffes."], "current_conv": ["You wouldn't believe what Charlie the giraffe just did!", "Oh yeah? What is he up to this time!?", "He started running laps around his habitat! I wish I had that much energy!!", "Haha, what are you feeding him? There must be something good in that giraffe food.", "He just eat's acacia leaves and I am pretty sure they are poisonous to humans! Maybe it's something in the water!", "Yeah it might be. How many other animals do you take care of there?", "We have lots of animals! I only work with the safari animals though! What's your favorite animal?", "I have always loved birds, especially birds of prey. Probably hawks or eagles.", "That's super cool! We have both of those at the zoo but I don't work with them directly!", "Besides giraffes, what is your favorite animal?", "I would say a bearded dragon would be my favorite for sure!", "Those aren't native in the US are they? Aren't they from Central America or something?"], "history_conv": [["It was a windy day today and I flew my kite. What about you?", "I just got home from work, I smell like pepperoni. I work in pizza shop.", "Oh cool! I am a zookeeper at the zoo..", "Wow now that sounds much funner than my job. Wanna trade?", "Sure as long as my bearded dragon and pet raccoon can hang out there!", "Not sure if that would be allowed haha. Do you like football????", "Yes but I like baseball more.", "I am a huge fan of the dallas cowboys!!!", "I'm so sorry. No one really voted to pick america's team, you know?? Haha.", "Haha yeah I guess. Are you in school? College is killing me.", "No, I'm long gone from there.", "Lucky! Im living with my grandparents, in college, and trying to pay bills.", "The bills never end, I'm afraid!", "Oh my gosh I know! When will it stop!? Probably not even after death lol."], ["My work at the zoo just got a new animal!", "So cool! What kind? Does it have a name?", "I know!!  The Giraffe's name is Charlie.", "I love giraffes. They are so beautiful to watch. They seem so chill and mellow.", "He absolutely is.  I am excited to get to work with him.  I've never really worked with giraffes before.  How's school going?", "They love to eat lettuce. Bring him lettuce and you will be fast friends. School is going great! I think I will make a great accountant when I am done.", "I love salads so he is in good company.  We can share my lunch!  Accounting seems like a good plan.  I struggle doing my taxes so I could use your help!", "Once I have my CPA, I sure will! My grandparents are most excited about the help with their taxes too :)", "I will definitely take you up on that!  That's great you will be able to help your grandparents.  My grandparents have all passed away.  I miss them.", "I am so grateful to be able to live with them and spend so much quality time with them. How old were you when yours passed?", "By the time I was 17, they had all passed.  Luckily I was able to spend a lot of time with them during my childhood.  We used to watch Yankee games together, Do they also like the Cowboys?", "They are huge Cowboys fans. They got me into the team!"], ["I made a video of my pet racoon for you. I'll send you a link.", "I'd like to see that.  How old is Charlie?", "Charlie's doing great! I'll let you feed him if you ever make it down my way!", "I think that would be very interesting.  What do giraffes eat anyway?", "Acacia leaves, and lots of them too. A carrot might be a bit easier for a beginner to feed a giraffe. Otherwise, you might get a giraffe tongue on your hand!", "I think that would be OK.  I would prefer not to have an encounter with  the giraffe's teeth though.  Is it safe to fee them?", "Oh don't worry, Charlie's been trained. He wouldn't bite your fingers. His tongue is pretty long and that's what he uses to grab his food up.", "OK then sounds safe enough.  How long have you been working with this particular animal?", "About four months. I often give Charlie some of my salads haha.", "I bet he likes that quite a lot.  Does the zoo have any friends for Charlie or is he the only giraffe they keep?", "Just Charlie. Sadly, we can't take on any more giraffes unless we find one to rescue. That's rare though.", "I would imagine that's true.  I can't imagine how complicated it must be to transport one even after it is recued."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a poor college student. I'm taking summer courses. I teach jiu-jitsu to kids.", "I'm allergic to dairy. I like seafood. My favorite is salmon or tuna. I enjoy raw sushi. I didn't have very good luck making sushi."], "partner_persona": ["I have outstanding student loans.", "I work too much to do anything fun. My job is not stressful. I need a better work-life balance.", "I like meat. I like sushi. I like california rolls. I prefer cooked sushi to raw. Maybe I should take a class about making sushi.", "I want to pay my debt. I am young.", "I worry about bacteria on raw fish. I prefer cooked fish."], "current_conv": ["Since meat is your favorite food, what type is your favorite?", "I think I prefer chicken to anything as it is so versatile. What about you?", "I like chicken but i love lamb and yes i'm in love with lamb chops. I can eat it every day i guess. I don't understand bacon though. ", "I like bacon because it is salty. Great breakfast meat I think. What are your thoughts on sausages?", "I don't know, there is something about bacon i don't like might be because of their feed. I like sausages but the ones made with chicken. You should try those. they have that salty taste you like.", "Strangely enough I am not a fan of chicken sausage. Prefer pork sausage. Maybe you just aren't a fan of pork overall. ", "LOl might be but I'm more of a fish person. did you get around raw fish ?", "No still not a fan of raw fish but have got plans to go fishing with my friend on the weekend. It will be the first time and I am kind of looking forward to it. Have you been fishing before?", "That is great. I hope you get to eat sushi. No, i guess i have to do fishing at some point because of the sushi and tuna i used to eat. Have you tried tuna rolls ?", "Yes, I tried tuna rolls one. I like sushi but still a little reluctant. Maybe after fishing and a sushi making lesson I will be better. Can you make sushi?", "I'm sure once you find the right sauce with it you will never stop. It's a funny story when i tried to make sushi it was disaster.", "What type of sushi did you make? At least it was a memorable experience."], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm a college student, what do you do for a living..", "I work in it. It takes up all my time. Even when I'm at home, I'm only thinking about work.", "Okay. I'm going to take summer courses so I can graduate early..", "I should have done that. I could have avoided some of the student loans I am paying.", "Student loan is the worst. My hobby is martial arts, what your hobby.", "I'm too busy with work for hobbies, but I like listening to black sabbath.", "Okay. I like to teach kids jiu-jitsu.", "How long have you been learning jiu-jitsu?", "For 5 years now. I'm allergic to dairy product. Are you allergic to anything..", "No, I can eat anything. My favorite food is meat. What is yours?", "Favorite food are seafood..", "I like seafood too, especially sushi. I don't go to restaurants though since I am in debt."], ["How's work going so far this week?", "Oh you know, the same as usual, good but wow, too many hours! I managed to go out one night for sushi, but it was brief and alone", "Well, at least you went out. That's a good start. What kind of sushi did you have?", "A california roll, I like to get that once in a while. Maybe if I get a day off from work we can go out and get some sushi together", "That sounds like a plan! My favorite sushi is salmon or tuna. I'm not too adventurous when it comes to sushi. A California roll is a good one. I like those, too.", "Yeah I don't always eat raw sushi, i like the cooked options as well, like smoked salmon with avocado!", "Yum! I do like the raw salmon and tuna, though. When it's good, it just melts in your mouth. Gosh, now I'm hungry for sushi!", "Haha, yes it does! Good to hear you enjoy the fine raw options as well. I can't wait for us to get some time together!", "Yeah, that sounds wonderful. I know you work a lot of hours, but is it stressful work, or just long hours?", "It's not too stressful no, it's just a ton of hours but I agree to do it because I enjoy saving moneyt", "Yep, money is good to have. Ha! Being a poor college student doesn't leave me many opportunities to save money.", "I hear that, I'm still debating whether or not i want to pay back the student loans"], ["Lenders will typically work with you on repayment plans for student loans. It's better to make small payments than no payments at all.", "That makes sense. The lenders want to know that I'm trying to settle my debt. I need to find a better work-life balance though.", "I completely understand that! Don't let the debt overwhelm you, once you get control of it, I hope that you feel less pressure to always be working!", "I want to pay the debt, but I don't want to spend all my time working for the \"man.\" Especially while I'm young. If I won the lottery, I would just pay off the debt. I wouldn't stop working. I don't hate working, just working all the time.", "Life is all about balance, that's for sure! Have you ever tried to make your own sushi?", "I tried once, but it was awful! It just fell apart. I leave it to the pros.", "Haha yes it does take a little practice and a lot of time. Its quite satisfying to do it yourself but it is an art, that's for sure.", "Maybe I should take a class or ten. That might do the trick. I need someone to guide me on making the rice just right, so it doesn't fall apart.", "LOL after my first go at it I'd agree that ten classes would do the trick! The rice is what seemed the trickiest.  And not overloading the roll, which was my struggle.", "Gotcha. It's not as simple as making a sandwich. Can't just load it up with everything and hope for the best.", "Exactly! One time I had to just order in after a failed attempt, oh well! Just thought it'd be a more affordable option.", "I worry about bacteria on the fish. I prefer the cooked stuff because it seems safer. I have tried the raw stuff, but I didn't feel so good after."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am struggling to pay my bills.", "I am an Astronaut. I am currently working for the Russians. I love my job. I cannot think of another job I would like to do. I have been to outer space. I've been on a spaceship.", "I eat meat every day.", "I like Koalas.", "I am impressed by architecture.", "I am familiar with game shows."], "partner_persona": ["My travel bills are very expensive.", "I quit working as a vet. I am know an opera singer.", "I blog about animals and vegan recipes.", "I am a vegan. I used to eat meat until I watched a documentary.", "I have visited Australia. I went to the Sydney Opera House. My favorite animal is the Koala. I held a Koala named Pansy.", "I want to travel to Egypt. I like to travel.", "I want to go to space.", "I feel like a lucky person in contests."], "current_conv": ["I've been asked to board the next shuttle to space again. ", "Oh goodness! That is super exciting! Are you going to do it? ", "I could probably make more money staying on Earth and doing stuff like talks at events, but I really can't pass up an opportunity to be a part f another shuttle launch. I hope that in the future it is easier for the average person to experience it.", "That truly is a once in a lifetime opportunity! And for you, now twice! I think space travel will become more attainable pretty soon. I know some companies are trying to make that happen.", "Yeah, I feel extremely fortunate. Anyone that has been up there will tell you that it really changes your perspective on things. It's one of the thing that made me more interested in traveling.", "I am sure you feel so small and at peace up there. When will your mission make it's trip? I imagine training for space is long and strenuous. ", "It absolutely is! The trip is scheduled for around this time next year. I'm am going to have to get on a pretty strict diet and exercise routine to make sure that I am fit enough for the trip.", "Well if you need some vegan recipes for your diet, I can help with that! I don't know much about space, but I know my health food.", "I could defiantly use some meal ideas. I really like to cook, but I've never really been very good at it though. Any simple to make meals come to your mind?"], "history_conv": [["Yo whats up.", "How do you do!.", "Could be better. Just got my bills pretty expensive.", "I feel you there, traveling has been rewarding but very expensive, even if for work.", "What do you do for work?", "I used to work as a vet, but quit a few years back an sing opera.", "Cool I love my job and sometimes I cant think a bout anything else.", "Understandable, I also blog about animals and vegan recipes, im pretty passionate.", "Wow vegan that must be tough I cant go a day without meat.", "I was the same way until a certain documentary broke me. Lol what do you do?", "I am a astronaut I work for the russians.", "How very interesting! Do you think our generation will make it back to the moon?"], ["Where has been your favorite place to travel to?", "Oh, I think probably Australia. The animals are amazing, and you know I visited the Opera House. I'm sure it doesn't compare to outer space though!", "That sounds fantastic! I would love to go to Australia!", "The koala has always been my favorite animal, but I'd never seen one in real life until I went. I actually got to hold one at a zoo. Her name was Pansy. I was a little worried about mistreatment for tourist money, but Pansy seemed to have a pretty kushy life.", "Wow that sounds amazing! Koalas are so adorable!", "Yes, but they can be quite fierce when they need to. I relate. Their claws are quite weaponous. That isn't really a word, but it should be. Be sure to give me a heads up if you hear from the Russians that it may be better if I permanently relocate Down Under.", "Noted. I will give you a heads up if you need it!", "Thank you. I think it's amazing you get to see the earth from space. How many people can say they've done that?!", "Probably not that many! I wonder if one day everyone will be able to go to space.", "I sure hope so. I'll bet it will cost billions for a while though. We need a different energy source before we do sky busses I suppose. I'm no environmentalist but I can't imagine the pollution would be good otherwise.", "That is so true, the pollution would be a big problem!", "I had a dream last night that I was eating steak! Me! I can't decide if it was my subconscious telling me to eat some meat or if I should just file it under Nightmares."], ["Where do you think you will travel to next?", "I think i will try Egypt. I have good things about it. I think it would be pretty cool to see a pyramid.", "Oh it must be quite a sight. I still think it is unbelievable that they were able to build such impressive structures that far back", "Im sure being in outer space was a sight to see! How was it looking down on earth?", "Absolutely incredible. Putting my finger to the glass and being able to cover up the entire earth was so surreal. And to be one of the few people in history to go into space was such an honor.", "I bet. That is amazing. I would love to go to space! On the bucket list. Fingers cross that is happens", "There's talk of being able to go on a space vacation in our lifetime, but I do not know how realistic that actually is. That would be very cool though!", "I would be the first one to book! We can only hope that something like that could come in our lifetime", "I would be so interesting to see advertisements on YouTube or tv about taking a vacation in space. I can only imagine the cost! It's going to be crazy!", "Well it gives me time to save lol. Hopefully I will have enough or get win a trip through some sort trail for it.", "Just try to get on the price is right or wheel of fortune, I am sure they'll offer a space trip as a grand prize one day haha", "I could do that! I feel like I have a good chance at winning one of those games"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 2 kids. My kids are 5 and 3. I love taking naps.", "I like eating fast food while I paint. I love Chipolte.  I like to eat healthy.", "I work a government job.", "I like scary movies. I want to see A Quiet Place 2 also. I did not like scary movies when I was a kid.  I like scary movies now I am older.", "I am a painter.  I painted some art from horror films. I like horror films.", "I like Halloween, The Cabin in the Woods, and Hannibal. I like to paint people in costumes.", "I've read books about painting. I learned how to paint on my own.", "I have dreams about paintings."], "partner_persona": ["I have dogs.", "I like taking naps. My favorite food is burger and fries. I love burrito bowls from Chipolte.", "I went to school in Spain. I learned how to paint a little while in school.", "I have two dogs, their names are Bounty and Snickers.", "My favorite type of music is Country.", "I inherited my parents movie theater. I like scary movies. I want to see A Quiet Place 2.  I have see A Quiet Place 1. I saw a scary movie as a kid and was scared for days.", "I like art inspired by scary movies.", "I want to try painting.", "I don't think painting would come naturally to me. I learned how to draft the basic shape of fruit.", "I have strange dreams about watching horror movies."], "current_conv": ["Did you have any weird dreams lately?", "No, weird dreams but I have this one recurring dream where no matter how hard I press the brakes my car won't fully stop.lol ", "I'm sure some psychologist would tell you there's a grand meaning behind that. I think it probably just means you need to get your car serviced!", "I actually did that today. I got an oil change and an alignment. It cost 175 which is painful but necessary. Have you watched any good horror films lately? I need some recommendations.", "No. YOu're the one who should be giving recommendations. You're the only person I know who works in the movie business!", "This have been slow lately but mid summer there should be more new titles. I just saw the new Ryan Reynolds movie. He's one of my favorites in the comedy genre.", "He's very likeable, but it seems like he plays the exact same character type in every movie. ", "Yeah, I can agree with that but I enjoy his humor so as long as I don't watch too many of his movies back to back I enjoy them. What's your favorite comedy?", "I'm not sure that I have a favorite, but I did watch Tommy Boy this weekend and it was hilarious. It made me kind of sad seeing how funny Chris Farley was.", "I used to watch his movies when I was a kid.  It is sad knowing what happened to him and realizing now that I'm older that he was only 33 when he passed.", "I know, the most shocking thing watching the movie was how young he looked in it. He'd probably be almost 60 if he was still alive.", "Thinking about that actually makes me feel old now.lol  I think my favorite movie of his was Beverly Hills Ninja.  Totally ridiculous but very 90s lol"], "history_conv": [["Hey. Sorry, just put my 2 kids to bed. What's new?", "Its okay, just chillin with my dogs. How old are your kid?", "They're 5 and 3. They sure make you need naps. I love naps anyway.", "I like naps too, especially after eating my favorite, burgers and fries.", "That'll do it. I like eating fast food while I paint.", "I did a little painting at school in spain.", "Nice. I paint but I also really like avery movies. Where do you work?", "As the only child, I took over my parents movie theater.", "Cool. I meant scary. Silly auto correct. To think I work in government too. Jeez.", "I like scary movies too, my dogs bounty & snickers keep me company lol.", "Well at least you won't be as scared then..", "What kind of music do you like? Country is my favorite."], ["Are you looking forward to A Quiet Place 2? That's the only scary movie I know that is coming out.", "Oh my gosh, yes! I saw the first one and it was pretty scary! Will you have a chance to watch it when the kids aren't around?", "I really hope so! I would love to watch it!", "I guess they are way too young to see a scary movie. I remember watching my first horror movie when I was a kid. I hid in my room for days! Now if I get scared I just hug my dogs super tight.", "I was never a fan of horror movies when I younger, but I am now that I am older!", "Maybe you can introduce your kids to some of your favorites once they get a bit older. Have you ever painted something inspired by a horror film? I've seen some pretty scary works of art inspired by Halloween and Friday the 13th!", "I have painted some artwork from horror films!", "That's awesome. You'll have to show me sometime. I haven't painted since I was in Spain, but maybe A Quiet Place 2 will inspire the artist in me to come back out.", "Painting is really fun! You should try it out again!", "I definitely will. You'll have to tell me what fast food you enjoy eating while you paint. Maybe that is your secret to success!", "I love eating Chipotle because it is healthy!", "Oh, Chipotle! I love their burrito bowls. I think I'll get to eat tonight. I'll just have to hide it from the dogs."], ["I found my paintings that I did from some horror films so that I can show you when we meet", "Which horror films were they from?", "Halloween, The Cabin In the Woods, and Hannibal. I feel these are some of the best ones. I put a lot of work into them. Have you seen any of those movies?", "I bet there were some really good scenes to paint from those films. I'd like to have a go at painting but no idea where to start.", "I feel painting should come natural. I've read a few books about painting, but I'd say 99% of how I learned to and what I know about painting came from just sitting down and painting and seeing what works for me. The first thing I painted that was quite decent was a picture of an apple on a kitchen table.", "Oh really? I fear that I might not be cut out for painting then. It is something that definitely does not come naturally to me.", "Well, you could train yourself so that it does come natural. I also like to paint people dressed in scary costumes. I once painted a scene of one of my kid wearing his Chucky costume as he was running around in one of Freddy Kreuger's nightmares.", "Is that possible, to train yourself? I do like art about scary movies. Maybe I should try what you did and choose my favorite film and see what comes to mind.", "Yes, you can train yourself to feel natural doing anything. What did you paint while in Spain?", "It was nothing very good. I learnt mostly how to draft the basic shape of fruit. Not very exciting!", "That's a good start. That is similar to how I started. Sometimes I have dreams about the paintings I do. They are weird and scary.", "What makes them weird? I always have strange drams right after watching a horror film."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Stephanie.", "I have two dogs, a black lab and golden retriever. I love to hike with my dogs. I take my dogs everywhere.", "I have a dad that works as a fireman.", "I like to read.", "I am working on an event for bring your pet to work day for volunteers and animals for the critical care unit.", "I think dogs are more trainable than cats. I may include cats in my event also.", "I am a volunteer at my local hospital where my mom works. I am not familiar with nursing homes or assisted living facilities.", "I plan on researching local nursing homes or assisted living facilities for bring your pet to work day.", "I'm throwing an event at a hospital.", "i go on walks often.", "I hunt deer for sport. I like venison."], "partner_persona": ["I love to hunt. I take my dog deer hunting. I love animals. I think hunting helps control the deer population.", "I like to read.", "I think a cat purring is therapeutic. I have a cat named Henry and a friendly dog named Ollie. My dog is a Catahoula Leopard.", "I have a fenced in yard. I have a camera in my yard. I have nextdoor neighbors.", "I hunt deer and give the bodies to a museum for display. Sometimes I eat the meat of the deer I hunt."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever been to one of the museums that that has your deer on display?", "I have visited a few museums that have my deer on display. It feels like an honor that they would use something I have provided. Were you able to research nursing homes or assisted living facilities? ", "I did some research, but I still have some research to do. That's great that the museums have your stuff on display. What does deer meat taste like?", "Venison has such a unique taste. While it can be made into almost anything; it often tastes more strong or gamey than beef. Personally, my favorite way to eat venison is as a burger with bleu cheese and shallots. I think it helps to take away from some of the strong flavor deer has. Do you have a favorite deer recipe that you like?", "One time I had strips of venison grilled on a fire. That was great. The meat was very lean, and it had to be served medium rare, almost rare. But it was tasty. I can see why you would add cheese: a bit of fat would round out the flavor.", "You are absolutely correct on in it being very lean. I had never tried deer sausage, and recently was given some to cook and try. Unfortunately, I think I left it on the grill too long and ir was horribly dry. Next time I think I will try to cook it in more of a fatty liquid.", "I know some people with grind up the gamier meats (deer, elk) and mix it with ground beef to balance out the fat content. You're right that the deer population needs to be controlled. Not problem culling a few animals since they will overpopulate and destroy their environment. You have a cat and a dog. Do they get along? Do they like the taste of deer?", "Henry and Ollie do get a long for the most part. Sometimes Henry will try to play with Ollie when he is tired and he gets a bit annoyed, but usually they are always together. Both do like deer meat, and any time that I make it you can find them waiting right by the stove. One time Henry climbed on top of Ollie and attempted to steal a piece for them to share, but I was pretty quick to their trick. Do both of your dogs like deer as well?", "My two rascals will eat damn near anything, but I try to keep them on a healthy diet. Some owners treat their dogs like garbage disposals. I never give my dogs leftovers. They need the right kind of food. I've read a lot about doggie diets, and I am convinced that it is wrong to give your pets human food. ", "Oh, I was unaware that human food was unsafe for animals. I had been reading on raw meat diets for dogs specifically after a friend had told me he saw some videos on Youtube regarding dogs and pack mentalities. I think I will do some more research before continuing to give my pets anymore food that isn't specifically for them. Thank you for telling me that. The last we spoke, you had mentioned an event you were putting together at the hospital, is that corect?", "Well, we're getting a bit tight on time here. We should probably think about wrapping this up. I'm glad to swap stories about our pets. Maybe we'll have a chance to chat again in the future!", "I look forward to it Stephanie. Great talking to you."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Nice to meet you! I'm stephanie.", "Hi, do you like outdoors? I love to hunt.", "I love to go hiking with my dogs..", "That's cool. I have a dog I take with to deer hunting.", "I take my dogs everywhere. I love being out with them.", "I love animals and care about wild life. It helps to control deer population in our area.", "My dad works for the forestry dept as a firemen.", "That's so cool! Thank you what you do!", "I enjoy reading in my spare time and doing charitable work.", "You and your dad both have serving heart! I like to read, too, when I'm not hunting...", "I like to volunteer at the hospital where my mom works.", "How many dogs do you have?"], ["I am planning a day where volunteers and employees can bring their pets to the hospital and visiting the critical care unit. I read that cuddling animals can help people in pain feel more comfortable.", "that's amazing. animals are such a comfort. would you mostly focus on dogs? or other animals too", "Probably dogs, dogs are more trainable than cats", "yeah, that's true. the right cats can be so therapeutic though because of their purring. I always joke that my cat named henry would be a great therapy cat because he's so snuggly. what types of training would the dogs need, do you think? specialized commands?", "I think just basic sit and stay commands. You may be right about cats. I think I would include cats too.", "it's nice to have options. would you consider expanding your program to nursing homes or assisted living facilities?", "I volunteer at the local hospital so I am not familiar with the other places. So I do not how it would work at those places", "that makes sense. I was just thinking about how the elderly would benefit from something like this too.", "They definitely would, I think I would look into it.", "I don't know how people could ever live wihtout animals. when i'm old I hope I can still have pets wherever i am. I love my dog.", "Dogs are great. They are always happy and always want to please you.", "that's so true. they're good companions. do you enjoy having pets?"], ["How is your cat Henry doing?  If I include cats in my event would you bring him into the hospital?", "Henry is great! Super happy all the time. I would bring him however, my dog Ollie might be a better fit. He loves hanging out and seeing people. Henry is a little trouble maker at times, you know?", "I'm glad to hear that the cat is happy. I usually find cat to be grumpy. Maybe I'm the reason they're grumpy? LOL.", "Cats aren't for everyone! They pick up on a lot. They are smart little things. What types of dogs do you have?", "I have a black lab and a golden retriever. Both very good boys! They love to run around outside. Every time I stand up, they think we're going for a walk! LOL", "They sound amazing. Ollie is a Catahoula Leopard, so same, he thinks we are always going outside for a walk. I am lucky, I have a fenced in yard, so he can run around.", "Some dogs try to dig under the fence and get out. They can't stand being confined. I haven't had that problem yet, but I take them for walks quite often.", "Ollie doesn't know he can do that... so far! I do have camera and my neighbors also have a fence, so he wouldn't get very far.", "Some people think hunting is cruel, but the deer population gets out of control and it's bad for the whole ecosystem. I don't have a problem with that kind of hunting because it's not cruel. What do you do with the animal carcass?", "There's a place in town that preserves them and puts them on display in museums.", "Ok. I figure some people use the deer for the meat. I've had venison. Very lean and tasty.", "I do that occasionally, but there's just so much, usually."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like pizza. I have 3 kids. They play baseball. My oldest son is 12 years old. I have kids and animals.", "I have chickens. I live on a farm. I have 2 dogs.", "I am developing an app for dog walking. I have a job.", "My kid helps me on the farm. I am married.", "One of our sheep just gave birth. We named the lamb Herald. We also have goats, chickens and hogs on the farm. About 50 animals altogether.", "I think of myself as a pizza connoisseur."], "partner_persona": ["I have a job making pizza. I love cooking pizzas in my pizza oven.", "I don't have any pets. I live in a small apartment.  I like dogs. I want a little dog.", "I am in college. I have limited finances.", "I like football.", "I want to be a billionaire. I'm going to be a business major.", "I would love to own a pizza restaurant."], "current_conv": ["Did you look into adopting a small dog?", "I'm still looking into it but I'm not sure, i really want a pug. what do you recommend?", "What makes you want a pug? If that's what your gut is telling you, I bet that's what you'd love the most.", "I like being funny and pugs are also funny the way they make people confuse with their eyes lol. I think we'll be great buddies. Which ones do you have?", "I'm sure you would love one then! I have a sweet little beagle and a feisty pomeranian. They can be a handful sometimes, but I wouldn't trade them for the world.", "That is so sweet. I'll install your dog walking app once it is ready and we will plan a dog meet up and I'll bring my pug.  ", "I'm sure that would be a fun time! Maybe we could make a pizza together too.", "that is perfect. 6you can tell me about all those pizza joints. Which one do you think is the best flavor in pizza? ", "I think it really depends on what you're ordering and at which place. There are all kinds of pizzas I love at some places and hate at others! I've actually been making a list of my favorite places for each kind of pizza. We'll have to try them all and see if you agree!", "Definitely we have to do that. I hope there are no pineapple on them though. I just can't do that one LOL.", "A lot of people don't like it. I can't say it's one of my favorites, but I try it every once in a while. I think it goes pretty well with ham or pepperoni! The combination of salt and sweetness is actually not that bad.", "You're right with sweet and sour taste, i tried it once with jalapenos but i don't think i will try it anymore. Pepperoni is just the best.  "], "history_conv": [["Just got home and fed the chickens. What are you up to?", "Just got off work. Made pizzas all day and not I'm chilling.", "Love pizza, so do my 3 kids!", "Everyone loves pizza ;p I don't have any kids yet.", "No kids, any dogs? We have 2 on the farm.", "No dogs. I live in a small apartment and can't have pets. I love dogs though.", "Working on a dog walking app. Love my job!", "Cute. What's the app going to do? Walk the dog for the owner?!", "Like an uber for dog walkers!", "Interesting. Maybe I could be a walker - I'm in college and need money.", "Look out for it and sign up!", "I will do that when it's up!.", "Make a little money, get some fresh air...win, win!", "Absolutely. Gives me something to do in the summer, during fall I'm about football."], ["I went to my kid's baseball practice this afternoon, he got a home run!", "that's so great! was he excited?", "Oh you bet! The whole team was so proud of him and we went out after to celebrate with pizza and ice cream", "that's great. kids need wins like that for their self esteem. I hope the pizza was good, too -- I know my way around a pizza oven myself! how old is your kiddo?", "I know, I wish we could have stopped by your place for pizza, but maybe next time. My big guy who made the home run is 12!", "aww that's such a good age! he must have felt like big man on campus. does he put all those arm muscles to good use helping you on the farm?", "Yep, everyday! Work on a farm never ends and keeps us all in great shape! Just the other day he helped his pa with the birth of a sheep!", "how cool is that! I bet that type of everyday labor is really great exercise and contributes to that home run swing of his. eeee baby sheep! was the birth smooth and healthy?", "It is, a body in motion stays in motion! Yes everything went smoothly, a healthy baby boy that we named herald!", "that's a cute name :-) do you have a lot of animals on the farm?", "We have about 50 all together, comprising of some sheep, goats, chickens, hogs", "wowza! do you raise them for specific purposes or just to have them?"], ["Herald is growing so quickly! He's already running around with his mama.", "That is so sweet. My apartment is so small, I can't imagine what it's like to have all the space of your farm!", "You know, between all of my kids and animals, the farm doesn't always feel so big these days. lol!", "I bet! I would love to get a little dog who wouldn't mind living in an apartment.", "Apartments are perfect for little dogs. You should make the jump and get yourself a friend. Maybe you could even sneak him into college with you! lol!", "I could put him in my sweatshirt and bring him to class if he was real tiny! Nah, I'd probably need your dog walking app so someone could check on him during the day!", "Finger's crossed that I can get it done and that it will take off. I don't want to talk about it too much or I'll jinx it. I'd love to make me some Oprah money, though. lol! Speaking of money, have you picked a major yet?", "Um yeah, billionaire is the goal obviously! That's why I'm majoring in business! Seriously though, I like business and could do a lot of different things with the degree.", "Maybe you could make your passion for pizzas a career. A business degree would help you open up your own Pizzeria. You know how highly I think of your Italian cooking!", "Aw thanks! I can't believe you think I'm that good! I really would love to have a pizza restaurant. And you HAVE to have a mind for business for a restaurant to be successful!", "Of course. You know that I like to think of myself as a bit of a pizza connoisseur. I've never had a pizza better than the one that you make. Ever!", "Wow! Thank you! You are really inspiring me to pursue this dream!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Brad.  I go to university. I am a computer science and engineering student. I am working on a masters degree. I have 1 year left. I used to be in a fraternity, from which I got kicked out. I might go back for my masters degree.", "I work at a pizza shop.", "I like football. I like the Dallas Cowboys. I do not enjoy soccer. I love playing tennis.", "I don't like to read.  I live with my grandparents in an apartment.", "I am left handed.", "I have worked at an internship. I am planning to go back to the same company as an intern this summer.", "I have connections to a law firm in Sacramento.", "I used to work for a small software company. I'm hoping to work for them again."], "partner_persona": ["I am a pre-law student. I am a student at UCLA. I have 3 more semesters left. I plan to go to law school. I work at Burger King.", "I'm not interested in football. I like movies. I don't like horror movies.", "I like to read. My favorite author is John Grisham.", "I live with my sister. My sister is married. My sister's husband is from England.", "I am a Bruins fan. I like tailgating. I don't like to watch soccer. I like to watch tennis. I do not play tennis. I am a fan of Roger Federer. I have been to the US Open and Wimbledon.", "I am looking for a pre-law internship for the summer.", "I am in school. I want to get a good job so I can live on my own."], "current_conv": ["I just found out about another law firm here that's offering internships. This one is actually paid, believe it or not! Do you want me to put you in touch with them?", "Absolutely that would be awesome.  It's not only what you know that's important but who you know. Networking is harder than school I'd say. How is school going for you?", "It's going pretty well, but I'm ready for it to be done so I can start making some real money. I'm sick of smelling like pepperoni.", "Yeah, I bet. I worked at a deli for 2 weeks and quit cause I was tired of coming home smelling like ham and having meat shavings on my clothes. No shame in honest work but I'm excited to put my degree to work.", "Me too, I'm ready to sit at a desk for 50 hours a week but only do about 8 hours of real work and the spend the rest of time trolling people online.", "Haha you must a Redditor. Maybe some day businesses will actually realize the standard work day isn't at all the most productive use of company time. I don't know anyone who puts in a full uninterrupted day.", "I really do think I could be a quality full-time internet troll. I haven't figured out the pay scheme yet, but that's really my dream job.", "If you've never heard of him then google Ken M.  He's a quality online troll but isn't mean or negative. He trolls for good not evil.lol", "I kind of want to be a mean troll, or rather, I think that's where my talents lie. I don't want to put artificial limits on my self. I feel it wouldn't be right to stifle my natural instincts to be mean.", "Well I don't enjoy being mean myself but I think the internet would feel like a foreign place if there wasn't someone out there sowing anarchy.lol", "Precisely. If you ever run into someone on the internet who says they have a one-legged dog and they live in a bus that looks like a mushroom who wants to give you dating advice, it's probably just me.", "I've seen 3 legged dogs but no one-legged.  That's got to be super hard to get around.lol"], "history_conv": [["Sup, I'm brad, I go to university u..", "Hey! I go to ucla and work at a burger king.", "Sweet bro, I work at a pizza shop myself. Like football?", "No, im more of a movie buff, but scared to watch horror movies.", "Understandable. Well my fave team is the dallas cowboys. Know whats lame?", "Do you read? I read a lot of books from john grisham, he is my fav!", "Nah, I don't. It's lame, I live with my grandparents in an apartment..", "I live with my only sister mary. She is married to dave.", "I never liked dave. I got kicked out of my fraternity house. Guess why.", "Did you cut the roses and fern? Cause thats my favorite aroma.", "Um? I dont think so. I got kicked out because im not right-handed.", "Lets go watch a movie. No horrors tho. Im scared of them.", "Haha! Yes im totally in for a non-horror film.", "We can then grab some burgers at my job!"], ["What classes are you taking this semester?", "I am taking a lot of pre-law classes this semester.  Constitutional Law and Criminal Law.  I am really enjoying them!", "Oh wow that's has to be crazy difficult!  How many semesters do you have left of pre-law?  Do you plan on applying to any law schools afterwards?", "It is a bit difficult but I am so interested in the material that it's not bad at all!  I have 3 more semesters left at UCLA.  My plan  - at least for now - is to go to Law School afterwards!  How about you, Brad? What are you studying?", "Good luck with that!  Right now I'm studying ;computer science and engineering.  I only have 1 more year left in my schooling so I'm pretty excited to get out and start my career.  May go back for my masters afterwards though.  Getting kicked out of the fraternity was a big wake up call for me.  Are you trying to get anything lined up for after your undergrad like an internship or anything?", "Thanks! Both of those subject areas are very valuable for a career.   The technology space is booming with jobs!  Sometimes wake up calls push us on a good path so at least you are doing something positive out of a bad situation.   I am actually looking to get a job / internship at a law firm this summer.   I am hoping to get experience and start saving for law school - it is expensive!!", "Yeah good luck!  I had lot's of experience with my internship they are so valuable, and especially can lead to lot's of connections.  I highly recommend them to get your foot in the door at places.  I'm currently getting things lined up with my former internship too!  I hope you get one!", "I completely agree!  I want to has as many options as possible after I graduate.  Fingers crossed for both of us!   Are you watching the Cowboys this weekend?  My sister's husband is super excited about it.", "That is exciting.  Not this weekend, the season hasn't started yet, but I'm super excited for the next upcoming season it should be good!  I know you don't watch too much football but I'm sure it's hard to escape at UCLA especially it being a football school right?", "Ha! I think when he said \"football\" he may have meant soccer.  He is from England, after all!  And yes! While I don't love watching the games, it's hard to escape being a Bruins fan.  It's fun to tailgate and I do like the energy it brings to the school!  Are you into Soccer at all? I find it hard to watch as well. I much prefer tennis.", "I'm not that into soccer, I do prefer tennis though!  I play some at the rec on and off.  It is a lot of fun and very exercise intensive which helps on campus.  Do you play tennis or just watch it?", "I don't really play too much but absolutely love watching it.  My favorite player is Roger Federer.  I've been to the US Open several times and went to Wimbledon once!  It was incredible!  Have you ever been to a live match?"], ["I was talking with some of my buddies, who know some of the pre-law kids here and It seems one of them has a connection with one of the tope firms here in Sacramento! They are looking for a pre-law intern to work with their IP team. Interested? I can connect you two.", "Wow! That would be great! I could really benefit from getting my foot in the door at a place like that.", "Alright if yout take them up on their offer maker sure they don't take advantage of you. The company I work with was good so I'm going back.", "What company are you working with? It's great that it's been working out for you so well.", "I was working with a small company that's working on computer programs you probably wouldn't have heard of them. I'm lucky I heard interning can be a pain.", "Yeah, a lot of my classmates have mentioned getting burned by them, so I've been pretty nervous about it. Do you think your place is likely to hire you after this summer?", "I hope so. It's not perfect, but I do like the people I worked with. If I do hopefully you can follow in my footsteps and the same thing will happen to you.", "Yeah, it'd be really nice to get a decent job and be able to move out of my sister's place. I'm sure you can relate.", "Of course, you don't know how many times I have to hear the \"news\" at 1 am in the morning. At least you have a cool Brit around.", "Yeah, you probably have it a bit rougher than me. Would your company pay for you to complete your masters degree if they ended up hiring you?", "I haven't looked into it, do companies usually do things like that?", "I think it's pretty common. I think it'd be a good thing to look into. It could really boost your career prospects."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not have children. I have tattoos on my ankles and on my wrists. I have angel tattoos on my back to share memories of loved ones.", "I like drinking coffee. I don't eat healthy. I love fast food. I prefer McDonald's. I know it would be better for me to not eat fast food, but I find it too delicious.", "I live in my mother's cafe in New York.", "I am 18 years old. I don't own a car. I walk everywhere.", "I collect photos of local graffiti.", "I have had a near-death experience.", "I like healthy foods. I like turkey wraps.", "I like birthday cake flavor or red velvet."], "partner_persona": ["I like tattoos. I am a mother. I have a 10-year-old daughter.", "I like cooking healthy food. I enjoy fruit. I like fast food, particularly Taco Bell.", "I watch action movies.", "I live in California.", "I am 30 years old.", "I like Italian wraps. I like turkey too.", "I love cupcakes. I like chocolate chip cookie dough flavor."], "current_conv": ["Have you had any cupcakes this week?", "I made chocolate cupcakes with my daughter last night! They are her favorite!", "That sounds like fun. I will have to try doing that with my kids at some point. They are getting to that age where they are curious as to what goes on in the kitchen.", "I thought you didn't have kids? They do seem to grow quickly lol! I am thinking about having another kid soon!", "I meant my nieces. They spend so much time with me at my Mother's cafe that I think of them as my own.", "Aw that's so sweet! How old are they?", "The youngest is 5 and the older one is 7.", "That is such a fun age! I miss when my daughter was younger!", "They are so precious. I can't wait until they get older and we can do more things, but I know before I blink they will be teenages.", "I know right! It is exciting watching them grow into their independence though! ", "It is, but I guess I'm pretty young myself, and I am kind of going through the same thing, how ironic!", "Yes! I bet your mother feels the same way about you! I love being a mom!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, are you into tatoos like me?", "Hi, yes I'm into tattoos. I'm a mother are you a parent too.", "No kid but I have 2 tatoos on my back of angels.", "Okay. That is nice. I like to cook some healthy food..", "I also have two tats on my ankle and one on my wrist.", "Okay that a lot of tats. I have one. I like to watch action movies..", "I don't eat healthy because I live drinking coffee.", "Too much coffee is not good. I do live california were do you live..", "I sleep in my mother's cafe in new york.", "Okay free coffee. I am 30 years old, how old are you..", "I'm 18 and don't own wheels so I walk everywhere.", "Okay you young. Save your money when you ready to buy a car..", "I also collect photos of local graffiti as a hobby.", "That great. You like the arts."], ["How old are your kids? What is the secret to getting them to eat healthy food?", "I have a 10 year old girl and find that its easiest to not push too much on them. Just sticking with what they like and introducing something new little by little.  That might help you when you have kids of your own!", "Haha, I have enough trouble getting myself to eat healthy food! Is there any health food in particular that you and your daughter enjoy?", "Well we both like fruit! That's a good place for you to start as its sweet and more enticing than say vegetables. Do you eat a lot of fast food?", "I'm a big fan of fast food because I can eat it on the move and just pick it up as needed. Short answer: Yes!", "I agree that it is easy and tasty! We eat it sometimes, usually Taco Bell. What is your favorite?", "For me, it's got to be McDonald's. I am not in the least bit ashamed to say. Give me a Big Mac any day.", "No shame here. I am know to love their cheeseburgers! Maybe you can get a \"M\" tattooed on your arm!", "My love of the golden arches probably doesn't stretch that far! I should be eating healthily, but the fast food outlets are just too tempting!", "True, you would be left with it forever! What is your favorite one/", "My favorite tattoo has got to be my angel wings. Because I'm a little bit of an angel in a way. Have been a bit too close to death for comfort.", "Wow, I guess you live a wild life. Maybe take it easy and avoid thiose scary situations. Your mom would be happier!"], ["I saw an advertisement for a new healthy fast food alternative. I think I should tell McDonald's to make something healthy also.", "I think that's a good idea. What kind of food is in your mother's cafe?", "She has fruit parfaits, donuts, muffins, bagels, sandwiches, cup cakes and all sorts of things! She also has a lot of healthy alternatives including wraps and low calorie and no gluten muffins!", "I love wraps! I should visit the cafe next time I'm in New York. Have you lived there your whole life?", "I love wraps too! Yes, I have lived here my whole life! You should definitely come to visit and I can show you around the area! What kind of wrap would you get from my mom's shop if you came?", "Maybe some type of Italian wrap. Do you ever eat wraps?", "Yes I love them they're my favorite! I like turkey the best!", "Oh I like turkey too. So what made you decide to get the angel tattoos?", "I got the angles for my loved ones that have passed. I like to think they are looking over me and my mom! My mom makes special cupcakes and has deals when we come upon an anniversary of a loved one, that way we can share in their memory!", "Oh that's so nice. I love that. Cupcakes are a guilty pleasure of mine. What's your favorite flavor?", "I like the birthday cake flavor or red velvet! What is your favorite?", "I like chocolate chip cookie dough flavor."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am on vacation. I know how to scuba dive.", "I am in Hawaii. I burnt one time in Hawaii because I forgot sunscreen. I got  back from vacationing in Hawaii.  I went to O'ahu. I needed a break.", "I used to be a US Marine. My work with the Marines damaged my relationship with my wife. I am single because my divorce was recently finalized. We used a mediator.", "I gain weight easy and have a hard time loosing it. My metabolism wants to hold everything.", "I have experience with relationships and attraction."], "partner_persona": ["I am getting a pair of new glasses. I have red hair. I like dressing casually.", "I would love to go to Hawaii, but right now I can't afford it because of the divorce.", "I don't like being on my own. We're just getting started with the divorce paperwork. She left me because I was too skinny and unattractive. I'm not unhealthy. I  can't really do much about it. Both my parents were thin. I've always been thin. My metabolism is just high. I don't have a lot of muscle. I've tried to bulk up, but I can't.", "I can't add any muscle.", "I might travel to Hawaii."], "current_conv": ["Did you book your trip to Hawaii yet?", "Have you had any luck losing the weight your body has been stubbornly holding onto?", "No, I haven't. I have stabilized my weight by changing my diet. I cut out a lot of junk food. If I can get more exercise, I might make a dent in my weight.", "I have not been able to book my trip yet, but I am planning to around fall or winter this year. Do you have any recommendations on where I could stay or what I should see? I am so glad to hear that your weight has stayed stable. I have been trying to bulk up before I plan my trip. I have been using a lot of protein and trying to life 5 days a week.", "Oahu and Maui are good starting places for tourists. Make sure you're ready for the sun. The outdoors is great, but you need to protect your skin!", "Being a red head, I am already pretty fair. I plan on using 50 spf sunblock, and an umbrella when I am there. I have heard there is really cool volcano in Hawaii. Is it on one of those islands?", "Yes, they do. The temperature change can be a bit surprising, when you go from sea level to the top of the volcano on a hike. The view is great though. ", "I imagine it is so much more sunny and hot as you go up in elevation. Did you take a lot of pictures while you were there? I bet the scenery is unbelievable. ", "Yes, there are some pretty views. Bring your camera/phone. Also, be ready for some exertion. Going up the trail takes some effort. If I hiked that trail more often, I would lose the weight that I need to lose. ", "I think I should start working on my legs so I can trek up the trails. I have been planning on getting a new camera for the trip, so that I can take a lot of pictures", "Going for walks would help you get ready for hikes. Most tourists just want to lie on the beach and sip drinks. I like to get away from the touristy places. ", "So do I. I enjoy seeing the beach for a day or two, but I want to experience all the exciting and new things Hawaii has to offer. It is not every day I get to go there and who knows when I might see it again. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you?", "Hi! I am good, did you have a good day?", "Yes, I'm on vacation and I got to go scuba diving. What did you do today?", "I went shopping for new glasses!", "I forgot my sunglasses, and I'm in hawaii. I need to buy some.", "I would like hawaii but with my red hair I would burn in the sun!", "Sunscreen is important. When I first visited, I forgot mine and got burnt.", "That would be bad! I would fit in there with my casual clothing choices1.", "Yeah, no one dresses up much here! I used to have to wear my us marines uniform.", "Thank you for serving our country!.", "Thank you! I was proud to serve, but it damaged my relationship with my wife.", "I am sorry. My wife left me because I was too skinny.", "I'm sorry to hear that. My divorce was just finalized. It's hard being single again.", "Yes it is. Most people do not like my red hair either."], ["Just got back from vacationing in Hawaii. It's so weird being in the house without my wife. I'm thinking of selling it and maybe getting an apartment.", "Yes, divorce is hard. I don't like being on my own, but I'm getting used to it. How was Hawaii?", "the weather was amazing and the views were great.  The food was great too.  They have seafood food trucks!", "Fantastic! Did you do any scuba diving while you were there? I hear it's a great spot. I would love to go, but right now I can't afford it because of the divorce. Boy, those things are expensive!", "Yea i went to O'ahu, the wrecks of USS YO-257 are there it was amazing seeing history.  And yea trips like this are expensive but I needed a break.", "Wow! That sounds amazing. And right up your alley, military-wise. I hear you about needing a break. We're just getting started with the paperwork and there's a lot of it! I don't know if I can afford a good lawyer. Did you use one, or did you go through a mediator?", "We used a mediator.  It ended up pretty amicable as she wanted out and I was not going to force her to stay so i just let it go.  I mean it sucks and it hurts but its probably for the best.", "Yeah, a mediator is what we're going to use, if we can find one. There is a lot of animosity between us, though. She says she left me because I was too skinny. How weird is that?", "I mean thats a pretty out there thing and it's not like you are hurting other or yourself because of it.  If she cant get past that it might be for the best.", "Yeah, I think there's more to it than just me being skinny. I'm not unhealthy or anything, I'm just thin. I can't really do much about it, since it's a genetic thing. Both my parents were thin.", "I dont see how thats a bad thing.  I gain weight easy and have a hard time loosing it my metabolism wants to hold everything.", "I'm just the opposite. I've always been thin. I guess my metabolism is just high. I don't have a lot of muscle either. I've tried to bulk up, but I just can't."], ["So how is it going with your divorce process?", "It goes about as well as one can expect. Painful emotionally, but working through. Was it hard for you?", "It was much easier than expected, but that might be because we used a mediator.", "That's a good idea. Maybe I'll look into that. I hate her reasoning for this whole thing", "Our reasoning was the Marines. It destroyed our relationship. What is your wifes reason for the divorce if you don't mind me asking?", "She thinks I'm too skinny. She finds me unattractive.", "Oh that is horrible! Especially if you have looked the same since y'all first got together.", "I've been back and forth. Mostly always skinny. I just can't seem to bulk up at all.", "Well, you shouldn't have to change your appearance for anyone but yourself. Looks fade in the end, but a good personality lasts.", "I agree wholeheartedly! I think once this is all over with I may treat myself to a trip to Hawaii.", "Oh that would be awesome, and from the sounds of it you definitely deserve it!", "Are you enjoying your vacation there?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work with computers. I love working with computers. I don't teach people. I am a busy person. I work with both hardware and software.", "I like meeting new people.", "I am the daughter of a dentist.", "I would like to work in Disney World.", "I have a living grandma.", "I have 2 kids.", "I have been working with computer software for the past decade."], "partner_persona": ["I love going for walks at the nearby parks. I draw landscapes.", "I am an English teacher. I teach grades 5 to 8. I am not good with computers.", "I volunteer at the local homeless shelter.", "I am learning about computers. I want to learn to program. I am not skilled with computers nor coding."], "current_conv": ["Are you looking forward to your summer break? Or are you teaching summer school this year?", "I am looking forward to the summer break, but I am teaching a little bit to make some extra cash.", "Oh really? Are you teaching through the school district or for a tutoring company or what?", "I am teaching for the school district. They are looking for 5 teachers, so I said I would be willing to help out. ", "Nice. What grade level are you teaching? Do you have any kids you've taught before?", "I am teaching 5-8th grade students in summer school. The same as I teach during the normal school year. ", "Cool. So how many weeks are you going to be teaching summer school? Do you have plans for after you finish?", "I am teaching for 10 weeks and then I am going on vacation to Maine!", "That sounds awesome. I've never been to Maine but I've heard it's really beautiful. ", "Yes, I have been there once. I recommend that you go to Acadia National Park, it is quite an amazing place. ", "I'll definitely go if I make it up there! Are you going with friends?", "I am going with my family for the week. There is a 7 hour drive, but I think it will be worth the trip!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there.", "Hey! How are you!?", "I'm doing pretty well. The kids are finally asleep haha.", "Oh gosh! Peace and quiet for you! :) I just got finished drawing :).", "That sounds nice! I work in computers, so much less creative. Tell me something about you!", "I love walking around in nearby parks, and then drawing the landscapes I see.", "Sounds like a nice hobby! I really like to meet new people and get to know them.", "I work as an english teacher though. Talk about less creative haha.", "Haha well I'm the daughter of a dentist so creativity doesn't run in my family.", "Hey now. You cannot tell me creating beautiful smiles isnt creative!", "Haha well some day when I retire I want to work in disney world. Talk about smiles!", "I volunteer at a local homeless shelter sometimes. Now that is something you should try!"], ["What grade do you teach? What is your favorite book to teach?", "I am a middle school teacher and teach grades 5 to 8. I am trying to become tech savvy lol. Do you like working with computers?!", "I love working with computers, yes. How are you trying to improve your tech knowledge?", "I am taking some online classes. I was a bit apprehensive in the beginning but am quite enjoying it now! Might even sign up for a basic programming class....", "Oh yeah? That's great to hear! What kind of things are they teaching you in the class? Maybe I could send my grandma!", "Haha... your grandma has an in-house expert. In fact I was hoping to learn from you as well. Do you work mainly with hardware or software?", "No I do not teach people, sorry! I don't have time for that and too many people want my time for free. I work with both", "That\u2019s awesome because usually people specialize in one or the other. What a broad skill set,", "There is not much to know about the hardware, it's all very basic. That would be like knowing how to fix a car but not how to drive it.", "I love that analogy! By the way, how old are your kids?", "My kids are young adults, 18 and 20. They are off at college and enjoying life", "Oh wow! That is wonderful.... I bet they love computers as well!"], ["Are your students behaving in class?", "Yes, I've got no trouble makers this time. Really nice kids. One even brought me an apple!", "So nice of you! My kids never seem to do that; they frown all day and are needy.", "Sounds like kids you love you! I do get the benefit of having them dressed and ready to learn. All of them know more about computers than I do, too!", "If I were less busy, then I wish I was on StackOverflow tutoring more people about computers.", "I wish I knew more! The classroom here has a few computers we use for typing, and even that helps me while the children learn. They all love to sit and type!", "I've been working with computer software for over 10 years and need new faces to meet! I can help you with your computer woes. Do you like programming, too?", "The students and I both learned how to use Microsoft Word to make a webpage, but I don't understand the code. Every student was able to make a page about their hobbies, with pictures. They really enjoyed the web page class, and I did, too!", "That story kind of brings me back to my carefree teenage years, first experimenting with webpages. Oh well. At least I got some of that feeling back, and was more socially connected, when I started hosting an official webpage for my grandma."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I cannot paint. I create graphic designs for advertisements.", "I am studying marketing.", "I play baseball.", "I am single. I do not have children.", "I like naps. I like seafood.", "I can suggest an age appropriate horror movie for others. My favorite horror movie is Nosferatu. I like classic black and white vampire movies. I enjoy Jodi Foster also!.", "I don't see a problem letting a preteen watch a scary movie.", "I am afraid of eyes in paintings because it seems as though they are following me."], "partner_persona": ["I paint pictures.", "I am a government worker.", "I like watching horror movies. I am showing my children some of the classic horror movies. I have shown my boys Gremlins. I have seen Silence of the Lambs. I am not going to let my children watch anything scary yet.", "I have two sons who are ages 12 and 10.", "I prefer scenic cityscapes when I paint.", "I live close to the Great Lakes.", "I was afraid of scary movies. I am hesitant to allow my boys to watch scary movies. I might watch horror movies with my oldest son.", "I am painting a small pond near my house. I am busy with work."], "current_conv": ["Did you finish your painting?", "Not yet but this would be one of the best cityscapes i ever painted. ", "What city is it of?", "It is place in Daytona. i once saw it from my balcony the view was wonderful  but it is really hard to put in on the canvas, I'm sure though i will find the right colors and feel to it.", "That sounds beutiful! I am just glad its not a portrait becuse I have a fear of the eyes in paintings, it always seems like they are following me! HaHa. I can't paint but I have created some beautiful graphic designs with cityscapes", "I remember LOL. I like the color i find in scenic things. Which design are you working on right now?", "I am working for an advertising company right now while I work on my markieting degree.Have you ever painted the Great Lakes?", "That's great. I want to but I'm not sure where to start with that. have you seen Great Lakes at night i don't know why i find it so scary. ", "Scary huh? I bet they would be beutiful.I go to Lake Champlain quite a lot in the summer with my family", "that's cool but for me i guess it is not same anymore. You never told me why Nosferatu is your favorite?", "I just love a classic I guess. What about you what movies do you watch with your children?", "They're enjoying horror movies that way i never thought they would. We might do The Conjuring and Annabelle marathon on the weekend. "], "history_conv": [["Hello there! How are you doing today?", "Hi, I'm doing well. Just painted a picture.", "Oh wow, I can't paint at all but I love to do graphic design for advertisements.", "That's cool, do you do graphic design for a living?", "That is my hope but now I am studying marketing. You?", "Painting is a hobby, I'm actually a government worker. Gotta pay those bills!", "I understand that. My main hobby is playing baseball.", "How about family? Got any kids? I have two sons.", "Not yet. Enjoying the single life while I can.", "Nothing wrong with that. More time for naps for sure.", "Ooooh naps. Nap, seafood, baseball, repeat :) any other hobbies or talents besides painting?", "I do like horror movies, I've shown the kids some of the classics.", "Nosferatu is my favorite classic horror movie.", "That's a good one. The boys prefer stuff like gremlins."], ["How old are your sons? Maybe I can think of some other horror movie recommendations that are age-appropriate for them.", "they are 12 and 10! do you like horror movies?", "I love horror movies! They are my favorite. My favorite is Nosferatu. What is your favorite?", "silence of the lambs is mine. I don't know nosferatu! what's it about?", "It's like the original vampire movie and the best of all time. I love how it's black and white and super dramatic. I love Silence of the Lambs. Jody Foster is one of my favorites!", "ooh that sounds fun. i'll have to give it a try! is it old, i'm guessing? and yeah she's such a good actress. my kids aren't ready to see that movie though that's for sure!", "Yeah it's pretty old, but definitely worth a shot! I'm not sure I'd let your kids see it.. maybe the 12 year old though.", "maybe i'll have them watch it in the afternoon so they get less scared. do you ever watch scary stuff when it's still light out so you don't get weirded out?", "I don't tend to get scared by scary movies so I prefer to watch them in the dark. I'm not easy to scare.. except for paintings. I think the eyes follow you and that's creepy. Do you paint people?", "that makes sense to me! and I feel the same way about creepy eyes. I only ever paint scenery or landscapes for that reason!", "Oh I bet they are gorgeous! What is your favorite landscape to paint?", "I live near the great lakes so I love to paint them. they're so serene. I know it's not the same thing as an ocean but there's something special about it. have you ever been to the great lakes?"], ["I found out that my 12 year old son has been sneaking and watching scary movies for about a year now without me knowing!", "My boys can be so sneaky too! What are you planning on doing about it?", "Well, since he's already been sneaking it for a year and hasn't seemed to have nay nightmares from it I guess it's time to tell him he can quit being sneaky.", "You're a very kind parent! When I was 9 or 10 I walked in on my parents watching some scary movie and it terrified me for years! That's part of the reason why I'm so hesitant to let me boys see anything too scary.", "Understandable! I didn't want him watching it this young either, but since he already has been I guess now we can watch them together!", "I know my oldest has expressed interest in seeing more horror movies, maybe I should propose we watch something together! How old is your son?", "My son is 12, and that sounds like a great idea. Have you painted anything new lately?", "I haven't had as much time lately because of my work but I do have one that's in progress! It's of a small pond that's near my house. It's something new for me but I'm enjoying it!", "I would love to see it when you finish! I think it's great you're going out of your comfort zone to paint new things.", "I would be more than happy to show it to you! I'm glad I tried something new too, I always feel less confident painting natural scenes but I think this one is shaping up to be one of my favorite pieces!", "That's wonderful to hear! I can not wait to see it.", "I just wish I had more time to work on it. Have you ever thought about trying to paint?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Jen. I am a therapist.", "I like watching football.", "I like meeting new people.", "I've never been to Disney World. I've been reading about Disney World.", " I don't have my vacation time.", "I do a lot of self-care to cope with my work. I enjoy spa and skiing trips.", "I grew up in Vermont. I skied from an early age. I recently started cross-country skiing. I don't like heights. I prefer cross-country skiing to downhill skiing.", "I am going to Disney World for a week this summer with my sister and her kids, it would be weird to go by myself. I am an adult woman.", "My sisters kids are aged 3, 5 and 12. I don't like to go too high."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a computer company.", "I don't like sports. I like meeting new people.", "I like to eat pizza. ", "I have 3 children. We all love Disney World. We don't have other interests. We have year round passes to Disney World. My family often visits Disney World during the summer and winter.", "My brothers or brothers-in-law like to watch football.", "I have never been skiing. I've been learning about cross-country skiing on Youtube.", "I spend a lot of time in Florida. I have never been up a mountain.", "I think Disney is the happiest place on earth. I think Space Mountain is the best ride at Disney. I like the parades at Disney and the pineapple whip. We were just there for the long weekend. I think the food at Epcot is amazing."], "current_conv": ["I looked at all the rides listed on Disney's website and I think the only one that looks safe to me is the teacup ride.", "Haha there's more out there for you than that.  The Pirates of the Caribbean ride isn't scary nor is It's A Small World.  ", "I'm sure I can find something to do. On a completely related topic, what's the alcohol policy at Disney? Can I just walk around getting sloshed all day?", "It's pretty family oriented so I wouldn't recommend doing that if you want to be able to go back.lol  There's lots of fun to be had without alcohol believe it or not.", "I don't believe it to be honest. If we're in the trust tree, I actually hate kids and I need to get liquored up just to deal with them. ", "I'd say at least half the population at Disney are adults so don't worry about it being filled to the brim with screaming children.  A lot of adults go without children.  It's a magical place even if you're a grown up.  But if you must get drunk then so be it.lol", "Now, I'm not sure if I should still go. Perhaps a week on an island beach better suits my personality.", "I'm thinking you might be right but honestly I think Disney is one of those places you should visit at least once.  Maybe visit Disney and then have an island vacation lined up in case you need a vacation to get over your vacation.lol", "I like your thinking. One day in Orlando with my sister and her family, then I'll fly to the Bahamas for the rest of the week.", "I highly recommend you do two days and go to Universal Studios.  It's more grown up oriented but a lot of fun still.  THEN island.lol", "Okay, you've talked me into it. And actually, I think one day of Harry Potter stuff might be pretty fun too. I just can't get the image of thousands of screaming Disney kids out of my head.", "That's the one thing I haven't done there that I really want to. I love the Harry Potter books so I want to feel like I'm actually in them."], "history_conv": [["Hello. Nice to meet you.", "Hi! It is nice to meet you as well.", "My name is jen and I work as a therapist. What do you do?", "Im employed at a computer company.", "Do you like sports? I watch a lot of football.", "Not really but I do love meeting new people.", "Me too! Maybe we could grab a slice of pizza sometime.", "Oh yess! Love pizza lol so do my kids.", "How many children do you have?", "Three children. We love disnet world.", "I've never been there. What else do you like?", "Not much else. We are just a happy go lucky family.", "That sounds great. Do your kids ever watch football?", "Sometimes lol when their uncles do usually."], ["I have been reading up on Disney World and it sounds like a lot of fun. Does your family have reservations to go this summer?", "We always buy the year round passes and have custom magiv bands. We are a hordcore Disney family.", "That's amazing! Sounds like something your kids will remember when they are adults. What is your favorite time of year to go? I hear they go all out at Halloween time.", "We like the summer and winter. In the summer there is a festival at EPCOT and in the winter the rest of the parks also do special stuff.", "That sounds fun. May I will get there one day. I don't get too much time off since I am therapist, need to always be available for my patients.", "That makes sense. But therapists need therapeutic time to themselves too don't you think?", "Absolutey, I do a lot of self-care to make I have time to decompress and relax. Things like spa weekends with my friends, or skiing trips in Vermont. It's nice to have small breaks here and there.", "I agree. Ive never been skiing. How long have you been doing that?", "I grew up in Vermont, so basically as soon as I could walk. It's fun, I've switched over recently to cross-country. It's more of a workout.", "Ive been watching youtube videos on that. It looks like great cardio. And its not frustrating because you can cover a really good distance on them even though youre on flat terrain.", "Exactly, I don't enjoy heights so the chair lifts to go up the mountain to go downhill, never really appealed to me.", "Being in Florida so much, I only ever go up three stories at the max. I cant imagine what a whole mountain would be like."], ["I talked about it with my family, and we decided to book a week at Disney World this summer!", "You will not regret it! It is truly the happiest place on earth! How many people are going?", "Well, I felt like it would be creepy for an adult to go to DisneyWorld by herself, so I'm going with my sister and her kids. I can't wait to see DisneyWorld through her kid's eyes.", "Plenty of adults are obsessed with Disney lol! But you will have so much fun with your sister's kids. How old are they?", "3, 5, and 12. I should have fun going on all the rides with the 12-year-old as long as the rides don't go too high. I'm a big chicken, I know. lol!", "You have got to go on Space Mountain! It is the best! It's not too scary compared to other parks' roller coasters. And it's inside so you don't know how high you are!", "That makes my palms sweat just thinking about it. Did I mention that I'm a chicken? lol! What else would you recommend that I shouldn't miss there?", "Well make sure you catch a parade! They are so fun and all the kids will love it. And make sure you get a pineapple whip! Delicious!", "That sounds amazing! Thanks so much! When is the last time that you've been there?", "We were just there for the long weekend. Having season passes is the best.", "I'll bet. You guys are so lucky! Is EPCOT center worth it? I might need a break from the kids for at least one day!", "Yes! The food is amazing! You should definitely check it out. That would be a fun one to do on your own."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work for a large networking company.", "I want another car. I prefer Japanese cars. I own a Honda Civic. I like cars with manual transmissions. I am interested in electric cars but not ready to buy one. I like having a moonroof in my car.", "I love food and trying different restaurants. I prefer beef and BBQ.", "I listen to jazz music.", "My electric bill is expensive. I like the idea of test driving an electric car for a month. I want to try a Tesla. I bought my car from a friend.", "I studied business. I graduated high school. I care about saving the environment.", "My car cannot connect to Bluetooth."], "partner_persona": ["I have a masters in business. I work in business and cars.", "I am from Bombay, India. I moved to USA when I was 14.", "I am athletic and well built. I love tennis.", "I love to cook.", "I drive a lot for my job so I need a car with good gas mileage, AC, electric locks, windows, and a radio. I am interested in electric cars but they scare me a little. I like moon roofs.", "I am interested in testing an electric car for a month and seeing how much an electric bill would be raised. I think that protecting the environment is important. I'm worried that electric cars won't be able to do so.", "I moved from another country to the United States when I was around ten. I was good in school. I always knew I would go to college.", "I want to start a car pool at work.", "I don't want to have advanced technology in a car. I get distracted by my smartphone. One time, I almost got hit by a car while I was looking at my phone. I run occasionally."], "current_conv": ["Did you find a good car on one of those auto websites I sent to you? ", "There were some good ones! I've decided I want to find a good electric car though!", "Cool stuff, electric cars are the way of the future, and eventually gasoline and diesel cars will be antiques. Which one are you looking at?", "I'm not sure yet I'm still getting a feel for the market right now. I think it is the best decision for environment to get an electric car though!", "I agree, I would suggest getting something used if you can. Right now electric cars are super expensive, but they depreciate a lot. You can get good deals on used ones.", "Thanks for the suggestion! I appreciate your input! I think used cars also help the environment as well!", "Exactly, plenty of good used cars out there. No sense in buying a new one when there are good used ones out there.", "That's what I was thinking! Have you thought anymore about what kind of car you want to get?", "I really want a Tesla, probably a Model S or Model 3. I love my Civic SI though, I think I would miss it too much if I got rid of it, it drives so well.", "Ah yes, Civics are very reliable! I drive a Honda Accord at the moment!", "Ah, also a great car! If I wanted one of those with a 6 speed, but they are really uncommon.", "Maybe we could go test drive cars together sometime! What color are you hoping to get your Tesla in?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I work for a large networking company, how about you?", "I graduated with a master's in business.", "Oh nice. I am thinking of getting another car.", "I had a car in bombay, india. I was born there.", "Oh interesting. I prefer japanese models as they are well built.", "I am very athletic and well built. Love sports, specifically tennis.", "I am a foodie and like to tr different eateries..", "Well you are in look, my passion is to cook! What do you like?", "I prefer beef. All types mostly to bbq outside.", "When my family moved to the usa, I was 14 then, we tried texan bbq.", "Yes yummy. We listen to jazz music a lot also.", "Well we should meet, play some tennis and I will cook. Bring your new car."], ["I bought a new Honda Civic.", "How do you like it so far? I am in the need for another car, but don't know what I want.", "I love it. It's a manual transmission, which I love so much. I couldn't decide between the Civic and buying a fully electric car. But electric is so different, I wasn't ready to take the plunge. What types of things do you need in a car?", "I need good gas mileage as I drive all over with my job. AC, electric locks and windows, and a radio. I thought about an electric car also, but they are a little scary.", "Right, I'd be constantly worried about finding a place to charge it. I have a moonroof in my car, and I love it.", "Moon roofs are awesome. The only plus I can see to an electric car right now is what if we run out of gas, but then what if we lose power. It is a catch 22.", "Exactly. My electric bill is already very expensive, no idea how much it would go up to charge a car. I guess it's just a cost shift, from gas station to my electric bill.", "It would be nice if we could test one for a month and see how much it would raise that. Can figure out if it was worth it.", "That's an awesome idea - that should totally be a thing! I would do it, I am sure many others would as well. Pitch the idea to someone, make millions! :)", "I should. Maybe I will to one of the business I have to go to for my job. They all deal with cars and I think lots of people would do it also.", "I think so as well.", "Thanks for the idea. I will do it. I really should go start dinner. I love to cook I am making steak, baked potatoes, and some veggies."], ["I found a car for sale in your area with all the things you are looking for!", "That's great. Do you think you could email me the details? I'm surprised I didn't see it. I have searched on so many different websites and none had everything I was looking for and were too expensive.", "Definitely! I'll send it to you momentarily. Too expensive, eh? I'll send you some links to some of my favorite auto websites so you can easily find matches in the area that fit your price range. Are you still thinking of trying out an electric car?", "Yes, trying out an electric car is still on my mind. How did you find your Honda Civic?", "Nice, me too! I really want to try a Tesla. My friend was selling it, so I decided to buy it from him. It worked out great!", "A fear I have around an electric car is that it might have sudden unexpected failures years from now, like the brakes going out or even exploding. I have never seen so much advanced technology until I came to America. I was always good in school and always knew I would go to college. I just didn't know I'd go to college in USA until I was around 10 years old, when my parents told me of their plan to move.", "Makes sense, electric cars use some fairly new technology, and you never know what unexpected things could arise with them. Yes, we do have a lot of advanced technology in America. Did you always plan to study business?", "No, not always. I decided on a whim to study business. When I get a new car I might help some of employees get to work with a car pool. I think car pools are great ideas.", "Oh okay, gotcha! I studied business as well, but didn't decide to do so until around the time I graduated high school. Carpooling sounds like a great idea. It is important that we do everything we can these days to save the environment.", "Yes, protecting the environment is important. I am skeptical of electric cars' ability to protect the environment because it might cost an enormous amount to build and maintain enough charging stations. Does your Honda Civic have the ability to connect to Bluetooth?", "Fair enough, that is a valid concern. No it doesn't unfortunately, but I wish it did. Do you want Bluetooth connectivity on your new car?", "No, I just am curious how well that works in a car. The technology in my car doesn't need to be as advanced as it is in my home, business, and almost everywhere else. I would probably get distracted by too much sophistication in my car. I already get distracted by my smartphone sometimes. I once almost got hit by a car when I was outside running and looking at my phone!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a twin sister. I have a wife.", "I am a dentist.", "I want to go to Alaska. I want gold.", "I love dogs. I never had a cat.", "I enjoy grocery shopping.", "I have a house and job. I am busy.", "I dream about going to Alaska. My wife and I might go to Alaska.", "I haven't tried Trader Joe's toothpaste. I have to endorse fluoride toothpaste. I shop at Trader Joe's from time to time.", "My wife is a cardiac surgeon. We might move to Alaska."], "partner_persona": ["I am from a small town.", "I never finished college.", "I don't like travelling. I love cars.", "I have two dogs and three cats.", "I work at a grocery store and stock shelves.", "I need to take better care of my teeth.", "I shop at Trader Joes for groceries. I like Trader Joe's toothpaste.", "I work at Trader Joe's and buy groceries at Trader Joe's. I get a discount there."], "current_conv": ["My wife said she is wiling to go to Alaska for a trip so it looks like we will go this summer.", "That sounds like fun!  What are you going to do up there?", "I really want to take in the scenery and get a feel for some of the communities.  With my wife's job we need to be closer to the cities if we ever decide to move.  I think this is like a scouting trip.", "Alaska is really big.  Where are you scouting out?", "Well, most of the population of Alaska is in Anchorage so we need to check that out.  That said, a good cardiac surgeon could be a real boon to places like Juneau.  Have you ever been to Alaska?", "I have not been to Alaska.  I don't like to travel.", "I just wasn't sure if maybe you went when you were younger.  I have a feeling that if Alaska is as good as I think it is, I may never want to travel much either!", "Are you thinking of moving there?", "It's the dream, which is why this trip could be so important.  Enough about me!  What are the names of your five pets?", "I'm glad you are following your dreams.  You don't want to live a life of regret.  My dog's names are Moose and Jake while my cat's names are Mittens, Muffin, and Chef.", "Such cute names! Is Moose huge?  I want to see how this trip goes, but I might be getting dogs (either here or in Alaska).", "Yeah Moose is a black lab that weighs 80 pounds.  We like to wrestle each other."], "history_conv": [["Hello, welcome to the neighborhood!", "Hi! I grew up in a small town and loved it.", "Wonderful! I think you know my twin sister.", "Really? I'm employed at a big grocery store. Does she work there?", "No, she works at my office. I've been a dentist for 14 years here in town.", "Oh. I never did finish college, but one day I plan to return.", "I want to go to alaska to mine for gold, it's my favorite.", "Not into traveling, but I love cars and my first was a ford.", "Are you married? I am, my wife and I don't sleep in the same room, she snores!", "Not married, but have two dogs and three kitties.", "I love dogs! Never had a cat though.", "Cats can be just as devoted as dogs."], ["Has it been busy lately at the grocery store?", "It's always busy at the grocery store.  I mostly stock shelves and you'd be amazed at how fast stuff disappears after I put it out.", "I can only imagine, especially with how things are lately. Grocery shopping is actually something I enjoy believe it or not.", "That's interesting!  Most people I see shopping seem to feel it's a burden, especially if the store is bustling.  What is it about the experience that you like?", "It's my quiet time away from the house and work. My life feels so busy and crazy sometimes I like that time to just breathe.", "I can understand that.  Other than needing to get away from it at times, how do you like your work as a dentist?", "It's pretty enjoyable, actually. Some people have really poor dental hygiene and it's sad seeing how bad their mouth can be. I enjoy helping them.", "I should really take better care of my teeth.  How often should I be brushing and flossing?  I figure I should get some free dental advice while I have your attention.", "Haha, brush at least twice a day. Floss at least once. That'll help in between dental visits.  I have the craziest dream to quit being a dentist though.", "Oh really!  Do you think your dream meant anything?  Did it reveal some deep truth about what you really want to do?  And in the dream did you plan to become something else, or just to quit?", "I dream about traveling to Alaska and getting rich panning for gold. Is that crazy? It seems crazy, but the adventure could be wonderful", "I think it is crazy, yes.  No, just kidding!  I think we all have different dreams and goals.  I wonder if there's a way to satisfy that itch without giving up your entire life.  I bet there are tours in Alaska where you can spend a week panning for gold and living like a  prospector.  Maybe you could take a vacation like that."], ["Did you end up buying some toothbrushes and toothpaste from your grocery store?", "Yes! I highly recommend Trader Joes toothpaste! It makes my teeth feel like I just left the dentist's office. Have you ever tried it?", "No, but I think I'll give it a try! Is it organic or something?", "Yeah, it's organic and all natural. I have never tried a better toothpaste. It has a nice fresh taste, not too sweet.", "As a dentist, I have to endorse fluoride toothpaste, but if a product will get you brushing, that's the most important part. Do you work for Trader Joe's, or just shop there?", "This one does have fluoride. I was surprised as well, but I guess fluoride is a naturally occurring element. I work there and shop there, I get a decent discount. Do you ever shop there?", "From time to time, yeah. My wife loves the chocolate coffee that they sell there! Gotta keep her happy haha.", "I haven't tried that, sounds delicious though! They have a nice coconut body butter that she might like, if she's into stuff like that.", "If we go Alaska, I might have to pick up some of that! You seem to have a good instinct for health products and such.", "Thanks! Have you guys talked more about Alaska, set any dates or anything?", "It's still kind of pie in the sky at this point. She's worried about leaving her job behind. She works as a cardiac surgeon, and she has a great position at the hospital in town. That said, more remote areas tend to pay more, so I'm sure she could find a high-income position in Alaska.", "Oh wow, I didn't know moving to Alaska was the goal. I thought you just wanted to visit for a vacation. Maybe you could start with a trip there, see how you guys like it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Mark.", "I'm a mechanic. I drink a lot of beer after work. I like my beer a little bloody. I am curious about brewing my own beer. I have not done any homebrewing. I also drink a lot of beer. It has been a while since I have drank beer.", "I am a Lions football fan. It is hard for me to support the Lions. I have 1 sibling - a brother.", "I'll try anything once. I have never tried a lager. I looked into lager kits."], "partner_persona": ["I'm moving next month.", "My name is Austin.", "I am a salesperson but I am thinking about going back to school for an MBA.", "I am a Chicago Bears football fan.", "I have 2 siblings - both sisters.", "I like camping and backpacking. I would like to live off the grid in the future.", "I like to drink lager. I would like to try brewing my own beer at home soon. I have watched Youtube videos about brewing beer but haven't tried it yet.", "I get lagers because they are the cheapest option. I usually buy beer at the gas station.", "I am moving soon close to the school. I don't overdo my drinking, mostly just beer on the weekends. I won't miss this apartment.", "I live on the 3rd floor and there is no elevator. I have to wait to drink until I get home because of the stairs. My next apartment will be on the ground floor. My new apartment will be a nice place to enjoy the sun."], "current_conv": ["Where is your favorite place to go camping?", "A few years ago I went on a hiking/camping trip in Washington to Crater Lake. It was so beautiful and we didn't see another person all weekend.", "That sounds amazing.  My cousins just took a week long camping adventure trip to Wyoming and I had no idea it was so beautiful there.  I've never been camping anywhere but a public camp ground.  It's fun but not \"true\" camping. Did you run into any crazy animals?", "Oh yeah, I hate campgrounds. I haven't stayed in one since we were in college and took a white water rafting trip. There weren't any memorable animals on the Crater Lake trip, although we did see an owl.", "That beats running into a bear I'm sure.  Would Crater Lake be your first choice if you ever end up living off the grid?", "No, it's a National Park so I'm pretty sure they wouldn't let me stay there. I was thinking someplace like Maine.", "You should make sure you brush up on your survival skills.  Maine has some pretty harsh winters and it'll be even harsher being on your own.", "Wow, that's a good point. I'm changing my answer to Hawaii. Final answer.", "Hawaii looks pretty amazing.  I just watched a horror/suspense movie set in Hawaii and it was gorgeous.  No snow but make sure you're not too close to any volcanos.lol", "And now we've come full circle. Crater Lake was created by a volcano! I can feel the trade wins blowing on my face already!", "It's a sign that Hawaii is a good choice.lol", "Now I just have to figure out how to afford to live on a volcano in Hawaii without a job to pay for things."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "I'm fine. Just a little stressed about moving next month. How about you?", "How stressful! I'm doing alright, just returned from grabbing a 6 pack. What's your name?", "My name is austin! What's yours?", "Mark. Pleasure to meet you austin. What's your proffesssion.", "I'm currently working in sales, but I'm thinking about going to school for an mba.", "That sounds interesting. By day I work on cars and at night I'm a professional beer drinker.", "Do you like any sports? I'm a diehard chicago bears fan.", "I love football. Lions are my favorite!", "It's hard to be a lions fan I bet. Do you have siblings?", "Very hard. Yeah a brother. How about you.", "I have two sisters that are both older than me.", "That's cool. What do you like to do for fun?", "I like camping and backpacking. I'd love to live off the grid someday."], ["Did you hear what happened at the last Lions football game?", "Besides losing!!! I did not hear.", "Ha! Just wait, they'll make a comeback. That is, if the refs can STOP making terrible calls. That's all they did, the entire game.", "I'm not surprised. Nothing ever goes right for the Lions. Kinda like my Bears. Are we destined to always support bad NFL teams?", "It appears so, friend. We're in the Losers Club but not forever. Sheesh, I need to take my mind off this. How about we grab some beers tomorrow night?", "That sounds great! I meant to ask you what type of beer you like.", "I like my beer a little bloody. It just hits the spot every time. How about you?", "I'm a traditional lager guy, but I will try anything once.", "Haha it's certainly not for everyone. It just might change your life though. Have you looked into brewing your own beer? It seems like a must if you're going to live off grid.", "I have a few friends who do it. I would love to try it, but I just need to take the step. Have you done any home brewing?", "Nope but I really should considering how much drinking I do. It seems like I can't get by without it so I might as well make it.", "That's funny in a bad way. I guess you should try to make you own poison."], ["Hey man, it has been a while since I have drank some beer.", "thats fine by me, whatever floats your boat. you really should try a lager.", "I'll try anything once.  have you tried brewing beer yet?", "i watched a lot of youtube videos but i havent set anything up", "I've seen they have kits too.  I looked into a lager kit since we talked last time.  you really like your lagers", "ha, maybe its the price. i usually buy beer at the gas station and have to haul it up the stairs in my apartment. for some reason the lagers are always cheapest. i like them though!!", "Your comment makes me think of people college age.  The beer they drink because it's cheap lol.  They don't care about the taste, just price haha", "i am ready to move soon near the school so im prepared :) i dont overdo it though... mostly beer on the weekends. i wont miss this apartment.", "What floor do you live on in your apartment?", "this one is 3 floors and there is no elevator... thats why i have to wait to drink until i get home, really. too many beers and i'd have to stay on the stairs. the next place is ground floor so ill be fine haha", "Then you wont have to worry about falling down the stairs after too many beers haha.", "ill try not to drink too much! should be nice to go outside and enjoy the sun anyway. you doing any camping this summer?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live on a farm. I live in the country. I do not live at the beach.", "I have 3 children. My kids keep me active. They like to run in the yard and climb trees.", "I love dogs. I have dogs.", "I work in the computer industry.", "I was a nerd in high school.", "My family likes Harry Potter movies.", "I do not read many books.", "I have a porch.", "We got a new animal for the farm. We got a goat and named her Lucy. The vet found the goat for us from another farm.", "My kids are in school. My kids love to feed the goat when they get home from school."], "partner_persona": ["I am a lifeguard. I live near water.", "I do not have children. I am in a long-term relationship.", "I do not have any pets. I do karate. I am a busy person. I did not get any new belts this week.", "i like to watch movies. I am a couch potato. I like horror movies. I also like silly romantic comedies.", "I was captain of the football team in highschool.", "I am an only child.", "I read the Harry Potter Books. I like to read. I have a patio and a backyard."], "current_conv": ["Do you like to read in your backyard? It sounds like a great reading area.", "Actually i do even i like to have my breakfast in the open, you can have that fresh air as well. I'm reading harry Potter again.", "Harry Potter: the instant classic. I watched the movies but the books, well, I haven't gotten around to reading them yet. My kids read the books as soon as they came out, but I haven't had time.", "they're awesome, You should give the audiobooks a try, it can save a lot of your time and adds more emotions and more context to it. ", "Yes, they sound like a great thing for people short on time to read. I live on a farm and I'm pretty busy with the various duties around here. My kids help when they can, but they are in school.", "It will definitely work for you, I would recommend the Jim Dale narration it is one of the good ones. I know what busy life looks, How old are your kids?", "Jim Dale? Ok, I'll make a note of him. My kids are still in grade school. They love the animals. Probably learning more from the farm than they do in school.", "Yes, I think that's a good way to learn how things work right? How's Lucy though?", "Lucy is well fed. If she doesn't get enough food, she'll eat anything and everything in sight. She eats grass, newspaper, everything. Health and as hungry as a garbage disposal.", "Haha that sounds like a Lucy. If i ever get a pet i might want a goat. probably do the memes too. Have tried having fun with it ?", "Goats are pretty stubborn. They can't be trained, except when it comes to meal times. They always know when they are supposed to get food. Lucy gets a bit noisy when she hasn't been fed.  ", "Must be really hard for you. I'll stick with no pets for now then LOL. Maybe I'll meet Lucy and decide. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? Live in the country, on the farm, really. You?", "I live near the water. I am a lifeguard at the beach.", "Oh, sounds like a dream!! Farm life is good for our three kids, though..", "No kids here but I've been with the same person for a long time. Maybe soon hehe.", "Any pet? I am a dog lover myself.", "No pets no. Too busy with my hobbies, including karate.", "Wow, cool! You are an active person. I work in computer industry and I love it.", "Oh I'm a couch potato sometimes. I watch like 7 horros movies a week.", "Kids and the farm force me to be active when I'm not working...good thing though!", "Did you play any sports in high school or college?", "No, I was a nerd...", "The world needs nerds. I was captain of the football team and copied the nerds homework."], ["How did you get on at karate this week? Any new belts?", "No new belts, but there is a competition next week, so I am getting some extra practice in. Do your kids take karate lessons?", "Yes, if you count them beating me up everyday! They get most of their exercise running around the yard and climbing trees. Its a little different than the beach where you live!", "True - that sounds fun. It must be fun to have siblings, I am an only child, so never got to experience any of that.", "We also count the dogs as part of the family so it is never quiet around here! What movies do you like to watch?", "My favorite are horror movies, the older ones like Nightmare on Elm Street, and Halloween. But I have to tell you, I am a sucker for those silly romantic comedies.", "I agree, no shame in a romantic comedy! Horror movies keep the kids up so we tend to keep it on the lighter side. Harry Potter has been popular in our house. Have you seen any of them?", "I haven't, I did read the books. I heard the movies couldn't live up to the books, so I have been avoiding them. Plus, there are sooo many. I feel like I would have to watch them all.", "Too many, but you read the books! I give you a lot of credit for that. I have not read anything longer than 1 page in a few years.", "I like to read, gets me out of the house, but still enables me to be lazy! I have a patio in my backyard, so it's nice to get out there and catch some rays.", "That sounds so cool! I have a nice porch that I sit on a lot but usually it just for a few minutes. Someday I will get back into reading, maybe even Harry Potter!", "I am sure it's difficult to find the time to do that with kids/pets/family."], ["We got a new animal on the farm.", "Cool. What kind did you get? Pig? Cow? Horse? More dogs?", "We got a goat. My kids named her Lucy.", "That's a cute name for a goat. After I Love Lucy? Where'd you get her from?", "The vet got her from another farm that didn't have room so he asked if we would take her.", "Oh, so she's like a rescue then. I didn't realize there were farm animal rescues but I guess it makes good sense. What does she look like?", "She's all white and is a bit smaller than you would think. Kind of like a very big dog, LOL.", "Is she a pigmy goat? I think that's a thing.", "I'm not really sure. I don't have another goat to stand her next to in order to compare, LOL.", "Haha, good point. So are the kids taking care of her for you?", "The kids all love her. Everyone rushes to feed her when they get home from school. I'm going to end up with a fat goat.", "She no doubt feels very loved, lol. Hopefully she likes social interaction!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["im lactose intolerant.", "I teach jiu-jitsu. I am active. I love martial arts.", "I am a student. I signed up for a new class. I enrolled in an elective for history of martial arts. I want to major in an athletic training degree.", "I have never left the US.  I would like to go to England.", "My class on the history of martial arts is interesting, but not easy. I love my class."], "partner_persona": ["I am a software engineer. I work from home. My work is busy.  I work with computers and have been debugging software.", "I am in America. I love ice cream.I am from England. I moved to the usa from england in 2004.", "I run half marathons. I studied martial arts.  I have not been training as much as I would like.  I want to travel.", "I used to have dogs. I want a dog but feel bad my dogs are in England.", " I think I would enjoy a class on the history of martial arts.", "I do not have a holiday planned soon.", "I am from London. I miss London. I have friends and family and dogs in London. I like visiting local restaurants in London."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite restaurant in London? Is the food a lot different there than it is in the US?", "My favorite restaurant in London is a place called Sufi. It's a bit fancy, but the food is soooo good haha. I haven't been in a while though", "Ahh my favorite restaurant is Taco Bell! A little less fancy lol.", "Oh wow, we really went there okay lol. I'm sure you have to jiu-jitsu the calories off haha. How has the martial arts teaching been?", "I love teaching! I also love learning and it's so much fun being a teacher and a student!", "I'm glad to hear! I recently signed up for a class which teaches the history of martial arts. It's online and its pretty fun and laidback.", "That's super cool, maybe we are taking the same class! Do you take classes often?", "Occasionally I do if I find the time haha. My software work has been keeping me quite busy lately though. We've been working on the same project for a while now. How's your athletic training degree going?", "I can imagine! College is hard but I imagine it will feel worthwhile when I get my degree!", "I'm sure it will! You should take breaks though when you can! Maybe you could try planning a trip for England? We could go together and try that restaurant I mentioned!", "That would be so much fun! Maybe over spring break I can get off work!", "That sounds like a plan in the making already! I want to seem my dogs in London so bad too lol. "], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing tonight?", "I am fine I am just working from home on some software solutions you?", "Not too good. Regretting eating ice cream just now. (im lactose intolerant).", "Oh no! I love ice cream the best is here in america.", "What kind of work do you do? I teach jiu-jitsu!", "Cool job. I am a software tech from england..", "I am also a college student. Im going to be takin summer courses soon :|.", "Good for you! I like to run a lot. I run marathons half ones.", "Sounds like something I would love. I am very active- I love martial arts!", "I took classes when I first came to the us in 2004.", "Oh wow- that is awesome! So do you prefer where you live now? Over where your from?", "I love america but I miss my dogs. I runs a foster home for dogs."], ["I enrolled in a new class", "Good for you.  What is the class?", "It's a class on the history of martial arts. It was an elective but I think I'll really enjoy it.", "That sounds fascinating, and definitely fits your love of martial arts.  What are you majoring in?", "I want to get an athletic training degree. I think that would fit in with my lifestyle and beliefs. How is your job going?", "I've been very busy the last few days.  I'm debugging some software and it's taking a lot longer than I'd hoped.  I haven't been able to run as much as I would like because of it.", "That stinks. Hopefully you can finish the project soon so you can get back to your training. I think I saw posted where they is a half marathon coming up in a couple of months.", "Yes, I saw that, too.  I'd love to run it but only if I've been training pretty consistently heading into it.  I also might be traveling at the time--we'll see.", "Oh, where do you plan to travel? Any place fun?", "When I have some free time I'm going to go back to England to visit family and friends, as well as all my dogs.", "Awesome. I've never been out of the United States so England sounds fun. Good for you to get back home and visit family. I know it must be hard to be so far away. Have you thought about adopting a dog here in the states?", "Yes, I have thought about it.  To be honest, I haven't done it because I sort of feel like it would be disloyal to my dogs back in England, as weird as that might sound."], ["I started my class for history of martial arts and really love it", "Oh really? Is it an easy elective?", "It's pretty complicated, but really interesting - I think you'd enjoy it!", "Sounds like it! Work has had me pretty busy lately, so I really haven't had time to do much.", "That's a shame, do you have any holiday booked soon?", "Unfortunately no. I really want to go back to England to see everyone, so I might consider planning something soon.", "Ah that would be nice - whereabouts in England are you from?", "I'm from London! Have you ever been there before?", "No, I've never left the US but I'd love to visit England one day! Do you miss London?", "Yeah, very much so. My friends and family have been asking me when I plan on coming back.", "Ahh, hopefully you can visit them soon! What are your favourite places to visit in England?", "I really like visiting local restaurants. There's a lot of great places in London!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a gamer. I love to play League of Legends with friends online. I play it a lot.", "I just got a new laptop I have a warranty and insurance. I have a non-working laptop. I have an appt next week to fix the laptop at Genius Bar. I am lost without my laptop.", "I pass on insurance also except for laptops.", "I have schoolwork to do. I have a couple of reports to do.", "I need a job. I wish I could make money through gaming."], "partner_persona": ["I'm in high school.", "There are some games that I do like.", "My parents are teachers. I'm an only child.", "I have and older extra laptop to lend. I am a gamer.", "I sometime think adding insurance plans on stuff is a scam.", "I've never played League of Legends, but I'm interested in starting.", "I have to write a paper for school. I'm planning on trying out League of Legends after I finish my paper.", "I'm looking forward to summer vacation. I'm not going anywhere during the summer. I like gaming.", "I need to look for a job. My parents don't make a lot of money. I think gaming would be a great job."], "current_conv": ["I'm almost finished with my reports, but I think I'm going to take a break and play League of Legends. ", "What are the reports you need to do?", "Actually a couple and I just need to tweak them a bit before game time woohoo! They\u2019re for my job applications. By the way, are you done with your paper?", "I finished most of it, but I'm not sure what to do for the last couple of paragraphs. I think I need to take a break from it and come back to it a bit later. We should play League of Legends together when we're both done.", "Sure thing! I think you\u2019re gonna love it!", "I hope so! What jobs are you applying to?", "I\u2019m casting a wide net right now but like I said I\u2019d love to combine my passion for gaming with my work :)", "Maybe I should apply to the same places. I bet I'd like the same kind of jobs.", "It\u2019s a long shot but that would be \u00fcber \u00fcber cool\u2026 working in the same place and getting paid for doing what we love ;)", "Yeah, we should definitely do that! It'd be great if we could start making the big bucks. Then I could buy a crazy PC and become a streamer!", "Cheers to that! Hey all big entrepreneurs start with a vision and dream. I think we\u2019re on the right track hehe", "It'd be great to get some experience too. My parents are always telling me to stop playing video games and get a job. I can't wait to see the look on their faces when I tell them that video games ARE my job!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! Don't suppose you like league of legends?", "Ahh no! But I am going to assume you do! :).", "Just call me alistar. :p so, you aren't a gamer?", "I am not lol but I am a high schooler haha.", "You should try it! I love playing with my friends online.", "Im gonna have to look it up! I might like it! I do like some games.", "You don't need too much for a system. Though I did just get a new laptop.", "I rarely have time for anything. Seems like I live at school. My parents are teachers! Ugh!", "Teachers for parents, is that legal?!", "Probably not. But it should be! I vote yes! Lol.", "Any siblings to deflect their craziness?", "Im an only child.. Sadly. Since your a gamer, do you play runescape?"], ["You wouldn't believe it, but my laptop stopped working!", "Really? Darn that really sucks. Are you going to take it in to be checked out?", "I\u2019ve made an appointment at the Genius Bar but they don\u2019t have any opening till next week. I still can\u2019t get over it grrrr", "So sorry to hear that. You don't have a backup? I have a laptop you could borrow until yours is fixed. It's my old one, it's good for gaming.", "Really? That is awfully nice of you! I feel like my oxygen supply has been cut off without my laptop lol", "I can understand. You're more then welcome. I can bring it to school with me tomorrow. You could get it from me then. I guess I'm going to have to give in and download the League of Legends and play with you sometime.", "Sounds great... I really appreciate it! You are going to love League of Legends... and I\u2019m always available to play this with my friends... like ALWAYS!", "Right on! I still can't believe you're laptop stopped working. Seeing as you just bought it, there should be a warranty with it.", "That\u2019s what\u2019s so frustrating.... it\u2019s hardly been a week since I got it. Thank God for warranties, plus I bought insurance so that\u2019s one thing I\u2019m not worried about!", "Thankfully! Sometimes I think insurance plans are just a scam to get money but in cases like this it sure does help.", "Spot on! I usually pass up on these plans but make an exception for my laptops! Oxygen, you see.... ;)", "Yes, I see!! Haha. So have you tried runescape yet? I love it."], ["Thank you so much for letting me borrow your laptop.  I am happy to be playing League of Legends again", "No problem! It was just sitting there on my desk gathering dust anyway. I'm glad you can play again! I'm still interested in trying out League of Legends. Any tips on getting started?", "The best advice is just to jump right into the game. Don't worry about the characters. You'll learn them quick enough.", "Okay, I'll give it a whirl after I finish this paper I've got to write. It's my last one before summer vacation so I want to nail it! It's tough when your parents are teachers - high expectations!", "I'm going to use the laptop I borrowed to do schoolwork as well. Unfortunately I don't have time to play League all day long.", "That's smart. What assignments do you still have left to do? Any finals?", "I have a couple of reports to get done, between League games, LOL.", "Of course, haha. I'm looking forward to being done with school and going on break. We're not going anywhere but it'll be nice to get back to gaming!", "If I didn't have any responsibilities I would probably site and play League of Legends all day long. LOL.", "Yeah. I should probably look for a job, to be honest. Teachers don't make whole lot after all so if I want those extras, I'll need some cash.", "Same for me. I wish I could make money from playing League instead of getting a job.", "If only! Gaming would be an awesome summer job."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy walking in the wilderness.", "I have red hair. My nickname is Red.", "I like drinking lemon-lime citrus juice with ice.", "I have a pet bird. My parrot does not sing. My parrot's feathers are red and green. I tried to teach him to sing but he won't do it.", "I am vegan and I live somewhere where it is hard to find vegan food. I love paneer tikka masala.", "I know a great vegan place. It is hard to find vegan places close to where I live."], "partner_persona": ["I like traveling. I have visited 21 countries. I would like to visit either South Korea or Japan.", "I colored my hair turquoise. Turquoise is my favorite color. I also like the color red.", "I enjoy running.", "Both my parents are vegan. My parents met in high school - the same high school that I attend. I am a high school student.", "I like museums, trying new food and running.", "Me and my parents are vegans. I like vegan meatballs.", "My parents cook my favorite vegan meatballs all the time. My parents make lemon-lime citrus juice.", "I could use help with my homework.", "I am taking a music class. I love to sing."], "current_conv": ["I think I will get another parrot so my parrot can have a girlfriend.", "That would be interesting! What would you name the parrot?", "Well, the parrot I have now is named Roger, so I'm not sure. I'd kind of like something that would go along with that. Any ideas?", "Hmmm, I do not know any good names for a parrot. How about Tweety?", "My grandmother had a parakeet named Tweety, haha. I guess I'll have to think on it more. Maybe I'll just know her name when I see her the first time. I know that's how some people name their babies!", "I think that would be an excellent name ! How long have you had your parrot?", "Tweety? Yeah, it worked for her little yellow and green one. We'll see about it. I've had Roger for three years. ", "I would love to get a parrot! I think they would be lot of fun! ", "Oh, they're such fun pets for sure. Roger cracks me up big time. You could get one and teach him to sing.", "Maybe when you teach him to sing, you can record it and send me a video!", "Haha, no way! He's resisted all of my efforts to teach him so far. When you get your parrot, YOU can sing yours to sing! ", "I am going to look into getting a parrot over the weekend. I hope my local pet store has some available. "], "history_conv": [["Hi. I like to walk in the wilderness as a hobby.", "I am more into singing and traveling. I been to 20 countries already.", "Wow a lot. People call me \"red\" after my hair of course!", "Look at that, I colored my hair turquoise. My favorite colour.", "I am sitting here sipping some lemon-lime citrus juice on ice.", "Can I have some, I just finished running right now. Love to run.", "Good idea. But I have t be careful, I am on a vegan diet.", "My parents are vegan, they met in the same high school I attend right now.", "My pet bird is on my shoulder bothering me.", "Does it sing? Maybe we can do a duet. I am a great singer.", "No, it just make loud noises like any parrot does.", "Please tell me his feathers are my favorite colors. I like turquoise and red.", "Pretty close, he is red and green color.", "Lets go traveling, do some running and singing somewhere."], ["Have you got any trips planned for your 21st country?!", "I am between a couple countries, maybe you can help me decide! I want to go to either South Korea, or Japan, but I am not sure which one I should choose.", "I'm not familiar with either.  What are you looking to do when you travel?", "I am looking forward to some great museums, and trying some new food. I also want to run there.", "I'd bet both places would have those options.  Why not visit both?!", "Actually that is a terrific idea. I believe I'll visit one in the summer, and the other around Christmas time next year when I go on break.", "Is it hard finding vegan options when you travel?", "Not typically, most countries are accompanying to my vegan requirements that my parents handed down to me.", "I too am vegan and sometimes have a difficult time finding vegan options when I go out to eat.  Maybe it's because of where I live.", "Oh I am sorry to hear that. It is definitely more difficult to find vegan stuff, but I have been been getting lucky with them. Do you have a favorite vegan dish?", "Not a favorite dish per se, but I love paneer tikka masala.  How about you?", "Ooh that is a good one, I am a big fan of vegan meatballs!"], ["Would you like to go to a museum together?", "Sure! and maybe we can get some vegan paneer tikka masala too?", "That sounds great, and I know the perfect vegan place we can go to!!", "Perfect! I always love getting out and trying new food!", "Me too!! I wish there were more vegan places closer to where I live though.  Its so hard to find vegan food in my area.  What about you?", "Sort of, but my parents cook my favorite vegan meatballs all the time so it works out.", "That is awesome!  If they also have lemon-lime citrus juice, I'd eat there too!!", "They totally do and i'm sure they'd be glad to make some for us! you should come over and have some, and maybe help me with some homework?", "Absolutely!  What class is it for?", "Music class, which is perfect as I love singing!", "I tried to teach my parrot to sing once, but he just won't do it.  Maybe you could teach him?", "That sounds like a ton of fun, I'd love too!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to hike. I love nature.", "I love animals. I am a dog groomer. I have a job, it is my dream and I feel lucky to have it. I have a lot of dogs all the time and they are sweet.", "I am an artist. I like to paint. I paint and do photography. I do wedding photography and portraits. My skills don't make the pictures I take fancy, my camera does.", "My mother is a nurse."], "partner_persona": ["i love animals. I have 3 cats. I have a Labrador Retriever and a Pitbull. I have a dog named Rocco and another dog named Pebbles. My Lab likes to do tricks but my Pitbull does not.", "I am a manger and I like it but I would rather be a manager somewhere else. I would like to work in an insurance office. I work in a grocery store.", "I want to further my education. I manage the produce department.", "I prefer small towns.", "My first car was a hot ford mustang.", "I am a caretaker for wild pigeons. I train them.", "I wish I could take better photographs.", "I use my phone to take pictures. I don't take enough pictures to have a real camera. If I took more pictures I would post more on social media.", "I take my dogs on long walks in the park on the weekends. I walk my dogs on a leash at the park. I don't walk my cats.", "I applied for jobs at insurance offices and have a few interviews next week."], "current_conv": ["How did your job interviews go?", "One of my interview pretty well. i answered everything cleverly, hoping to hear something later. Any portraits are you working on?", "I've been painting a lot of landscapes. Usually photographic portraits are for customers, so I haven't had a chance to express myself that way. ", "that is cool you're doing what you like though. I usually use my phone for pictures and edit them on Lightroom or Photoshop them sometimes. Do you use any of those?", "I have used the software for some cropping and enlarging, but most of the work is done with the camera. The right equipment and lighting makes it much easier to get a good result. Can't fix a bad photo with software.", "I agree but my pictures need editing A LOT or social media will judge me pretty bad. Do you take pictures of pets?", "I've taken before-and-after photos to show off my grooming skills. Sometimes clients wonder what their pet will look like, so I show them the photos of my work. The quality of the photo does a lot of the selling, actually.", "that a good idea. Can you make my Rocco and Pebbles looks while one lay down there do nothing and other one just run around and do trick somehow LOL..", "I see that you used to have a Mustang. I don't know much about cars. What kind of car was it? Did you modify it in any way?", "Yes it was my first car. I did modified it with a spoiler and booster, people knew that i was coming and it was all muscle. Do you like muscle cars?", "I guess so, but I'm not really a car person. I like to spend my time outdoors, hiking. I wish I knew more about vehicles. ", "I'mmore into new cars now like Tesla but they're expensive. Hiking is great, i have never hiked though. Any advice for the beginners? "], "history_conv": [["Good day to you!.", "Hi friend!", "I just got back from a 5 mile hike in the woods. What are your hobbies?", "Well I love animals I have 3 cats and 2 dogs how about you?", "Im a dog groomer I love working with animals.", "My job is I am a department manager at a well known grocery store.", "Wow! I am also an artist, I like to paint fruit!", "I manage the produce department! I wish I could go back to school though.", "My mom is a registered nurse, she keeps on me about becoming a nurse too.", "Maybe one day! I wish I could go back to living in a small town.", "Me too, I love nature. Rock music and forests seem rather antithetical dont you think?", "Totally I hate them! My first car was a hot ford mustang!", "What else do you do for fun?", "I am also a caretaker for wild pigeons. I train them to do stunts.", "That sounds interesting, I knew a fellow that raced pigeons.", "A racer huh? We rollers hate racers!", "Thats the term he used too! I thought the rollers sounded amazing,.", "Yes they are quite unique. And valuable too! Cost alot of $$."], ["so what's the dog's names", "I have named Rocco and the other named Pebbles. Do you like your job?", "I do! my job is my dream -- creating. I feel very lucky. do you like your work?", "I like being a manager, but I would love to be a manager somewhere else. Do you get a lot of nice dogs?", "where do you think you would like to work? and yes yes yes, so many doggos all the time! it's so much fun and they're all so sweet. what types of dogs do you have?", "I would love to work in a office, preferably insurance. And that's great! I have a Labrador Retriever and a Pitbull. They are awesome!", "those are such lovely breeds. smart and friendly and strong. do your dogs like doing tricks or are they too independent for that?", "My Lab loves doing tricks, my Pitbull not too much. Do you do any art other than painting?", "pittbulls have such cute faces that we can forgive the no tricks though right? :) and yes! I also am a photographer and I do wedding photogrpahy and portraits", "Yes definitely! And that's awesome, I wish I could take better photographs!", "honestly so much comes down to camera! I bet you're as good as I am when it comes to angles or knowing what to do -- the camera is what makes the picture fancy, not my skills, lol. do you use a phone camera or do you like to use a real camera for pics?", "I use my phone, don't take enough pictures for a real camera. If I took better pictures I would post more on social media lol"], ["What do you and your dogs do on the weekends?", "I like to take my dogs on long walks in the park on the weekends.", "How lovely! Are they on leash or do you let them be :) Both Labradors and Pitbulls are full of energy!", "My local park requires all dogs to be on a leash, so I follow the rules and make sure they are always on a leash.", "Yes most parks do with a few exceptions! Do the kitties tag along too?!", "My cats do not like exercise, they prefer to stay home and take a nap.", "Haha why am I not surprised! By the way have you been applying for jobs at insurance offices?", "Yes, I have. I've got a few interviews lined up next week. I hope I get a job offer!", "That is awesome.... all the very best with that! There\u2019s nothing like doings work that you like :)", "I agree wholeheartedly. How is your job going these days?", "Like a dream... I enjoy it so much I should have to pay for having so much fun!", "You're so lucky! How long have you been doing your dream job for?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I go to a rock-climbing gym. I enjoy long walks on the beach.", "I work at a restaurant. I enjoy working at the restaurant, but it's busy. I enjoy interacting with people at my job. There was a fire at my job.", "I am an omnivore - I eat both meat and vegetables.", "I like 21 Pilots. I went to a 21 Pilots concert recently. I love Aerosmith. I know a lot about pop bands. I prefer classic rock."], "partner_persona": ["I love the beach.", "I like Mediterranean food.", "I have 5 grand children. my grandkids are grown. they like to tell me about the latest music, but I can't keep up.", "I am not a vegetarian. None of my grandchildren are vegetarians.", "I like older bands like Styx and Journey.", "I went to an Aerosmith concert. the Aerosmith concert I went to was back in the days. I'd like to see them again. my favorite Aerosmith song is \"Love in an elevator\".", "I don't know any of the new pop bands that my grandkids like. I don't understand much about kpop."], "current_conv": ["Did you look into the kpop bands that your grandkids like?", "Oh yes and they we\u2019re mighty impressed! Thanks for educating me lol", "No worries.  It can be hard to keep up with current trends these days thanks to the long reach of the internet.  Are they going to try and make you go to a concert with them some day?lol", "Haha\u2026 I can see it coming! They won\u2019t have to twist my arm\u2026 I feel so blessed to be able to spend so much time with them! But ya if it\u2019s too crazy I\u2019ll just shut my eyes and teleport myself to the Aerosmith concert in the glory days lol", "I can't think of two acts more different.  The only similarity will be the screaming girls in the audience.lol", "Hehe\u2026 true! By the way do you get to eat for free at the restaurant you work at?", "We get two free meals per week and we can take home any left over baked goods at the end of the night so they don't go to waste.  It's a nice perk for sure.", "Wow\u2026 that\u2019s awesome! I\u2019ve always thought that\u2019s a gr8 perk myself!", "Yeah, it's better than just a discount cause I shouldn't eat out too much since it's expensive and it saves me a little money on meals.  The food is good too.", "That is really nice! What\u2019s your schedule like? Do you work on weekends also?", "Unfortunately.  I usually work a double on Saturday and I work Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday 8 hours each roughly.  It all depends on how busy we get.", "Quite a hectic schedule you have\u2026 it\u2019s a good thing you enjoy working there!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there. What are you up to today? I've been to the rock climbing gym.", "Well, I was just at the beach, I love the beach.", "Oh wow, I love taking long walks on the beach!", "I am hungry, do you want to some meditarranean food, you won't regret it?", "Actually, I work at a restaurant, why don't you come by?", "Nice, I might come by with my five grandchildren, is that okay/.", "Yes of course, is anyone vegetarian? I'm an omnivore myself.", "No one is actually, but I might come by still. Hey do you like music?", "Yeah, I love the band 21 pilots. I'm going to their concert this week.", "Nice man I actually like the old bands like styx and journey.", "Do you want to go rock climbing with me tomorrow?", "Would love to, hey what's your favorite season?"], ["There was a fire at my restaurant but I managed to put it out!", "That's wonderful. That must have been super scary. Did anyone get hurt? Was there a lot of damage? I am glad that you are okay!", "i'm glad I am okay too! it was very scary. there's so much responsibility in moments like that! you must feel lots of responbsibility when you're watching the grandkids. they ever give you a run for your money?", "Sometimes, especially when they were younger. Now that they are grown, we have an understanding, and they behave pretty much. They do fight a lot with one another, but kids will be kids. How was the concert? My grandkids are always telling me about the latest music, but I can't keep up with it.", "kids are resilient too. they get up to trouble but usually bounce back. :-) i'm glad they're easier to handle these days! the concert was pretty good -- they were surprisingly talented live! I love a good show. what's your favorite concert you've ever been to?", "I went to an Aerosmith concert, and it was amazing. So much energy and the vibe was cool. Nothing like live music.", "oh my goodness I LOVE aerosmith! that's so awesome! was it recent or back in their glory days?", "Back in the glory days. :) I will never forget it. I would like to see them again, but I doubt it will be the same. Steven Tyler is aging and I am not sure how much he sings these days.", "he's so talented. and I think one of the best things about him is that by all accounts he's an actually good guy. you never hear anyone say a bad word about him. which makes me feel good about liking the band, lol. it's always so disappointing to have a hero then find out theyre a jerk.", "So true! He has like homeless shelters and things where he donates his time and money. I think that's so admirable.", "agreed. and he and his daughter have a good relationship which is also a good thing. do you have a favorite aerosmith song?", "I do! Love In An Elevator - something about it. Gives me chills."], ["How are your grandkids doing?", "They're doing well. They're telling me about all this pop music that they like but I don't know any of the bands. Do you know any pop bands?", "There's so many!  I guess I'd need to narrow it down to what kind.. Like Kpop or mainstream top 40 radio bands...", "Oh! I think I heard my grandkids talking about kpop but I didn't understand it. What is that anyways?", "It's short for Korean pop bands.  It's mostly South Korean culture.", "Well, I would imagine it's not much North Korean culture... That's interesting. Is that your favorite genre?", "Not at all.  I like classic rock, like Aerosmith.", "Great. Is that what they usually play at your restaurant?", "They play a decent mix of songs at the restaurant.  Easy listening mostly so the diners have a relaxing experience", "Oh that makes sense. Do you enjoy working there generally or is it too much work?", "I enjoy it but it's very busy.  I like the interaction with people and every day is something different with customers or with experiences.  Like when I had to put out that fire!  Didn't think that would happen the day I went to work haha", "Oh no! There was a fire? Was every ok? Did someone get fired?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy spending time at the library. I also like the ocean. I like fishing. I live near the beach.", "I am a Doctor's assistant.", "I do not have any pets.", "I just caught an 8 foot long fish! It was a kingfish.", "I try to go fishing at least once a month.", "I want to take time off to visit Hawaii again. I did touristy stuff last time I went to Hawaii. I want to explore it more next time.", "I've only traveled in the United States.", "I am going on vacation to Hawaii. I will likely be going alone on vacation. I want to see waterfalls and volcanos in Hawaii.", "I do not play sports."], "partner_persona": ["I love scuba diving. I have been to Hawaii three times.", "I have 2 pet snakes.", "I am divorced.", "I want to go on a cruise one day.", "I used to be a Marine. it kept me too busy for a social life and hobbies. As a Marine I traveled a lot.", "I am going scuba diving next week.", "I want to go on vacation to Hawaii. I will probably go on a cruise.", "I play soccer.", "I like to go fishing on the weekend."], "current_conv": ["I just mapped out an itinerary with tons of cool sights and events for my trip.", "That sounds like so much fun! What's first on the agenda?", "I'm gonna hit up some of the beaches first, and then go see the mountains. I can't wait! Hey, maybe you could come along?", "That would be nice but I just booked the cruise! I'm going down to Mexico for a bit!", "That sounds like fun too! Another time then. What are you planning to do there?", "I'm planning on scuba diving a bit, maybe a little surfing. I just need some time to relax!", "True, don't we all! I wonder if they have nice fishing spots there?", "I'm not sure! I'll check in with a local and see! I'm sure there are different laws and licenses in Mexico for fishing though.", "Oh yeah I'm there there's mad restrictions. How are your snakes doing though?", "They're good! I'm having my neighbor come and feed them while I'm away!", "Nice! I'm thinking about getting a pet dog soon in fact. Pretty different than a snake lol. Are snakes hard to take care of?", "Wow that's cool!! What kind of dog? And snakes aren't that hard, they don't eat too often and are pretty chill!"], "history_conv": [["If you do not find me in the library, you see me beside the ocean.", "Okay me too, my favorite hobby to scuba dive.", "I learnt thats fun. I love fishing.", "That great. I been to hawaii about 3 times, have you been there..", "I have just been there once but I have a beach beside my house.", "That is cool. I am a marine veteran.", "Okay, I work as a doctor assistant and do other things at night.", "Wow. I have 2 snakes as pets. Do you have any pets..", "No the only pet I have is killing fishes and eating them.", "Okay. I was marry to my wife and now we are divorced..", "I am sorry to hear that. Have you ever been on a cruise?", "Thanks, but one day I will go on the cruise..", "I am sure you will enjoy it.", "Thanks. I hope I will."], ["I caught the biggest fish just now - it was 8 feet long!", "Oh really, what type of fish was it? Did it have any distinct colours to it?", "It was a kingfish. They are whitish-silver with a darker greenish on top", "Wow it sounded like a beautiful fish. Do you get many chances to go fishing in the week?", "I try to go out at leas once a month. My job as a Doctor's assistance takes up all of my time. So I cannot go as many times as I would like.", "Yeah I understand that. Working can just take up so much of your time. Back in the day when I was a Marine, I didn't get chance to have a social life really. It's really important though to make time for friends and family and a few hobbies every here and there.", "I would love to take some time off and visit Hawaii again. This time I would try to get in some fishing there.", "That sounds like an amazing trip. Hawaii is a truly beautiful place, I've been lucky enough to go three times and still never get bored of it.", "It is a great place. Last time I did the normal touristy stuff. But I would like to really explore the place.", "Yes it's definitely worth looking further into the natural sites of Hawaii and research the less touristy things to do. Have you managed to travel to many countries?", "no, I only traveled in the United States. But I bet as a Marine you went to a lot of countries.", "Well, i'd definitely recommend trying to book some time off work to travel. You are only young once and travelling the world is one of the best things to do. Yes, as a Marine you do tend to travel quite a bit actually. Is there anywhere you really wish you could go?"], ["I just put in for vacation time. decided I was going to book a trip to Hawaii and not put it off any longer!", "I am going on scuba diving next week.", "There are so many things that I want to do in Hawaii that I'm not sure what to do first.", "Maybe go to fishing first. I also want to go for vacation. Are you going alone?", "Fishing sounds like a good idea to me as I will probably be going alone this time so I can relax more.", "I will probably be going on a cruise. I always wanted to go on a cruise.", "I wonder if I could do a small cruise around the islands while I'm in Hawaii. That would be a good way to find more spots to visit.", "Yes, that will be nice. I am going to go play soccer tomorrow. Do you play any sports?", "I'm not really a sports person except for fishing if that counts. I'm hoping to catch some real good fish while I'm there.", "I think you will. I sometime likes to go to fishing on the weekend.", "I'm hoping to see some waterfalls and maybe some volcano flows in Hawaii this trip.", "You should go to the Island Oahu. It's the most popular Hawaiian island, as well as the cheapest."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am in school. I'm a straight A student. I want to be a doctor when I grow up.", "I love the beach. I enjoy music.", "I am in track. I run.", "I live with my mom. My dad works with steel.", "I don't like to eat fish.  I don't like tuna.", "I'm trying to get a scholarship for college. I am applying to school.", "I am a hard worker.  I enjoy relaxing.", "I want to go to med school after college.  I will need scholarships for college."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a doctor's assistant.", "I like to fish in the ocean.", "I have a condo at the beach. I like Sublime.", "I am single/unmarried. I have a dog named Scruff.", "I don't have a relationship with my parents. I ran away.", "I like eating fish. I go fishing. I want to buy some new fishing gear.  I want to take a fishing trip to catch big tuna.", "I like to grill. Tuna is not my favorite fish to eat. I like fishing for sport.", "I have weekends off.  I go fishing at least once a month in the summer."], "current_conv": ["Did you go fishing? Caught any fish that you've been able to cook up? How big is your Condo?", "Yes, i went to fishing last weekend and the best part it was not tuna, I caught a Salmon and it was grilled with all spices and it was perfect. My condo is pretty average i guess 3 rooms but it has a pretty nice view though. Did you go to the beach ?", "Your salmon sounds delicious. I wish I could cook. That is something I need to practice more. Are you a good cook? I am hoping to go to the beach soon.", "I can grill well and specially those fish but as a cook not so great. i have a lot of experience in eating bad food that i made myself. that's great. Do you do your run on the beach ?", "Grilling might be a good way to get into cooking. Yes, I have run on the beach before, it is harder than running on track but good practice. I am hoping to plan a trip to the beach during the summer.", "That sounds awesome.  What is your longest have you run? Do you plan on running 5K or 10K in the future?", "I have training for 5K. I am so close at the moment. Hoping to get there by next month for when the coach comes to see if I could get a scholarship. ", "I'm sure you will do great. I wish i could run 5K or have some training but i don't have the stamina for it. Have you decided what kind of doctor will you become?", "I am hoping to become an oncologist. I think it is such a powerful and important job and I really hope to make a difference in the future."], "history_conv": [["Hey just got out of school, finally get to chat!", "Nice. I just finished work. I'm a doctor's assistant.", "That sounds, nice I'm been getting straight a's so I can grow up to be a doctor.", "Awesome. I like spending time fishing in the ocean. When I'm not working.", "I love the ocean nice place to relax and listen to music.", "Exactly. I listen to sublime at my beach condo..", "I mostly just listen while I'm running at track practice. Do you eat the fish?", "Yes I do. I love eating fish. I fish so I do quite a bit.", "My mom always cooks fish, I don't really care for it.", "It's good stuff. Try a different kind of fish. Either way the ocean is so nice..", "What about your family? Are you married?", "I'm single. Live on my own with my pet dog scruff. How about you?", "My dad is a steelworker, never home, just me and my mom.", "Yeah I ran away from home. I don't know what my parents do now."], ["Have you been fishing at your beach condo lately?", "I have! I went out this morning and caught 3 moderately sized fish and I got to keep one for dinner.", "What kind was it? I'm still not a fan of fish maybe I haven't tried one I like", "I caught a Tuna. Have you tried Tuna before? It", "I have and I didnt like it very much.  the only fish I sort of liked was mahi mahi but I think it was more of the way it was seasoned.  It hid the fish taste", "Fish is definitely an acquired taste. How has school been?", "im passing everything which is good.  The year is almost over so I cant wait for summer.", "That's awesome, congratulations! Do you plan on running a lot over the summer?", "oh yea I have to stay in shape for track.  Im trying to get under 20 minutes for a 5k im at 32 now", "Oh wow! I'm sure you'll hit that 20 minute mark. Lots of practice, but it'll be worth it in the end", "I hope so, the better I do the more likely I can get a scholarship to college", "That would be fantastic. Have you started looking into what schools you want to apply to?"], ["Are you on the hunt for any new fishing gear for this summer?", "You know it.  I want to get some gear that is rated for heavier fish.  I want to try and catch a big tuna.", "Oh I hate tuna!  Maybe you could share a few recipes that would make me like it.", "I like to grill it with lemon and a lot of seasoning.  Its a tasty fish, not my favorite but I just want to get one because they are so huge!", "Fishing must take a lot of time, how often does your work let you get out on the water?", "Its an all day thing.  I try and get out 1 to 2 weekends a month during the warm months.  The doctor I work for doesnt operate on weekends so I have the time.", "That's great to hear!  I want to work in medicine too, I'm glad to hear there's still time for hanging out by the ocean.  I'm a hard worker but you have to leave time for relaxing!", "You have to unwind somehow otherwise you snap.  YOu cant go 24/7 you need some me time", "Exactly.  Right now I'm working on a bunch of applications for school, and whenever I get overwhelmed with all the paperwork I just go out for a long run.  Helps me refocus when I get back.", "I find that stepping away from the stress of something like that even for a little while helps.  Its good to take a break and get a new look at the issue.  What schools are you looking at?", "My mom wants me to look at some private schools in my area.  She thinks they'll give me the best chance at a good med school later.  They're really expensive, though, I'll need a lot of scholarships or I'll end up in debt.", "having all the debt can put you in a bad headspace.  Once you get out of the private school and hit up college try and do your gen eds at a community college.  its cheaper and they should transfer."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My job is working on computers. I have previously had a bartending job. I enjoyed my bartending job.", "I love to read. I love to bicycle. I enjoy eating.", "I studied computer science for 2 years. I do not have a college degree. I refurbish PCs.", "I am a night person."], "partner_persona": ["I have a master's degree. I have a bartending job.", "I have a houseboat. I host parties on my houseboat. I like to play music loudly. I have been living in a houseboat for about three years. I wouldn't move back onto land.", "I have four siblings.", "My mom works at FedEx. I help my mom at FedEx occasionally. I do not usually read.", "I have a bachelor's in business administration. I have a master's in business administration.", "I love living on a boat. I have parties on my houseboat.  I like to cruise around the harbor and to different ports. I'm planning a party around the 19th."], "current_conv": ["So what marina are you currently staying at?", "I'm in Marina Del Ray.  Have you been to California before?", "No I haven't, how is it over there?", "Right now it's crazy hot. Anyone who thinks climate change is a hoax and come visit Cali for a day and have their minds changed.", "I doubt they'd be convinced on the sun. How is living on your houseboat?", "It has it's pro's and con's.  You can't beat the view but when it comes time for any kind of maintenance it's not like your average house.  I wouldn't want to live anywhere else though.lol", "I'm sure it's lovely. I heard you were having a party around the 19th, what's it for?", "Nothing special.  I just love having friends over as often as possible and they all love hanging out on the water.  One of our friends is going on vacation and will be gone for their birthday so we'll probably get them a cake and have a mini celebration for that.", "That sounds lovely! I wish I could go to a party, but studying keeps me so busy, I can't stand it sometimes lol", "Sometimes a break is better for you than cramming in an extra study session.  Making time for fun is still important.", "I know I know, but I know if I work hard now I'll be able to relax in the future. You have your bachelor's degree already and your living it up on a boat.", "Self care is important to keep yourself performing at your best and not being burned out.  You can trust me on that since I have a bachelors degree and am currently living it up on a house boat.lol"], "history_conv": [["Hayyy. How are you tonight?", "I'm great, and you? What are you up to?", "I am listening to music at the moment! And just getting everything ready 4 work tomorrow!", "What do you do for a living?", "I work on computers! (i build em, fix em) all that fun stuff. Lol how bout you?", "I actually just got my master's degree, but bartending until I find something else.", "Oh nice! I've done that before myself (bartending!) I liked it. Do you?", "It's cool. Helps me when I have parties on my houseboat!", "Oh I bet! And you get to meet new folks all the time! Houseboat huh? Sounds fun!", "It is but can get really crowded. Especially when my four siblings come visit!", "Your life sounds fun actually! Do you like to read?", "Don't really have time. I also help my mom at fedex quite a bit.", "I love to read. I also love bicycling as well and eating of course.", "Eating and bicycling don't seem like a good match!"], ["What's your least favorite part of having a houseboat?", "Probably the part where I need to pay to empty out the tank that our toilet and water empties into!", "Yes, that does sound like a real stinker job!  How long have you been living on a houseboat?", "For about 3 years now! Oh man it's the best.. I feel like I have so much freedom and I don't disturb anybody with how loud we play music and talk", "I think it's a very romantic idea to live on the water like that.  I knew a guy who loved on a sailboat in the marina full time.  He seemed to like that.  Do you ever see yourself coming back to dry land?", "No way, i love being on the water. It could be romantic for sure but I do not have another in my life to share that with and I am not ready to settle down. I would only come back if something happened to my boat that I couldn't fix", "I understand.  Say, you never told me what you got your master's degree in.", "I got my bachelors in business administration but realized that I did not want to run my own business, not yet anyway", "And then was your master's degree in business administration as well?  Either way, congratulations as that's a big accomplishment.", "Thank you, yes I meant masters. It was a huge achievement but not one I am really feeling since I haven't put the certification to any use", "Well, don't feel too bad.  I got through two years of college studying computer science and then dropped out.  So I didn't even get a degree!", "Oh no friend, I am so sorry to hear that! Is there any way you can retrieve the credits that you earned so you can go back and resume?"], ["How is the houseboat life going?", "I mean, it's a houseboat. So it's pretty much always amazing. Have you considered a houseboat?", "No. I'm afraid of sleepwalking and going out the front door and drowning!  I think I'll stick to the land.", "Well, it isn't for everyone, but I love that boat life. I wake up. I cruise around the marina. It's nice. Do you sleepwalk often?", "No, I was just kidding.  I'm sure one of the nice things about a houseboat is you don't have to worry too much about noisy neighbors. Or anyone complaining about your parties.", "True. That is nice. But I also get to just cruise around the harbor. I can even sail to different ports. The flexibility is nice. Have you been to one of my classic houseboat parties?", "No, I'd enjoy it sometime, especially if you need any help tending bar!  I miss doing that.", "Well we will always need that. But you should also enjoy the party! I'm having one in a couple weeks. You free around the 19th?", "I think so. I have a few PC's I'm refurbishing, but I should be finished by then.", "Perfect. I'd send you my address, but I don't know what pier I'll be at. They usually start around 9. That work for you?", "Sure, 9 is great! I'm pretty much a night person.", "Excellent. Once I know where I'll be posting up, I'll definitely let you know."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not have children.", "I have a hobby of working on cars. I am currently working on my dream car. I own a monster truck.", "I recently changed the tires on my truck. I own an airboat.", "Hunting alligators is my job. I recently got back into hunting alligators.", "I like to paint and enjoy horror movies. My favorite movie is Star Wars and my favorite genre is Sci-Fi. I have seen both versions of IT. I like part 1 of IT movie remake better than the original. I think part 2 of the remake is not that good. I think the IT movies are amazing.", "I like seasoned grilled alligator. I can grill well."], "partner_persona": ["I work for the U.S. President.", "I have two daughters: Kate and Mary.", "I have a hobby of painting.", "I enjoy naps.", "My favorite movie genre is horror. I have seen both versions of IT. I loved part 1 of the IT remake. I didn't much like part 2.", "My favorite book is Harry Potter.", "I don't work with politicians much.", "I know how to prepare sides."], "current_conv": ["I grilled some alligator yesterday. Sorry I didn't tell you so that you could bring sides, it was kind of last minute. ", "Oh bummer. I had some really excellent corn from my brother's farm that I could've brought over! How was it? Did it come out well?", "The corn came out well! I put it on the grill next to the seasoned grilled alligator.", "Well I guess I'm glad you had some! Let me know when you grill up another gator. I'm interested in how you manage the seasoning.", "I was thinking of grilling another one up next weekend. Are you available to come over in the afternoon?", "Sure, sounds good to me. What time? Like 3 ish or is that too late? Do you want me to bring something?", "Yeah, I think that 3 should be good. Do you want to bring a side?", "Sure. What goes best with gator? I could do a Tex Mex salad if that works. Or I could go with some garlic green beans? What do you think?", "Yeah, that would great! Grilled beans would be great!", "Okay, I can do that. I have a great recipe from my great grandma. It's been a family favorite for a long time.", "That would be wonderful! I can't wait to try the recipe! ", "Awesome, I'm looking forward to it. Let me know if I can bring anything else."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you? What do you do for a living?", "I work for the president of the us. Do you have kids?", "No l have no kids. Do you have kids?", "I have 2 girls, kate and mary. What are your hobbies?", "I'm working on my dream car and I've got a monster truck.", "My hobby is painting, I am real good at it..", "I just put 33 inch tires on my truck and lve got an airboat.", "I would love to take a nap on an air boat. I like naps.", "That would be hard to do! I gator hunt also.", "Watched a horror movie with gators once. My favorite type of movie is horror!", "Cool! I love to hunt them it's my job. I just got back to doing it though.", "We should go hunting then. Time for my nap'tho. See ya!"], ["I finished my latest painting, of a poster from my favorite horror movie.", "what is your favorite movie? i also enjoy painting", "My favorite movie is Star Wars, it fits into my favorite genre of Sci-Fi and is very entertaining to watch.", "oh awesome! i am currently working on a harry potter painting. which is my favorite book/movie", "Wow that is amazing! Would you show it to me when you are done, I would love to see it? Should I check out Harry Potter?", "of course1 and 1000 times yes! if you havent checked it out i highly recommend it!", "Thank you for that recommendation. Do you think it was your favorite painting you have ever done, or do you think painting for horror movies is better?", "my favorite genre is horror. i saw a IT painting recently that was amazing", "Oh wow, I would love to check that out. IT is actually one of my favorite horror movies, although nothing can beat Sci-Fi.", "have you seen the recent remake?", "I have, and the original as well. Have you seen both?", "i have! i really enjoyed the remake it was the best sequel"], ["I just rewatched both versions of the IT movie and I think the remake is better, but the second movie in the remake is worse than the first.", "I have to agree with you. I loved the remake but the second movie didn't do anything new.", "Just like the original IT miniseries years ago, the movie where the kids are the main characters is much scarier! Both are pretty amazing movies, though.", "The real question is though, how has been working in a real life horror situation of having to hunt alligators? Any close calls?", "A few, but it's not nearly as dangerous as one would think. They're not exactly the most intelligent animals, so for the most part they're pretty predictable. I think you have the more dangerous job, working with politicians! lol!", "Haha! You got me there! Luckily my job doesn't require me to rub shoulders with too many politicians. What happens after you hunt the alligators? Do you clean them yourself?", "It depends. Sometimes, I'm just hired to catch them if they end up where they're not supposed to be. In those cases, I just relocate them. The rules are very specific about which alligators can be hunted and which can't. Although, I must admit that grilled alligator with just the right spices is absolutely delicious!", "Oh what! I didn't know you could eat alligator meat! What do they taste like?", "It's a weird mix between fish, chicken and pork. It's a very unique taste, but it's got a very vibrant, rich flavor. You must try it sometime!", "I'd love to try some! Next time you're cooking some up at your place, let me know! I'll be there in a flash.", "Absolutely! There are some restaurants, especially in Louisiana, that serve it, but they don't always do it justice. I'm not a great cook, but I can grill with the best of them.", "Sounds like fun. When's the next time you're planning to grill? I can bring some sides."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at the mall. I work at a pet store. I love pets.", "I moved into a new house. I took 3 weeks to recover from my last move. I moved because I needed for space.", "I need a new couch. I prefer thrift stores with furniture over Ikea.", "I love grilling steak or hotdogs.  I eat salad on hot days.", "I like to walk around the mall on my lunch break to destress.", "I have 2 dogs. My dogs tore up my couch. I want to get a new couch. I want a dark gray couch so stains from my dogs won't show.", "I rented a truck when I moved last time. I have family who live nearby."], "partner_persona": ["I am tired from a long mountain hike.", "I love dogs. I will be moving eventually next week. My room will be painted yellow. I am packing for a move. I have an orange couch. I want to paint my living room a vibrant purple.", "I shopped at a goodwill for my high school play.", "I do not like steak or hotdogs. I like to eat salad with cucumbers. I like to grill hotdogs.", "I have cats. My couch is a special fabric so my cat's claws ruin it.", "I like to shop at thrift stores.", "I don't like hot weather.  I am excited to move to my new house."], "current_conv": ["I found a new couch.  It is the perfect color of gray.  I'm glad the weather is cooler, now I can enjoy hotdogs instead of salad for dinner!", "That is great! Are you picking up the couch or are you having it delivered?", "I am having it delivered. Have you moved yet?", "I have not moved yet, but I am in the process of looking for a new place to live!", "I hope you find a new place were the weather is nice and cool. Do you have an area in mind ?", "I want to live in the country side where it is quiet!", "That sounds nice and would be great for grilling some hot dogs. Why did you choose orange for you couch?", "I like to be unique, so I thought an orange couch would be unique! I love the burnt orange color!", "Nothing  wrong with being unique. I forgot that you don't like hot dogs or steak. What do you grill when you have a bbq?", "I usually grill vegetables and shrimp! Shrimp on the grill is the best!", "I also love shrimp. I guess that is another reason we both enjoy thrift stores; to save all our money for shrimp!", "Maybe we can get together over the weekend and make some shrimp on the grill!"], "history_conv": [["Hey there, what are you up to? I'm going to work at the mall.", "I just finished a long mountain hike! Boy am I tired! What type of store do you work at?", "A pet store, I love pets. I have 2 dogs..", "I love dogs! I hope to get one when I move.", "I just moved into a new house, but it's not finished yet.", "I'm moving next week. I'm going to paint my room yellow I think.", "Hey do you know a good furniture shop? I need a new couch.", "Ikea is cheap. I'm not sure how comfortable though.", "Oh I was looking for more of a thrift store with furniture, but thanks.", "For my high school play we went to goodwill. Try there!", "Hey are you free? I got a new grill and I love grilling. Steak or hotdogs?", "Neither. I prefer salad, especially with cucumbers!"], ["How did your move go? Did all go well?", "it hasn't happened yet! we're still packing and getting ready but i'm already exhausted. how long did it take you to recover from your move?", "It took about 3 weeks to fully recover from all of the packing and unpacking. It's not fun at all!", "yes and because it's like, your HOME, there's just no peaceful place to recover from the chaos! what had prompted your most recent move?", "Exactly! And I was ready for a bigger house, I needed more space. I bet you're going to need even more time recovering since you had a long mountain hike!", "I totally hear you on space. nobody likes to be cramped. and yeah, i'm definitely sore from the hike but it was good to clear my head before the big move! what do you do to relax or unwind when you're in a stressful situation?", "I love to just take a stroll around the mall on my lunch break. The mall is usually empty so it's kind of peaceful. Other than yellow do you have anything else in mind for colors?", "that sounds really nice. fresh air! and yes, I want to paint the living room a really vibrant purple. my couch is orange and I think it would look cool!", "Yes that would look really good together! I can't wait to get a new couch, the dogs have messed up the couch I have now.", "aw man thats such a bummer. what color couch would you get do you think?", "I think I want a dark grey couch, something where stains from the dogs doesn't show so easily. I love them, but they are messy!", "big dogs often are! dark colors hide stains better so thats smart. I have cats so I had to get a special fabric couch so their claws couldnt ruin it."], ["I am going to send you a list of my best moving tips that will save you time and trouble.", "Oh, that would be excellent! Thank you. I am not excited to move next week as it is so much work.", "I can understand that. My last move took 3 weeks for me to feel \"normal\" again.", "Did you rent a truck for moving or did you just have family help you?", "I rented a truck for all my stuff and family helped unload. Unfortunately my couch was ruined in the move so I'm on the hunt for a new one.", "Well, I know there are a few thrift stores in the area. Have you check them for a couch yet?", "Not yet, I plan to this weekend though. I'm looking for a plain old gray couch. Thrift stores are so much fun to hunt through for them.", "Well, if I am in the area, I will take a look and see if I can find a grayish color couch. Would that be okay with you?", "That would be awesome, thank you for offering! Are you at least excited to move and start painting your place?", "Yes, I think once the initial part of moving is out of the way, I will be excited. The hot weather doesn't help how I am feeling about the move.", "Yes, it's so hot and sticky. I've mostly just been eating salad lately instead of hotdogs.", "Salad is certainly the better option, especially in the summer. However, a good hot dog on the grill in the summer is the best!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love walking on the beach. I like nature. I go hiking a lot.", "I'm in high school. I don't know much about car racing.", "I speak English and Spanish.", "I am moving next week.", "I am packing to move. I found 2 oil paintings. My parents don't know anything about the paintings.", "I have an aunt. My aunt wants to go to the off track car races.", "I can drive.", "I don't like loud noises."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy art. I want to be a painter. I am taking an on line art course.", "I like to watch cars race. I am not outside often.", "I am older than a high schooler.", "I went to off road races with my dad when I was young.", "I sunburn easily. I mostly stay inside because I sunburn easily. I got sunburnt last year.", "I own some ear muffs."], "current_conv": ["I found an old pair of ear muffs so I won't need to borrow yours", "Oh that's great. I still think you should go to the dentist though. Have you always had this problem? ", "Yeah, since I was a kid! Do you like the dentist?", "Wow, I've never heard of that before, but that sucks. And no, I hate the dentist. When I was a kid I grew two rows of teeth so I had to spend ages at the dentist dealing with that and it scarred me. How about you?", "Ah I'm sorry and no lol I don't because of the loud noises haha! That's crazy that you grew two rows of teeth was it painful?", "Oh of course, I should have thought about that haha! Yeah so strange I know, everyone on my dad's side has the same issue. But yeah it was very painful, although I think I mostly hated having to stay still for that long.  Did you ever have any medical issues as a child? ", "I'm so sorry that must have been hard! I was very fortunate to not have any major health issues so far!", "Oh that's lucky, but I don't envy you the loud noise thing. Are you moving somewhere quiet, or is it more about really close by noises?", "It is closer noises! I'm ok with general noises so I am moving to the city!", "Oh that's good! Life would be pretty hard otherwise. Have you spent much time in your new neighbourhood before?", "I've visited a few times! It has lots of restaurants and nightlife close by which I think I will enjoy!", "Oh that's very exciting! How is the packing going btw? "], "history_conv": [["Hi! I love walking on the beach.", "That's awesome. I really enjoy art and will one day be a painter.", "Sounds fun! I really like nature so I go hiking a lot.", "Ohhh fun! The only time im outside is at the races! Love cars that fast.", "I don't really know about those. I'm in high school what about you?", "I am a little older, not in school but try to help others achieve things.", "Oh I understand that! I speak two languages, english and spanish!", "Oh wow! Thats awesome for you!", "Thank you! I'm moving closer to a subdivision next week so yay me!", "Aww! Yay, that'll be fun and I'm sure you will love it.", "Yes! It was so nice chatting.", "Definitely! I hope you have a great night."], ["Guess what I found while packing more moving boxes?", "Hey, what did you find?", "I found several original paintings, one of a meadow and the other of a waterfall. They are beautiful but unsigned.", "Are hey oil paintings? Too bad they are unsigned. They could be worth a lot of money", "Yes they are oil. I'm sure it's something my parents got at one time but they don't seem to know anything about them. Might have been passed down from family. You can come take a look at if you want.", "I would love to look at them. Even though they may not be worth a lot, they may be great to hang up.", "Sure. Hey my aunt wants to go to the race track next week to watch those cars that race on dirt. I don't know much about it but might be fun.", "They are fun to watch. I used to go every week with my dad with I was younger.", "You can come with us if you want. I think the weather is supposed kind of hot though.", "I think I will pass on the offer. I burn very easy so I stay mostly inside but thanks for the invite.", "No problem. If you're planning to stay inside I know that Netflix has several documentaries on art that you might like to watch.", "I have been taking an online art course. So a documentary would go perfect with my art course."], ["I could pick you up this evening to come over and see the paintings if you would like.", "That would be great! I would love that.", "I noticed that some of the paint on the corner of one of the paintings chipped away, and it looks like there was something else painted underneath it. Weird, huh?  Do you think you'd be ready by around 7?", "That does sound strange. I wonder what it was. Yes, I could be ready by then. You know if you and your aunt really want to go to the off track car races we could all go together next weekend.", "Sure!  Just don't forget the sunscreen!  I think it's supposed to be partly cloudy though, so maybe it won't be too bad.", "Great! Lol I will definitely remember the sunscreen. I certainly don't want a repeat of last year....I forgot the sunscreen and came back blistered!!", "I just hope that it doesn't get too loud.  When I'm around loud noises sometimes my teeth start to ache.", "Oh well that is no good. I have ear muffs that you can borrow if you think that would help.", "Thanks!  It might help. I don't know what causes it. I asked my dentist and he told me to ask my doctor.  I asked my doctor and he told me to ask my dentist.", "Of course! I'm gonna go get dressed. I'll see you at 7!", "Great!  Meanwhile, I'd better get some more packing done.", "Yes, before you know it it'll be moving day!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I invented a teleportation machine. I invented a time machine. I can teleport.", "I can do magic.", "I like to follow procedure.", "I know Jerome well. I know a man named Jerome who is looking for an apprentice. I found training very intense. I have completed the first phase of my training.", "I learned how to levitate.", "I want to learn psychokinesis."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals. I know how to paint. I paint animals. I am an artist. I write music.", "I don't care much about money.", "I would like to time travel. I want to learn how to teleport. I want to learn how to do magic.", "I am very intrigued by Jerome. I want to learn more about Jerome. I have time to be an apprentice.", "I am a good student.", "I want to learn to levitate. I want to be Jerome's apprentice. I am curious about what training with Jerome entails.", "I like Italian food."], "current_conv": ["I have been practicing levitating and it is truly an amazing experience.  I can't wait until you learn how to do it too.", "I know! We talked about it last time and I really want to learn!", "It's truly amazing. Life-altering. I'll see if I can get you hooked up with Jerome.", "Did you tell Jerome that I have some free time right now? And that i would be a good student?", "I did, but his schedule is so tight. He's slowly going through candidates for his apprenticeship. He says he just gets a sense about people when he meets them. I'll see if he can meet with you soon. What day would work best?", "I appreciate you doing that. Pretty much any weekday in the afternoon would work great for me. ", "Cool, no problem. I'll let you know. On another subject, I'm hungry. What's your plan for food later on?", "You know me, I was probably going to get some Italian. Do you want to go to The Italian Place?", "Yes! If only I could figure out how to teleport there effectively I'd go right now. I'm starving. I want some good ravioli. Or gnocchi.", "Isn't your teleportation machine in operation? I thought you might be able to just buzz over.", "I'm still trying to iron out some kinks. A few days ago I tried to go to my mom's house and I wound up in the middle of Central Park. Not perfect yet.", "Hey but Juliana's is a great Italian food restaurant there in NYC!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you like animals?", "Yes, I do! I paint a lot of animal pictures.", "That's good, I may like to invest in some of your painting someday..", "That would be nice! I am an artist, love both painting and music.", "Okay. I just finished working on a project that could teleport.", "No way!! So cool! I rather live a simple life with my arts and just get by.", "I bet if you get on this one, you could see the world faster.", "I'd love to! So I can meet all kinds of people! I am a people lover.", "Of course yes and maybe you can try my time machine too.", "That would be wild! Thank you for the offer!", "You can probably visit some people in the future.", "Maybe future me? Is that possible?", "Oh yeah or some future art too.", "Wouldn't that be nice. I'd write a music about that."], ["Guess where I teleported to?", "Where you did end up teleporting to?", "I teleported to the grocery store and bought some bread. It kinda smells off now though.", "How did you learn to teleport?", "I read mystic stones and one of my familiars came through the ether and showed me how its done.", "Wow! Do you think you can teach me?", "I would have to apprentice you in the craft first and then attain Ga'el's permission to introduce you to the familiar Jer'reauxome.", "It would mean the world to me if you went ahead and did that!", "I think Jer'reauxome (Jerome) would approve of you and allow you to follow the path of enlightenment to attain the master of attaing food stuffs with great haste.", "Jerome sounds like an interesting character!", "Jer'reauxome shares the sentiment with the mortal world and would welcome any person or being tat would want to expand their knowledge of the ether realm. He gets very bored and would like to share his wisdom of his travels.", "The wisdom of his travels? I'm listening."], ["I spoke to Jerome about you becoming an apprentice and they think it's a grand idea. When can you start training? It is very intense at first, be warned.", "Anytime that he wants. I will put my whole life on hold to learn about this. It's a big dream of mine!", "You will need to be completely devoted.  He can meet you this weekend at the cave in the hills above his home.", "I'll be there, without question. Do you have any idea what he'll teach me first?", "For sure, he always starts with teaching a new pupil how to levitate.", "Amazing! Simply amazing! I'm so lucky to have been accepted by him to be an apprentice. Is there anything special that I should bring?", "Yes, please bring a chicken parmagiana sandwich for Jerome.", "Will do. I know an amazing Italian restaurant around here that serves a Chicken Parm sandwich to die for! Are you all done with your training with Jerome?", "For now yes.  I need to go on my journey first before I begin my second phase.", "Kind of like a spiritual journey? Like what some Indian tribes require of their young braves?", "Yes, very similar.  When I return Jerome will begin teaching me psychokinesis.", "I've heard of telekinesis, but I've never heard of psychokinesis. What is that? It's ok if you can't tell me since I've not yet started training with Jerome. I'm just curious."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a mall. I don't make much money working at the mall. I think I would make more working at a job with tips. I am afraid I may make even less if I worked for tips. The minimum wage is even lower.", "I am open minded. I like talking to people. It is energizing.", "I think it is bad that everyone sees underpaying is acceptable. I think that even people who disagree with tipping should do it anyway to help their server.", "I am not vegan. I have considered becoming a vegetarian. I like meat."], "partner_persona": ["I have a blog.", "I am a singer. I used to be a veterinarian. I am not a full-time blogger. I want to make my blog a full time gig.", "I like to travel.", "I believe everyone deserves a living wage. I hate people who refuse to tip. In my dream world, everyone could contribute and everyone would have enough to eat and a safe place to live.", "I know how to cook vegan food.I have been vegan for 7 years.  I have been vegetarian for 12 years."], "current_conv": ["My mom told me about a new restaurant downtown that has a fully vegetarian menu, I'm going to try it out.", "Oh that sounds amazing! Do you know anyone who has been there before? I\"d love to join you if you're nervous about going alone.", "My friend who is really into raw food told me about it! And I would love for you to come with me. I need help knowing what sort of vego foods are nicest! Do you ever do restaurant reviews for your blog?", "I could definitely help you pick out some vegetarian foods or vegan as well. I haven't done any restaurant reviews yet, but I have been approached to do some. Once I go full time I might just venture into that.", "Great, I'm looking forward to it then. But oh that's cool, do you get free food when they ask for that?", "I would think I'd have to pay for the food or maybe I get a discount. Otherwise who would take my review seriously if I was given free food in exchange for the review? I'm not really sure to be honest, but it would be fun!", "True, I'm glad that's the case. I guess I always just suspect when I see reviews online that's what's happening. Or maybe it's just influencers haha. What's the main thing you need in order to go full time with your blog? ", "I think honestly it's just dedication and to get over the fear of doing it. Kind of like you are facing now thinking about a different job. It's just the fear of doing something new.", "I totally understand! And I'm not one to talk since I'm still putting that off haha, but I checked out your blog and you do such a good job, I think you definitely have what it takes!", "Oh gosh thank you so much! It really helps to know other people's points of view so that I can be more confident in myself!", "Well I honestly think you're great at it! I wish I had something I was interested enough in to blog about. Is it very competitive in the vegan blog world?", "Surprisingly there are a lot of food bloggers out there and with the up and coming trends there are a bunch of high paid high traffic vegan blogs. I definitely have my work cut out for me. But enough about me! What are your plans for the near future?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "I'm great. Just finishing a blog post. How are you?", "I'm doing fine. What do you blog about?", "Veganism and animals. I call eat, stop eating my cuties.", "Sounds interesting. Is that your full time job?", "No, I used to be a veterinarian, now I sing for money.", "That's a huge profession change. Did you not like being a veterinarian?", "I quit to travel. Still, I find singing rewarding. What do you do?", "I'm not as interesting as you. I work at a nearby mall.", "Perhaps I could sing my new song there. Do you think they will let me?", "Maybe! Around holidays and special events the mall invites musical guests to perform!", "I call it,'sorry they murdered you, lambchop.'it involves a lot of sock puppetry.", "I have never hear anything as strange as that. I'm interested!", "I will see you opening day!"], ["There is an event coming up in a few weeks at the mall. You should submit a performance pitch!", "maybe I will! it would be great to make my blog a full time gig. do you like working at the mall?", "It's alright. It's not particularly high-paying, though. Maybe I should move onto something else, like a tipped role at a restaurant.", "that would be great. you'd meet so many interesting people working in restaurants! do you like to engage with new people?", "I do! I like talking with folks and learning about their lives. I find it to be energizing.", "then I bet the food industry would be great for you. so many people to meet. my guess is retail doesn't really let you talk to folks much because they're there to shop and get in and get out.", "For sure. The only problem though is that a tipped job comes with the risk of lower wages. Minimum wage for tipped employees is $2.13 an hour, not $7.25.", "yeah and that means its hard to have a reliable income. sigh. everybody deserves a living wage! I dont know how restaurants get away with under paying.", "I don't know how they do either! It's so ingrained into the culture of the restaurant/service industry that everyone just sees it as an acceptable practice.", "craziness. and at the same time I hate people who refuse to tip on principle because it's like.. you're only hurting the server. why would you not tip? even if you don't agree with tipping? you know?", "Yep. You can be against tipping, but you should still acknowledge that tipping is the norm in the status quo (and necessary if you want your server to make a living wage.)", "absolutely. I don't know why as a society we don't value caring for one another more in that way you know? in my dream world none of us have to work for a wage; we can all just contribute what we are good at or willing to do and then have enough to eat and a safe place to live."], ["What have you been blogging about lately?", "Mainly vegan recipes and ingredients. Are you vegan?", "No, I am not. how long have you been a vegan for?", "I have been a vegetarian for 12 years, but a vegan for about 7.", "Did you find it tough to transition to being a vegan?", "At first becoming vegetarian was harder since I had always eaten meat and cheese. Becoming vegan kind of just happened naturally.", "That's good. I have thought about becoming a vegetarian but I think I might have a hard time giving up meat.", "You could always just try some vegetarian recipes without fully committing!", "Very true, do you post any vegetarian recipes on your blog? If so, I should check it out!", "I mainly have vegan recipes, but you can find lots of really good vegetarian recipes online.", "Okay, I will look into it and try making a couple a week to start. Have you made the transition to a full time blogger yet?", "No, I'm still singing to pay the bills. I'll be singing at a club downtown tonight. What are you doing tonight?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live with my parents near the beach.", "I ride horses. I have 7 horses. I love horses. my horse is clumsy. I have 12 sibblings.", "I want to move to Colorado. I am buying a house.", "I am fairly wealthy.", "I made an offer on a house and I am about to move in. My house is in Colorado. I'm not bringing them with me.", "I like hiking, climbing, and skiing on mountains."], "partner_persona": ["I like Mexican food.", "I have a dog named drunky.", "I own a subaru.", "I can touch my nose with my toes. I am tall.", "I have little knowledge about horses.", "I am not moving.", "I am not planning to move right now but might move some time in the future."], "current_conv": ["I finally closed on my house officially and will be moving in soon!", "That is so exciting! When is the official move in date?", "In a month's time. Although I'm a little worried, the owner's have been pretty up and down, so there's always a chance they could pull out! ", "Don't be worried! Just take it one step at a time and fix one issue at a time. Everything will come together. ", "True, that's a good attitude to take. Is your reason for not being interested in moving that you just like where you live?", "I don't like change, but eventually I am going to force myself to move! I think it is for the best!", "I understand. That's why I lived with my parents for ages. But that's good. Do you have any ideas where you might go?", "I don't have much of an idea where to go. I am worried to make the move! Do you have any suggestions? I was thinking something country side.", "Hmmm that'd be cool, I bet Drunky would love it. I've been so focused on Colorado I haven't really thought about other places. I'm biased but Colorado has beautiful countryside. Do you like outdoor activities?", "I do love outdoor activities and hiking. I wonder if I would like to move to Colorado too!", "Oh that'd be great. I don't know many people around there so it would be great to have a friend. We could hike together! Do you have any idea on a timeframe?", "Yes, I would love to go hiking with you! Maybe I can take a trip down in a few months to explore and see how I like the location. "], "history_conv": [["Looking to move soon, any tips?", "Colorado is nice! Why are you moving?", "From the beach with my parents to the country. Buying my own place!", "Well, I have to live close to a mexican restaurant!", "Smart! Want some land to ride my horses.", "How many do you have? I just have a dog named drunky.", "Seven horses. We had a bunch growing up. I have 12 siblings!", "Wow, that's a lot! I think I'll just stick to riding in my subaru!", "I bet drunky likes riding in the subaru!", "Yep! Do you have any talents? I can touch my nose with my toes!", "Cool and kinda weird! Love riding horses!", "You would have to picture how tall I am to fully appreciate it!", "Oh, i\u2019m very impressed for sure!", "Thanks! So, anything else you can tell me about yourself?"], ["I found a new house in a small rural Colorado town. I hope I get my offer accepted.", "Wow, congrats! I assume it has lots of room for riding?", "Yes! It has about 2 acres for riding I'm excited! How is your dog doing today?", "Pretty good, thanks for asking! We had a car ride a little while ago, so Drunky's super happy. Like a little kid!", "How did he get his name? It's so unique!", "Oh, haha, actually it's because he didn't walk so well as a puppy and looked like he was a little drunk all the time. He's still pretty floppy and clumsy, but he's just the sweetest thing. Love everybody. Not a very good guard dog, though :)", "Sounds so sweet! I have a horse I can't ride because he's so clumsy!", "I didn't know horses could be clumsy! Is that because it hasn't been trained yet? Do you have to teach them how to walk carefully?", "Yes and yes. He's still a little young, but learning slower than my other horses. I'll hook him up to my other horses to teach him to walk carefully. They all learn from each other.", "That's so interesting! Will it be hard to transport the horses to your new place? Sounds like it could be expensive.", "Yes it will be expensive, but I made sure to save a lot of money for it. I don't want them to be frightened!", "Good idea. Moving is expensive no matter what, but with horses I'm sure it's super complicated. I'm not moving anytime soon, but at least Drunky can fit in the car with me if we do!"], ["I have had my offer accepted on the house and am moving to close on it.", "That is so exciting. Is it your first house?", "Yes, actually! I'm finally moving out from my parents' place and am really looking forward to living by myself.", "That is a huge accomplishment in this day and age. Are you going to be able to take any of your horses?", "I'll be leaving them on my parents' property. Because they're already set up with a caretaker, I'm opting not to bring them. It'd be way too much work. I'll miss them though!", "Is the house in Colorado? You're going to be so far from your horses! That has to be hard", "Yep. The house is in Colorado. It'll be hard, but it was getting harder trying to live with my parents. They're so demanding and are set in their ways.", "I can understand that. It is so hard for people our age to get our own house. That is why I am so impressed by you! What do you have planned to do in Colorado?", "I'm going to try to visit the mountains as often as I can. Hiking, climbing, skiing - you name it, and I'll be doing it!", "Are there any other reasons for the move to Colorado? You know, anything plant based?", "Not really. I guess I'm just looking forward to the freedom most of all. How about you? Do you think about moving sometime in the future?", "I'm not sure. I like where I am now and drunky loves where we are, but it is always nice to have a change of scenery. I don't like being in one place for too long."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like painting indoors.", "I like cool music. I prefer making my own music.", "I don't want a supervisor. I live a simple life.", "I make rap songs.  I like anime. I have made rap songs about some anime based on the topic of food.", "I don't go on vacation very often."], "partner_persona": ["I love 21 Pilots.", "I cook at a restaurant. Mostly in the evenings and nights. Our other cook is sick. I have to take over during the days to. Overtime pay is nice. My supervisor is very demanding. Our  specialty  is Italian seafood.", "I like rock climbing, when I have time. I was too busy.", "My first job started in high school. I worked as a busboy in the restaurant. Over the years I  became a cook.", "I am hoping to go on a vacation soon. I am thinking of going to Colorado on my vacation so that I can do some rock climbing while I'm there.", "I've never watched anime.", "I love food and cooking.  I enjoy baking."], "current_conv": ["Did you make any progress with the plans for your upcoming vacation?", "Not really. I have been so busy with work lately because the restaurant is so busy! Which is great and all, but I don't want to spend my whole life working overtime.", "Hopefully when the other cook comes back you can use some of the overtime money on your rock climbing excursion! When you get home from work, what do you eat?", "It's kind of funny, being a cook. You'd think when I get home I cook myself some extravagant meal, but usually by the time I am home I don't feel like cooking anything. But! The bonus to the job is, I generally get to eat whatever I want at work, all day long. So, I don't have to spend as much money on food.", "Oh man, I would be 300lbs! ", "Not even a joke! I have to be really careful how much I eat while I am there, or I wont be climbing ANY rocks anytime soon! How's the whole music thing going? Make anything new lately?", "I've been painting more recently so haven't made much music. I'm hoping that I'll get some inspiration soon. What kind of music do you like to listen to? ", "I guess I would say I like a little of everything, but I do really like rock and 21 Pilots. I want to try to go to some concerts while I am in Colorado, too!", "Concert in Colorado would be great! Red Rocks? Maybe I'll make something for you to sample. If you wouldn't mind.", "Yeah, that would be cool. I'm always open to try new things. And yeah, Red Rocks! The Amphitheatre there looks absolutely amazing. I cannot wait to go.", "I'm excited to for you! And I'm glad you are keeping an open mind about my music. I, also, wouldn't mind hitting up your restaurant.", "I swear we have the best Italian seafood in the state. I will bet my entire reputation on that, if that's saying anything lol! And I've always loved your music, I'm just glad you still keep making stuff. I hope you find some more inspiration soon."], "history_conv": [["Hello there. Glad to meet you!", "Me too, I just finished rock climbing. I am pretty tired.", "Rock climbing sounds like a risky hobby. I like painting indoors.", "Do you like it with some cool music?", "I do, and I even prefer making music of my own. What about you?", "Do you know the 21 pilot band?", "I have never heard of them. Tell me more.", "Those are my coolest band ever. I love their music.", "What sort of work do you do?", "I am a cook in a restaurant.", "That can be a busy job. I'd rather not ever have a supervisor.", "You do not have to have one when you are at the top of the game.", "So true, though I live simply. Not struggling to the pinnacle of success..", "Do you like food like I do too?"], ["Did you go rock climbing again today?", "I wish I had time to. I was too busy at the restaurant. I may try this weekend though.", "that will be so nice! its finally spring so it's good to get outside when you can. do you have to work weekends at the restaurant?", "Mostly in the evenings and nights. The dinner crowd.", "that's not so bad but it does mean you must work a lot of nights. at least you can go climbing during the day!", "I know but our other cook is sick so I have to take over during the days to :(", "oh man that's horrible! you must be exhausted! do they at least pay you overtime?", "At least the pay is nice with over time. But the supervisor is very demanding and it can be hectic in the kitchen", "I bet. restaurant work is so demanding. how did you first get started cooking in restaurants?", "during high school my first job was working in a restaurant as a busboy and over the years I eventually became a cook.", "that's so cool! do you have a cuisine specialty?", "our specialty  is Italian seafood. What makes us different we do not do the typical Italian pasta meals. All traditional seafood from the coasts of Italy"], ["So do you plan to go on the vacation after such a busy period?", "Yes hopefully! Maybe I'll get a chance to go rock climbing. What type of music do you make?", "I usually make rap songs. I tend to base them off of my favorite anime series and other stuff I like.", "That's cool! I've never watched anime series before even though many people have been recommending them to me.", "There are lots of different types if you ever want to give them a shot some time. There are even some based on food and cooking. I can't say I've heard of any rock climbing anime, but there could very well be one out there.", "I didn't know there would be some based off on food and cooking, that's actually quite interesting since I love to cook, and even bake at times.", "Oh yeah, there are actually several based on that topic. Food Wars and Toriko are a couple of the bigger ones. I've made a few raps about them actually.", "That's great! So how do you get inspiration for your raps?", "There's so much inspiration you can get from a great anime series, but I like to incorporate other sources too. Sometimes I'll borrow ideas from other rap songs or some experience I've had in my life. Speaking of experiences, where are you planning to go for your vacation?", "I was thinking of a mountain area, so maybe somewhere in Colorado that way I might have the possibility of going rock climbing. Do you plan on going on vacation?", "Well I don't go on vacation too often. But it might be a good idea to give me some new ideas for my next song. I wonder where I should go. Maybe I'll have to give rock climbing a try.", "Yeah you never know maybe while your way up above the ground you'll get some inspiration for your next rap!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a blog. I like to travel abroad. I have a youtube channel.", "I am a wedding singer. I used to be a veterinarian.", "I am a vegan. I love all animals, especially chickens.", "I might try putting nutritional yeast in my chicken recipe next time. I find the majority of my recipes in 'Feasting at Home' and 'Love and Lemons'.", "I care about animal cruelty.", "I'm starting a blog on my channel about vegan recipes.", "I have a car. My wife has my car right now.", "I would like to supplement my income with the money from my YouTube channel. I only started watching YouTube a few years ago. The content on YouTube inspired me to start my own channel.", "I originally watched YouTube for DIY content. I now watch YouTube for all kinds of content."], "partner_persona": ["I am a denist.", "I live in the midwest.", "I have a twin sister who is a wedding planner.", "I love corn. I like to eat chicken.", "I am married. I snore.", "I am a vegan. I like meat substitutes. I like cooking vegan food. I am always trying new foods.", "I am a fan of epicurious.", "I care about the environment. I also care about animal cruelty and wellbeing.", "I don't know of too many vegan YouTube channels. I don't watch YouTube that much.", "My son watches people gaming on YouTube.", "I never thought to look up DIY content on YouTube. I plan to subscribe to the YouTube channel and watch vegan recipe videos."], "current_conv": ["My first video is up on my channel would you like to check it out?", "Yes, I would like to check it out! How long have you had the YouTube channel?", "Only for about four months, but I already have a over 5000 subscribers!", "Oh wow, that is incredible! I bet that the YouTube channel has been very helpful in your business' success! I am going to subscribe to your channel too!", "Thank you, I very much appreciate that you want to subscribe. It has been great so far. I am hoping to reach 1 million by the end of the year. I would be very interested to hear your opinion once you see some of the videos. ", "Well, I can certainly give you some feedback and I can help to spread the word, so you get more viewers if you would like,. ", "That's awesome, thank you. On another note, have you got any plans for the weekend?", "I do not have many plans. I am hoping to go out on a bike ride or a walk with my friend. How about you?", "I love going for walks so that is my plan too. Do you have any favourite places to go walking? I have few amazing parks nearby.", "I like to go to my local park too, they have a 3 mile loop with beautiful scenery along the train. ", "That sounds great. 3 miles is a great distance, probably one of my favourite ones for running. Do you enjoy running too or do you prefer to go on your bike?", "I like to go running, but I prefer my bike since I can cover a greater distance at once. "], "history_conv": [["Hey, want to check out my new blog?", "Sure, how would it interest a dentist?", "Well it's mostly about my travels abroad. Maybe you'd like it.", "I would maybe, I am in the midwest so any of that in your blog?", "Maybe check out my youtube then? I'm a wedding singer.", "My twin sister is a wedding planner, maybe she could meet you.", "I actually used to be a veterinarian, but I made so much I quite to travel internationally.", "Good for you, I am hoping to do the same from my dentistry.", "I also post vegan recipes on my blog. Are you vegan?", "Nearly, I love my corn.", "I'm a vegan because animals are cute, duh.", "Are they, but some are meant to be eaten, like chicken.", "No way, I love chickens. Animals are all great.", "Well if you think so. I snore so much my wife sleeps in another room."], ["I found a great new recipe for vegan fried \"chicken\" I think you would love.", "that sounds delicious. I like meat substitutions! they're good for the teth, too. tell me more about this recipe!", "So you substitute chicken for vegan chicken, regular wheat flour (for the batter) for potato flour, and the egg wash (to make the batter stick to the chicken) for vegan eggs. Oh, and instead of regular buttermilk, I used almond milk with a little vinegar.", "That sounds delicious! I wonder if putting nutritional yeast in would add flavor too. hve you ever tried that?", "I haven't tried that yet, but that sounds like a good idea! Maybe I'll try it out next time.", "I like cooking and i'm always trying new stuff. where do you find new vegan recipes?", "Feasting At Home and Love And Lemons are great vegan food recipe blogs. I find the majority of my recipes there.", "i'll have to check them out! i've always been a fan of epicurious", "Oh, that's a nice food blog too! Most food blogs have some sort of dedicated vegan recipe section.", "i'm so glad it's been catching on as a cuisine type wiht more people. it's so good for the environmetn!", "Definitely! It's also less cruel.", "amen to that. animals are so precious. I don't know why humans treat them with so low regard."], ["I am going to start blogging on my YouTube channel about vegan recipes! Would you like to hear some of my video ideas as a fellow vegan?!", "I would love to hear your video ideas. Please share them with me.", "I have them written down, but I just realized the my notebook is in my car and my wife has my car. Do you think that the Youtube channel would be popular?", "I think the Youtube channel would be very popular. I'm sure there aren't too many channels dedicated to that topic.", "Yeah, I would agree. I am hoping that it launches as I will be using the channel to supplement my income. Do you watch Youtube?", "I have watched Youtube before, but I do not watch it on a regular basis.", "I just started watching it a few years ago and I have been amazed at the content that is on Youtube. Thats why I had inspiration to start my own channel.", "Yes, I have heard that you can find almost any topic on Youtube. My son uses it to watch people gaming.", "I started watching Youtube for DIY content and then it just expanded from there. Now I watch all types of content.", "That's interesting. I never thought of using Youtube for DIY content. I'll have to remember that.", "Oh yes, you should check it out, Maybe when you're on Youtube, you can subscribe to my channel and keep and eye out for my videos?", "Yes, I will definitely subscribe to your channel and watch for your videos."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I try to eat healthy but  prefer pizza and burger.", "I work part-time  in a warehouse.", "I go on cruising on my free time.", "I have kids. My kids wanted pizza. My favourite pizza toppings are meat and extra onions. I love stuffed crust pizza, but I don't order it as I'm trying to watch my weight.", "I watch movies with my kids. I prefer comedy movies, but they're not appropriate for kids. Gremlins and Ghoulies gave me nightmares as a kid.", "I enjoy horror movies.", "I also enjoy pizza. I like chocolate bars. I like bourbon."], "partner_persona": ["I love pizza but I also love eating healthy. I love meat pizzas with sweetcorn and pineapple. I like beer. I like bourbon.", "I am a stay at home mom.", "I live in California.", "My metabolism is not what it used to be. My guilty pleasure is watching a movie with a takeaway. Me and the kids like to watch Disney movies. My kids favourite movie is Moana. I'd love to be able to watch horror movies.", "I'm not a fan of slasher type horror movies.", "I like comedy shows as well.", "I have been to the Buffalo Trace distillery."], "current_conv": ["Was the movie scary enough for you?  I hope you've recovered from the bourbon consumption.", "It certainly was. I am still having nightmares! lol. As for the bourbon consumption, I didn't have as nearly as much of it as I would have wanted to.", "there is never enough bourbon to quell the nightmares. Speaking of nightmares, I am recovering from injuring myself with pizza!", "Oh no, what happened to you? I hope you didn't cut yourself trying to slice it", "The kids distracted me and I guess I didn't get a bone out of the chicken and sliced my throat when I swallowed.", "You are joking right?! That really is a proper nightmare. Has that put you off from eating chicken in the future?", "No, I will still put chicken on the pizza, but my voice sounds like Freddy Kruger at the moment. ", "LOL. That must be pretty entertaining for the kids when they get their bedtime stories... NOT! ", "lol They are scared to death but are well behaved right now. It was almost worth it.\\", "That's so funny. Kind of like a happy accident. Now that you know that scary voices help with their behaviour you could use it going forward. I might have to try that with mine too.", "I highly recommend it, but without the injury. Are you sticking to pineapple on your pizza after hearing my story?", "Noted, thanks :) I think that I will be fine with chicken. I am one of those people who don't particularly enjoy pineapple on their pizza. I would rather have extra cheese lol"], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you like movies? I really do.", "Omgosh, I love movies!", "Nice, we have something in common. How do you feel about pizza?", "I love pizza. But I love cooking healthy mostly.", "Oh, I try, but can't resist pizza and good burgers sometimes...", "Lol just because I cook healthy doesnt mean I do not splurge haha.", "Good to hear. What do you do? I only work part time now.", "I am a mom so I mainly watch my kiddos all day at the moment lol.", "That's a busy job. Mine is at a warehouse, that's a busy place, too.", "Oh I am sure that is alot of work!", "Yeah, that's why I can only handle part time. I need time for cruising...lol.", "I love cruising. I am living in california right now, great place to cruise."], ["My kids really wanted pizza so I got to have a bit of a cheat day.", "Oh I love pizza too! That sounds like the best cheat day! What's your favourite toppings?", "Anything with meat! Pepperoni, sausage, ham... I love it all. And extra onions for my vegetable servings, of course. How about you? What do you like?", "I love meat pizzas too, chicken, ham and then sweetcorn and pineapple. Those are my favorites. Are you a stuffed crust lover or do you prefer without?", "Oh I LOVE it, but I insist we order it without because I don't have a metabolism like the kids do. I'd have to exercise more if I let myself eat that.", "Yes I completely agree, I'd love to be able to eat like the kids but my metabolism is not as fast as it used to be. My guilty pleasure is getting a takeaway whilst watching a really good movie with the kids.", "That sounds great. What kinds of movies do you watch together? Are they still into just kids' movies?", "Well we like to watch Disney movies really, the kids favorite is Moana. Do you watch a lot of movies with your kids on your rest days?", "Absolutely, though we have very different tastes. I prefer watching comedy movies that aren't really good for kids, so I rarely get to see what I want. I can't wait till they're older and I never have to see Frozen again!", "Haha that's hilarious, I completely understand that. The only way we got over watching Frozen was me introducing Moana to the kids! Now we've been stuck on Moana for a month or so. If only I got chance to watch movies on my own, I'd love to watch a couple of horror movies.", "Oh gosh yes. Can't let the kids see those. I'll never forgive my mom for letting me see Gremlins and Ghoulies as a kid. I had nightmares for weeks!", "I know, if only they were old enough! You see it was Jaws for me, my mother let me watch it after me complaining about not being able to watch, it and trust me I wish I never complained. I had to take showers instead of baths due to the fear of deep water. How stupid!"], ["I've just seen a great trailer for a horror movie on social media! If you can get some time away from the kids, do you want to go watch it with me?", "Absolutely, and since I'll be sneaking away for a bit, can we sneak in a pepperoni, sausage and meatball pizza?", "You read my mind! No kids, a grown-up movie and pizza. Does life get any better than that? lol!", "Maybe a little better with some cold beer to wash down the pizza and a blanket to hide under during the scary parts!  Do you need me to bring anything?", "If you'd like to throw a chocolate bar or two in your purse, that would be excellent. Do you have a preference on which of the horror movies that we see?", "I always have chocolate bars in my purse so not a problem.  Would prefer to avoid slasher type horror movies if possible.", "How about \"A Quiet Place 2?\" It's scary and if it's anything like the first one, it won't be gory at all. I can't promise that you won't have any nightmares later, though. lol!", "I've heard good things about \"A Quiet Place 2\"!  Sounds like a plan.  Afterwards, perhaps we can watch some good adult comedy to balance out the evening.  How about Horrible Bosses (the first one).", "That's an easy sale to me! Maybe we can be somewhat grown-up and actually have some trail mix or nuts or some kind of healthy snack as well. We're not getting any younger, right?", "Thumbs down on the healthy snacks.  Let's go for a hedonistic evening and have some cotton candy and bourbon!", "I'll bring the Woodford Reserve. I was looking for a reason to crack it open. Cotton candy and bourbon sounds amazing!", "Bingo.  I have some Blantons that I could bring if you don't want to dip into your stash.  I was at the Buffalo Trace distillery and they let me buy a case!!  Cha ching!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have an husband and we are trying for children.", "I am eating vegan and working out at the gym.", "My husband is a lawyer. I have a jeep wrangler my husband saved up for and bought.", "I live in L.A. I work as a yoga instructor. I practice yoga to relieve stress. I am teaching a beginner yoga class in two weeks.", "I drink wine occasionally. I stopped eating meat and animal products.", "I want a baby.", "I enjoyed playing baseball with the other speaker's son."], "partner_persona": ["I have a son and two daughters. I have a daughter in preschool.", "I find kids challenging but so rewarding.", "I have a farm and I work hard on it. I live on a farm. I work in the computer industry. I enjoy my work.", "I do not like yoga. I am learning yoga. I am joinging a beginner yoga class.", "I am thinking about switching to vegan.", "I am always busy. I have a job, farm and children.", "My farm business is going well. I love working on my farm.", "I am stressed out. I am signing up for a beginner yoga class that starts in two weeks."], "current_conv": ["My son has a baseball game tonight, would you like to join?", "I've got to tend o my farm tonight, but perhaps another time! Good luck to your son.", "farm? that sounds exciting! Where is the farm located?", "I have a farm business that I work on, on my property. It is a passion of mine.", "Wow, that must be fun. My son loves farm animals, especially feeding the chickens. What do you enjoy the most  working in the farm?", "That's so cute! I'm thinking about getting chickens. I enjoy the reward that comes after all the work. I've had a good season with tomatoes this year, so having lots of tomatoes is cool.", "Nice, what do you plan on doing with those tomatoes? If I were you, I would make some yummy tomato sauce. You must be lucky, you get to have all the  fresh organic produce. ", "That's a great idea, thank you! I haven't had tomato sauce in a while. It's nice to use produce from my farm. Do you have any local farms to buy produce from?", "No we actually don't, but sometimes on the weekends we have local street vendors sell fresh produce from local farmers", "Awesome! I often feel like they sell the freshest varieties. What's your favorite fresh produce?", "Cucumbers and avocados are delicious! I also love the fruits they sell like their apples are always sweeter. ", "I love all of those! Cucumbers are my favorite vegetable. I'm sure your son likes the sweet apples. Is he excited for his game tonight?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, tell me about yourself.", "Good wvwning. I just put my son and 2 daughters to bed..", "How nice, my husband and I are currently trying for children.", "I wish you the best. Kids are challenging but it's so rewarsing.", "I am sure it is, we started eating vegan and working hard at the gym.", "Wow. I'm working hard on my farm and I wish we had sogs..", "My husband works as a lawyer, he saved up to buy us a jeep wrangler.", "That s ecciting. I'm sorry for typing. I can't wait to go to work.", "What kind of work do you do on your farm, friend?", "I live on the farm. I actually work in the computer industry.", "Oh I see, how interesting. I live in la, working as a yoga instructor.", "I don't personally like yoga. I just really enjoy my work. Have a good night."], ["How is the work and how things were on the farm?", "Work is really good. The farm, however, is enjoyable but hard. How are you and your husband?", "Farming is a lot of work from what I've heard. You have to rise very early in the morning and do lots of grueling, physical labor. My husband and I are good. He's getting a lot of legal cases lately and I'm doing my yoga thing, so we're getting by well.", "Oh no! I hope that the added stress from work doesn't get in the way of your personal life too much. How is living in L.A. been for you?", "I do work very hard, but doing yoga itself relieves stress, which helps. I feel better now that I cut meats and animal products out of my diet, and I have the occasional glass of wine for physical and mental health. L.A. is great except for the insane traffic!", "I have been meaning to switch to a vegan diet but it is a big transition. Have you noticed that your health improved once you cut out meat and dairy out of your diet? I've heard that a vegan diet improves the odds of getting pregnant.", "I noticed that my body felt cleaner and my mind was sharper a couple of weeks after the transition. I didn't know that being vegan would help me to conceive. I really want a kid badly!", "I really hope that it happens for you. Maintaining good health will definitely help. I had my kids during a time when I would be going to the gym everyday.", "Thank you. How are your son and daughters doing?", "They are good! The little one is going to start preschool next week so here's hoping that she likes it. They really did enjoy seeing you at our anniversary party.", "I'm sure you're excited to see the little tyke start school. I loved seeing your kids, too. It was really fun throwing the baseball with your son.", "They like to call you Aunt Sarah and have been asking if they could go visit you since you've mentioned that you have a pool in your house."], ["It's been a little while! Are you ready for your little one to be in preschool! It's amazing how the time flies! One minute they are born and the next minute they are starting school. How is the farm doing?", "I'm not ready at all. She grew up too fast! The farm is doing well. The animals are healthy and the crops are growing quite fast!", "Between the children, the farm and your job, how do you ever find time for yourself?", "I don't actually. And it's a little worrying. It's bad I don't have any me time right?", "Maybe you should think again about taking up yoga!  It does help reduce stress.  How is the job going?", "I know they say it reduces stress, but not being able to do some of the poses makes me more stressed. Business is really good, problem is I am making enough money on the farm to quit, but I really like the job. Not sure what to do", "I guess you will have to decide if it's worth the extra time if you really don't need the money.  Or maybe hire more help on the farm?", "But I love the farm work too. Hmm maybe I need to think about this. You really think yoga helps? Do you have any room in your classes?", "Sure, I can fit you in to one of the beginner classes.  You should find that a lot easier to adapt to.  And yes it definitely helps!", "Ok, sign me up! When is the next beginner class?", "I have one that starts in 2 weeks!  I'll reserve a spot for you!", "Fantastic. I will be there. I'll commit to a few classes because I am pretty sure my stress won't go away after one class"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to eat meat.", "I like to listen to hard rock like Black Sabbath.", "I am too busy at work to take up outdoor hobbies. I recently watched a rock climbing documentary. I wish I had more time to get an outdoor hobby.", "My job is physically demanding. When I'm not working, I like to relax and not be active.", "Italian food is one of my favourites. I have never been to Italy.", "I would like to go out to eat.I know of a Brazilian BBQ restaurant that opened up recently.", "I like picanha steaks. I know a lot about Picanha steak. I like the flow of what I wrote.", "I like to drink wine."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a Italian restaurant. Sometimes I have to work the night shift. I do not enjoy doing the night shift. My restaurant serves all sort of meat dishes.", "I think one needs to work hard when they are young to build their career.", "I like rock climbing in my spare time. I'm not a professional.", "I have been to Italy. I got to eat lots of the local food.", "I own a restaurant. I'd love to go eat but I don't have any ideas in mind.", "I want a temporary escape from Italian food. I like spicy food. I try to eat healthy but end up snacking on junk."], "current_conv": ["You've inspired me to take a trip to Italy. I just booked my flight a couple of hours ago!", "That's amazing! When do you leave for Italy? I wish I had your sense of spontaneity! ", "I leave a week from Wednesday!  I can't believe I am actually doing this.  I am usually so content to be at home, but I just thought \"what the heck!\"", "Hey, you only live once I guess! Which cities will you be checking out while you're there?", "My flight goes to Rome so I know I will spend some time there, but I also have my sites set on Florence.  Anyplace you would recommend?", "See as much of Tuscany as you can! My view is obviously slanted by my background in food, but Tuscany is the culinary capital! Are you into wines at all?", "I have a feeling that Italy is going to convert me to being a wine connoisseur!  I will add Tuscany.  That reminds me of a song called \"The Count of Tuscany\" by Dream Theater that is about an experience one of the band members had there!", "Oh wow! Well now you have two reasons to visit haha. I'd also suggest seeing Piedmont if you want to explore the wine scene. You can also see Turin and Milan if you go up there.", "I may need to book another week...in fact, maybe you will be visiting ME the next time you go to Italy.  J/K  But I haven't been this excited since the Sabbath reunion.  LOL  ", "Haha wouldn't it be something if they were performing there, too! But lol, I'd love to get back over there. We'll have to go over your plans in detail when we meet at the Brazilian place.", "Oh yes, first things first.  I am really excited about the restaurant too!  All the reviews have been great.  Have you looked at the menu yet?", "Yeah! It looks like they've got a huge variety of things. They do it round-robin style, so we'll get to try whatever we want!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I only have a little time as I have to get to work again!", "Awww, I wil have to work night shift in my restaurant today.", "Work requires so much dedication! Especially when you're 26..", "Thats is the time to build a career. Do you like any outdoors?", "No I'm always too busy working to think about the outdoors, do you?", "Of course, you will always see me climbing the rock when I am free..", "Fun! Does your restaurant serve any meat?", "Definitely, we serve all meat you can ever think of.", "Yum! I iove meat! I could eat it all the time. I'm like a t-rex.", "I hope you work out your calories too?", "Absolutely! While I listen to black sabbath of course!", "What is your favorite work out style?."], ["I was watching that rock climbing documentary you recommended. It was amazing how those guys can do gravity defying moves. Are you as good as these guys?", "Haha I wish!! I love rock climbing but I'm not a pro like those guys - they make it look so easy", "I sometimes wish I had the time to get outside and take up a hobby.", "You should try and make some time to get outside it's so good just for your mental health", "I know it is. It's just any time I have when not working I just want to not be moving around. my job is pretty physically demanding.", "I can understand that,  it's so hard to balance full time work with trying to have an actual life outside of it!", "what restaurant do you work at?", "It's a local Italian place, the food is amazing, lots of pizza and pasta but all home made", "that sounds really good. italian is one of my favorites", "Yeah Italian food is awesome - have you ever been to Italy?", "i have not. have you been?", "Yes I've been lucky enough to go and I got to sample a lot of the dishes there that my restaurant sells now, especially lots of the meat dishes!"], ["All that talk about Italian food and your restaurant, I think its time for you to take a night off from the cooking and go grab some food! You want to catch a bite with me in the next few days?", "I would love that! Do you have anywhere in mind?", "Yeah. There's a great Brazilian BBQ restaurant that opened up a few months back and people are raving about their meats. Interested?", "Haha you are all about those meats! I am very interested. It will be nice to get away from Italian...briefly. :)", "Oh I know you'll be back in it in less than a day. But the picanha steaks has been calling my name for the past month. How about we meet tomorrow after work?", "Ooo what is that. Tell me it is spicy! Tomorrow is perfect; I will ask someone to cover me", "Picanha is a sirloin cut that has a nice fat cap on top. It's usually slowly roasted so that the fat can render and the meat becomes tender. Wow I think I'm writing poetry", "That IS poetry. I am drooling over here!", "Now I'm getting hungry too. Arg, why did I do this to myself? I'm trying not to snack but I just made it really difficult not to start munching on something...", "Hahaha I always start munching on celery, but before long it is drowning in peanut butter and probably more calories than a bag of Doritos! Haha it will be great to check out this place with a fellow food lover.", "Oh you'll love it. We'll have to get some wine too, to wash it all down. Otherwise we'll be stuffed too early!", "Yes, I am guessing it would pair well with a nice red?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a Chicago Bears fan.", "I left home soon after I graduated high school.", "I have not been camping.", "I have been to Disney world once.", " Money is tight right now due to moving house soon.", "I m moving next month to New York. I have found a job at a financial company I'm excited about. I am subletting my friends apartment.", "I have a new job. Today was my first day. It's an entry level position.", "I will wear vintage Lawrence Taylor jersey, if it gets me a free ticket to the game."], "partner_persona": ["I recently graduated high school. I graduated high school early. I plan on moving out of my current home.", "I plan to travel across the U.S.", "I am from a small town. I do not like my hometown. I do not plan on returning to my hometown once I leave.", "I plan on going camping.", "I love visiting Disney World. I am planning to go to Disney world as a graduation gift this summer. I have been to Disney world numerous times as a child. I have never been to Disney world witout my parents. I have been saving up really hard for my trip. I love eating at different places.", "I like my space to be clean.", "I know a managing director at Goldman.", "I am a Yankees fan in baseball and a Giants football fan. My father and grandfather were fans of both teams. I have season tickets that have been passed down for generations."], "current_conv": ["So do you know some interesting places in NY, which are worth visiting?", "There are a million places that are worth visiting. Have you ever seen he Statue of Liberty?", "No, and I want to do that, and go to the Met, but I'm trying to come up with some more out of the way destinations.", "I'm not sure about out of the way, but I think you should see Central Park. It's amazing and there are places that make you feel thousands of miles from the city.", "Thank you. I just figured since I'm going to be living in NYC, I need to start feeling like it's my home.", "I'll tell you what, when you want, I'll take you to a Yankees game and we'll sit in my dad's seats. Then we'll get some pizza.", "That would be great!  I may have a hard time getting used to NYC pizza though.  I'm so used to Chicago Style pizza!  It'll be like culture shock! ", "Thin crust for the win! I can't even eat Deep dish pizza. One slice weighs about 20 pounds!", "Well, I guess we get used to what we grew up with.  How soon will you be leaving for Disney World?", "I'm taking off on Friday. We're going to be there for the 4th of July. Supposedly the fireworks are going to be awesome.", "I'm sure they will be. WIll you be going to the Epcot center?", "I haven't made any definite plans yet. I know that I'm going to Universal for a day but other than that, we're just going to play it by ear."], "history_conv": [["Hi! What are you up to today?", "Packing my things. I graduated high school early and am gonna leave home.", "Congratulations! I'm actually moving next month!", "Maybe we'll bump heads then. I'm gonna venture cross the usa.", "I'm moving to ny. I hope they don't mind chicago bears fans!", "I might like nyc. My hometown is a tiny little place I'm tired of.", "I understand. I left home right after high school too!", "I might send my parents a post card from nyc, but I won't be returning ever.", "Did you have a falling out with your parents?", "Nope. Just this tiny town. Gonna sleep under the stars.", "That sounds amazing. My family used to camp before I was born.", "Camping or big city life, anywhere but here is my destination."], ["What's a place you're very excited to visit once you leave home?", "I love going to Disney World! My friends and I have planned a trip for this summer as a graduation gift to ourselves. Have you ever been?", "Oh yeah I've been once, I absolutely loved it! Do you go often?", "My parents would take me and my brother every other year growing up. We would always drive and I loved seeing other cities and states along the way. This summer will be the first time I go without them so I am a little nervous but excited!", "Oh that is so exciting, it's always different experiencing things with your friends instead of your family! Did you have to save up a lot to go", "Yeah, for the past year I have been saving half of my check from working to put towards the trip. Some times it was more difficult than other times. But I wanted to be able to do everything without worrying once I'm there. I love being able to eat at all the different restaurants, especially in Epcot! You should plan a trip there too!", "Well done, you'll really enjoy it when you're there because you've worked so hard! I don't think it's in the budget for me at the minute unfortunately since I'm moving next month!", "Yeah, I can understand that. Maybe once you get settled in you can start planning something like that. How exciting moving to New York though! Have you found a job there yet?", "I know - I'm so excited! Yeah I've managed to get a job secured thank god working in a financial company doing a role similar to what I do now. I'm so excited for the change", "That's awesome! Moving on up! And getting locked into anything in the financial world in New York is pretty good job security! Is it true about how hard it is to find a nice place to live? Like, are the apartments really small for the price?", "Oh God it's been an absolutely nightmare, luckily a friend of mine needed to sublet their apartment so I've been able to take that over for a few months while they go travelling! Honestly, some of the apartments I saw were disgusting", "Oh nice! Good timing for you with that friend!  I'd tell them to take all the time they need! Haha! Oh gross! Yeah, I need something that is at least clean and I don't have to worry about something crawling on me when I sleep!"], ["So, I just had my first day at my new job! I was super nervous, but everyone was friendly and made me feel welcome. The office is super cool too.", "That's great, what will your role be, and more importantly, is there room for advancement?", "It's an entry level position, but there's lot's of room for advancement.", "You might have to switch allegiances to become a NY Giant fan if you want to get in good with your boss!  I actually know a managing director at Goldman that I can connect you with after you have established yourself.", "Yeah.  The Giant's might be a better team to be rooting for.  It would be great if you could connect me the managing director that you know.  Are you a sports fan?", "For sure, I am a Yankees fan in baseball and a Giants football fan.  My father and grandfather were fans of both teams so I guess they were passed down to me.", "Maybe we could go to a Giants game together some time.", "I can set that up, but you will have to root for the Giants.  I have season tickets that have been passed down for generations and we get all geared up to go to games.  Would you be up to wearing a vintage Lawrence Taylor jersey?", "Sure, if it gets me a free ticket to the game!", "Would you be willing to pick up some booze for the tailgate party?  My fake ID doesn't always work.", "I won't be able to unless I can find someone at work who's willing to buy some for me.", "No worries, we can pregame at home and bring a couple of flasks."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own a smart car. I really like my car.", "I used to have a long commute and live in Alaska.", "I have blue eyes and blonde hair.", "I want to retire one day down South on a beach.", "My family came from the North. I prefer the warmth.", "I like eggs. My favourite egg dish is eggs benedict. I know how to make poached eggs.", "I live in Alaska and I love it here. I go hiking in the summer.", "Kayak and Priceline are good flight websites that I like.", "It's warm where I live. There are elk and wolves where I live. The music scene is great in my town.", "There is a folk and indie rock scene in my area."], "partner_persona": ["I do not drive much. I have a short commute. My father used to have a truck.", "I live on the 32nd floor.", "I am a plumber and I am balding and overweight.", "I think there is nothing better than warm days and cool mornings except maybe a poached egg. I could eat eggs by the truckload.", "I've been thinking of getting a smart car.", "I've always thought about visiting Alaska. I would have to get some black out curtains to deal with the daylight in Alaska. I would love to go to Alaska and see the wildlife. I would like to visit some glaciers.", "I'm going to check on some flight deals. I don't like the extra charges involved with flying. I am able to work around my schedule to get a good flight for a good price. I'll be going out of town in a couple of weeks.", "I plan on seeing wildlife and going on guided tours. I woiuld like to see real elk and wolves."], "current_conv": ["I just told everyone you're coming, they're so excited!", "Well I guess the decision is made. I better get a ticket. Lets go to a concert while I'm there.", "Sure thing! We can cram into my smart cart and I will make you poached eggs every morning for breakfast. We will have a balst!", "That sounds as fun as it will be to finally get to pet a wolf. Maybe we could do eggs just one day?", "Haha. Eggs only day is fine! I will take you on a tour and we can take sleds pulled by our dogs.", "That sounds amazing. i'll check priceline tonight. ", "Do you want to go to folk or indie concert or both? I will get our tickets ready.", "I think a folk concert. I'm more excited about seeing the outdoors. I definitely want to go on a glacier tour", "We will do all the guided tours in the daytime and folk concerts at night. I am going to make sure you have a great time.", "Well I planned on coming in the summer. I know its going to be a blast. Is there any sun in the summer at all?", "Yes, its nice and green in the summer. How do you feel about going whale watching? That a must for most who visit.", "You can't pet a whale but I guess that sounds fun. Where is the wolf petting zoo?"], "history_conv": [["Hey. Just got back from a drive in my smart car.", "Neat. I don't drive much because I have a short commute.", "That's good. Mine use to be long. I use to be in alaska.", "I say short, but I live on the 32nd floor. So, high commute in a way.", "Ahhh gotcha. What do you look like. I have blue eyes and blonde hair.", "I am just an stereotypical old plumber. Balding, overweight...", "Plumbers bum. I see. While one day I'm going to retire down south on a beach.", "Ah, beautiful sunsets in the summer, I bet.", "Yes. Especially since my family came from the north. I prefer the warmth.", "Warm days, cool mornings. Nothing better. Other than maybe adding a poached egg.", "Yeah I like eggs. They're very tasty.", "I could eat them by the truckload! If my father still had his truck.", "Lol. Yeah that would help.", "Now I am hungry. Anything you prefer?"], ["I totally aggree! My favorite egg dish is egg bennedict.", "I know what you mean. I think I might whip some up for dinner! How is your smart car? I've thought about getting one.", "I really like my smart car! It's all-electric, super quiet, and can park itself! I think you should seriously consider getting one.", "I think I'll look into them. How is Alaska? I've always thought about visiting there.", "Alaska is very beautiful, and the weather is great, at least in the summertime. Sometimes there are cheap flights to anchorage--maybe you could consider those.", "I will check them out! How does the daylight effect you during the summer? Isn't it light all night as well?", "Yeah, there's a phenomenon known as \"midnight sun\", where it's still light out at midnight. If you live far up north enough, there will be a three-month stretch of the year where the sun does not set at all!", "Wow, that would be intense! I would probably have to get some black out curtains if I lived there!", "Yep, that's a must-have in many parts of the state, for sure.", "I have heard that the scenery is crazy! I would love to see the wildlife.", "The scenery is amazing. Go on some hikes, especially during the summer, and you'll get to see a bunch of wildlife.", "I'm sure there are a ton of hikes. I would love to visit some glaciers as well."], ["I just had eggs for breakfast and immediately thought of you! Have you looked into getting a flight here any further? I think there's some great deals at the moment.", "Oh really? I'll have to look into those flights! How's the weather there these days? I want to make sure I won't be stuck inside all week because of a blizzard!", "It's actually pretty warm these days! High of 57 yesterday. Have you checked online for any cheap flights?", "I will check online now. What website do you usually use to find these cheap flights?", "I like Kayak and Priceline! You probably won't be able to have a carry on bag though. Not without paying waaay more.", "It's a real bummer that they keep finding ways to charge customers for what used to be standard fare. What's next? Charging passengers for water and bathroom use?", "I can actually see them adding a credit card slot in the bathroom door. Don't think about all that too much! We will make sure the trip is worthwhile. Poached eggs galore!", "Yes! Happy thoughts. And what kind of wildlife can I expect to see? Are there any guided tours?", "Oh, yes tons of both! The elk and the wolves are magical. I will look for some tours. We have a great music scene too!", "Oh that sounds amazing. I would love to see elk and wolves. And what kind of music? Are you talking about festivals?", "A lot of folk and indie rock! I am talking about dingy dive bars with the best music you've ever heard and sticky floors.", "Wow, sign me up! Actually I think I found some flights that work for my schedule and price. Thanks so much for the heads up - looks like I'll be seeing you in a couple weeks."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I moved into a new apartment last month. I dont like my new apartment. I find my current apartment dirty. I live alone. I don't have any roommates. I am ready to move out in 30 days. The one for $1200 sounds good to me. I need help with apartments.", "I work as a tax accountant. I have a good job. I am good in tax related issues.", "I don't have a new place. I have no pets. I am allergic to cats. I like friendly dogs."], "partner_persona": ["I manage my rental properties. I might be able to help you with the apartment situation. I look after my rental properties well. They are in good shape.", "I rent out duplexes and townhouses in the $1200 to $2100 range.", "I have a daughter. She lives in one of my rental units. I would have to relocate her. My daughter is single.", "My daughter is opening a gourmet coffee and tea cafe.", "My daughter currently lives with me. My daughter is moving out.", "My daughter is 22. I live far from her cafe.", "My daughter is allergic to cats. My daughter has a dog."], "current_conv": ["This new apartment is a disaster!", "Well you're moving anyway. I've seen some places that I think will be perfect for you.", "I think there is still cat hair in the carpets here! I am sneezing and wheezing. Is there one open nest to your daughter?", "Well I'm not sure where she is going yet, but shes kind of annoying, you wouldn't want that. Her coffee tastes like crap too. I'm glad I don't live to that place", "I was thinking she would make a great roommate as we have the same allergies and she has a dog I could pet. But any property will beat this one!", "But you like friendly dogs. That dog bites me at least once a day. There is a whole in all my clothes and don't make me tell you about the blood stains.", "Oh, That is terrible. Not a friendly dog at all.  Why doesn't she get it trained or put a muzzle on it?", "I've suggested a muzzle but it was for her. I would rather get bit by the dog than listen to her talk about coffee any more. Thats why my properties are so clean. I never want to come home", "I don't think I would want to come home, either. Maybe this apartment will be ok if I just get the carpets shampooed a few times.", "hahahaha. I kid. I only used a muzzle on her when she was a chuld", "haha. Maybe that is why the dog bites you every day. Karma lol", "touche. maybe I'll try putting up with her storiesuntil she goes"], "history_conv": [["I don't like this new apartment I moved into last month. Hi how are you?", "Busy taking care of my rental properties. Sounds like I could help you out then.", "Yeah that would be nice if they're not dirty like this one.", "Of course not. I take care of them myself and they are quite nice.", "I'm a tax accountant. I have a good job but I can't find a decent apartment.", "I can help you out. I only rent out duplexes and town houses for about $1200-2100.", "Maybe the one for $1200 if it's a nice place. I live alone, no roommates, nothing.", "That's great! Are you currently in a lease?", "Not anymore. I can just give 30 days notice and I'm out of here for good.", "I'll just have to move my daughter out of the unit first.", "No rush. I have at least 30 days but I am ready when you are.", "Would you want to live with her? She's single..."], ["I have been thinking, since you are helping me with my apartment situation, I could reciprocate by offering my help in any tax related issues you might have in your rental properties business. I am a wizard at finding ways to save on taxes.", "That sounds great! When would you like to check out the apartment?", "Are you free this weekend?", "I am helping out my daughter with something this weekend. How does Monday evening work for you?", "What are you helping her with?", "She and her friend are planning to open a cafe in downtown and we are going to be visiting various locations to assess the traffic in different neighborhoods before finalizing", "Oh wow, I didn't know that! What kind of cafe? Where downtown?", "Oh well! Me neither lol. Halfway thru college she decides medicine is not for her and she wants to start a business pursuing her passion which is gourmet coffee and tea", "Well I can understand how you'd want her to finish her medical degree first, but I bet she's successful. Do you need any help moving her?", "Not right away but now that I think of it, she might benefit from your expertise in the tax department!", "Well feel free to pass on my information and I will help her out!", "All right then... we\u2019ll see ya Monday!"], ["How is it going the place search for your daughter's cafe?", "It is going good, she found a place that she likes. She should have things up and going within a month or so. Do you have your stuff packed to move out or did you even unpack?", "I did unpack when I moved in but I haven't packed up.  I'm not going to do that until I know when and where I'm going.  Is she still going to move out of your unit or does the offer still stand to live with her?", "She is going to move out and find a place that is closer to the cafe. So you will have the unit all to yourself. She should be out soon and you will be all set to move in next month.", "Okay, I am used to living alone, although having a roommate might be a nice change of pace.  How old is your daughter?", "I can always see if she wants to stay in the unit with you. I don't think the commute would be that far just about 30 min. If she does want to stay then that would bring down the rent some. She is 22 years old. Will you be getting any pets or anything in the future?", "No, I won't be getting any pets.  I am allergic to cat fur.  Does your daughter have cats?", "Okay. My daughter does not have a cat because she is allergic as well. She does have a dog though. Its a beagle, she is a very sweet dog and loves people.", "Hmm, okay, well I should probably meet the beagle when we visit the apartment.  I am a little apprehensive about dogs, but if it's friendly then that might be okay.", "Yes, of course you will meet the dog first. If it happens to not work out with you and the dog. My daughter said she would move and you could have the apartment to yourself.", "Okay, that sounds like a good deal.  We're still meeting to see the unit tonight, aren't we?  We agreed on Monday evening, I think.", "Yes tonight sounds great. What time do you get off work? Maybe we can meet at the restaurant close by and get dinner then check the apartment out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Bill O'sullivan.", "I watch baseball on TV. I watch baseball with my Dad.", "I own a truck. I'm a seaman.", "I like to eat lasagna and New England clam chowder at the same time.", "I have a dog. I have a wife.", "I have no fear of water.", "I have seen farms when travelling.", "I am currently located near the water. I have a pontoon boat.  I can swim.", "I know how to fish.  I practice catch and release fishing."], "partner_persona": ["I own a tractor.", "I own a truck. I own a living by growing beans and corn on my farm. I plan on farming my whole life. I live on a farm. Last summer I experienced drought. My Dad helps me.", "I live near my father. I'm not married. My Dad and I are close. I spend quality time with my family.", "I don't like being on the water. I am not a strong swimmer.", "I am scared of fast boats.", "I like eating fish. I am scared of the water. I prefer to live away from the water."], "current_conv": ["So, you think I will be able to get you out on the boat soon?  I promise to go slow and have a lifejacket for you!", "I'm not sure about that. I'm really not a big fan of water, you know. Maybe if the water is really, really calm?", "Yeah, the water will be calm. Don't be afraid, it is a great experience and will help you get over your fear of water.", "I guess I could go. When works for you? Hey, can we maybe fish while we're out? I've always been interested in fishing.", "Yeah, I can certainly teach you how to fish! Maybe we can start with fishing that way you can get more comfortable being around the water. ", "Okay, you've got a deal. I'll go on the boat with a life jacket and you'll show me how to fish. Maybe we can catch dinner?", "Yeah, that sounds like a plan to me. Does the weekend work for you?", "I've got plans Saturday but Sunday afternoon should be good. ", "Sunday works good for me too! I can pick you up around 1pm?", "I'll be ready to go then. Is there anything else I should bring along?", "I can bring the fishing poles and the bait. Maybe you can bring a few drinks or snack?", "Sure, that works. I'll pack up a few sodas and some munchies. I could bring Goldfish crackers, haha. I love those things."], "history_conv": [["Hello there my name is bill o'sullivan.", "Hey bill! What's up?", "O not much just watching baseball with the old lady, you?", "Just relaxing, was out on the tractor early today..", "Is that your every day vehicle?.", "Nope, that would be my truck but I make my living off my corn and bean farm.", "I own a truck too! But I'm no farm hand. I am a man of the sea.", "Nice, I've never been one for water myself. What do you like to do for fun?", "Eat lasagna and new england clam chowder at the same time..", "Sounds pretty good actually...so you've got any family?", "The old lady and one good dog, what about you? Any in-laws?", "No in-laws, only family close is my father, he's a preacher so always at church.", "You ever gonna leave the farm someday?", "Probably not, I love farming, couldn't see myself doing anything else."], ["Is there any reason in particular you don't get out on the water much?", "I don't really like it, i've never been a strong swimmer so I'm always worried about being out there alone", "I can certainly understand that. I grew up on the water so I never had a big fear of it. How is it living on a farm? It seems like it would be such hard work.", "I love living on a farm, I don't like water but I love the rest of nature! Watching crops grow is so amazing", "I know I've always enjoyed driving through and seeing farms when we travel. Are there many types of beans and corn you grow?", "I grow quite a range of them, you always need to have backup in case they fail as well. Last summer we had a terrible drought and it stopped any of the crops growing. Luckily this year we've had plenty of rain!", "That's a relief to hear. Does your dad help out on your farm?", "He does from time to time, he's not a farmer but he's pretty handy when I need an extra set of hands!", "That sounds so helpful. I don't live near my parents anymore. Just my wife, myself, and our dog.", "I love living near my dad, we're really close so I just like to hang out with him. Are you close to your parents?", "I am when we get to see them! I love watching baseball with my dad", "Nothing beats quality time with family when you all get on!"], ["Are you experiencing good growing conditions this year?", "so far so good! with all the rain we've had, we've had a nice surplus. making up for the losses we had last season, so it's been much smoother sailing.  have you had a chance to get out on the water this last week?", "I did. We went out on the lake this weekend. Any way I can convince you to start liking water???", "oh man, that is a tough one. perhaps i could start with a dipping my feet in a small pond! haha. i feel like i am best for everyone just watching from the shores. what are your favorite lake activities?", "We have a pontoon boat, so it's just a relaxing slow ride. We swim and play around. You can do it. Just wear a life jacket.", "i think with a cheerleader like you, i just may be convinced. slow and relaxing does sound ok. it's those fast and crazy things i see that that scare me! you catch any fish?", "We fish some. I never keep any. I usually throw them back in. I did catch one with some big teeth last week.", "i always liked eating fish, since we don't get to eat it very often out here on the farm. big teeth though - see i knew the water was scary! what kind of fish was it?", "The fish was a muskie. Have you ever seen one?", "no i have not, you will have to show me a picture!", "I will email you a picture. They are pretty intimidating... especially when you get them out of the water on a hook.", "i can't wait! yes that does sound scary. big teeth fish. so glad i don't live on the water!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite activities is planning cruises.", "I can swim.", "I like debate club.", "One of my favorite foods is pizza.", "I planned a cruise today. My cruise will be in the Caribbean. I am not afraid of water. I love adventure and travelling. I signed up for several trips out to snorke.", "I had my first day in my new job computer programming.  I was really nervous for my first day.", "I wait for the cruise in order to eat a lot of pizzaburgers."], "partner_persona": ["I love punk music. I love cruising in my car.", "I work as a shipping clerk. here's not much competition in my workplace.", "I cannot swim. I love swimming movies. I'm afraid of water.", "My favorite food is pizzaburgers.", "I am interested in renting a vehicle."], "current_conv": ["So maybe you overthought and someday you will learn how to swim?", "Maybe you could teach me. Have you ever been to the carribean before?", "I could teach you! and the Carribean is my next trip. It might help if we put on some punk music before we get in the pool.", "Before during and after! I won't debate you on that. How are you liking this new job? I've always wanted to learn programming.", "It is a bit tedious and repetitive, but rewarding when the job is complete. Swimming helps me relax because it is a bit stressful at times.", "I can imagine. I eat pizzaburgers when Im stressed and I'm stressed a lot. Thats Why I'm thinking I cou;ld learn how to swim now. I'm pretty buoyant if you know what I mean", "haha. Bouyant is a good thing. It will help you float on your back. How about I teach you programming too? For ever hour in water, and hour of training for progrramming?", "And punk music!!! I've always wanteed to eat a pizza burger in a pool\\", "Pizzaburgers, Punk music Programming and some swim time! Its a deal.", "apt-get https://github.com etc. Oh ive been practicing programming already. I was typing in the wrong window", "Oh, then we wouldn't have to start from scratch. Do you want to plan to meet up next weekend?", "Lets do that! Punk rock and pizza burgers"], "history_conv": [["Hi. How are you tonight?", "Great, how are you feeling tonight.", "Great. Just planning my next cruise. It is my favorite thing to do.", "I love to cruise in my car while listening to punk music.", "Thats great! Yesterday, I was able to get a new job doing computer programming.", "Awesome, I am shipping clerk at warehouse 15 hours a week.", "Thats good. Can you swim? I learned how when I was only 5 years old.", "No I do not swim but love watching swimming movies.", "Me too. My favorite club in school was the debate club..", "Awesome, I just ate a pizzaburger which is my favorite food.", "Pizza is one of my favorites too. I had cube steak and gravy for dinner.", "That sounds delicious. What did you have for dessert."], ["I finished planning my cruise today. It is officially ready to go.", "That is awesome  Where will the cruise be porting?", "in the Caribbeans. I'm pretty excited to go.", "That does sound fun!  I have always been a bit afraid of cruises because I can't swim.  Are you at all nervous when you go on a cruise?", "I've never been nervous. the boat is pretty big and you could just stay away from the edge if you are afraid of falling over.", "That's a good point.  What do you enjoy most on cruises?  I have always heard the food is amazing.", "the food is pretty good. they have big buffets. but just the adventure and travel is exciting and so much fun.", "Do you have an excursion/adventure planned for this cruise?", "we will do some snorkeling and stuff when we get to our destination.", "If someone can't swim, what other kinds of excursions/adventures would you recommend when at the destination?", "you can go hiking and explore the local area. they have some pretty cool waterfalls.", "That does sound really cool!  Are there car rentals available usually for explorting the area?"], ["I just had my first day in my new job computer programming! I was really nervous for my first day, but everyone was welcoming! Plus, there's a pizza place around the corner. Score!", "Does the place sell pizzaburgers? That would be the real score.", "THAT is a good question, my friend. I will have to go just to find out!", "Haha but in all seriousness, I'm glad your first day went well. A welcoming environment makes a world of a difference.", "It really can, and my fellow computer people can be pretty standoffish. Such a competitive industry, you know. Glad they seem to have a loving workplace cultre.", "I know what you mean. There's not much competition in my workplace, and honestly it's something I've come to appreciate more and more. Anyway, how's the snorkeling trip planning coming along?", "Coming along swimmingly ;) I signed up for several trips out to snorkel!", "Ha! Well said. I imagine you'll be seeing a lot of tropical fish. Don't get so mesmerized that thecruise ship leaves you behind!", "Hahaha that is a very valid point! Ya know the best part of cruises? You really can have them make you WHATEVER you want. MY TUMMY IS READY FOR PIZZABURGERS FOR DAAAYS!", "Stop that teasing or I will have to get over my fear of water just to get on that cruise ship with you.", "Maybe it is just the thing to get you over your fear! We were talking about similar at work today: how immersion is the cure for many fears.", "Where does one learn how to swim? At a local pool I suppose..?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have two puppies and a cat. I am training my puppies.", "I go to community college and want to become a nurse.", "I also live in Alaska. I volunteer.", "I'm a vegan. I am on a diet that does not include cheese.", "I love to cook. My favorite vegan recipe is a mediterranean chickpea bowl. There are a couple of vegan cheese brands that I like. Daiya is my favorite vegan cheese brand."], "partner_persona": ["I drive a smart car.", "I live in Alaska.", "I'm becoming a vegan. I'm into fitness and fashion.", "I have blue eyes and blonde hair.", "I do yoga. I meditate.", "I have 2 dogs. They are labradors.", "I like a good meat substitute. I like jackfruit. My favorite vegan recipe is a kabocha squash curry.", "I woiuld like to try cashew cheese. I like nachos.", "I have two labrador dogs. My dogs are 4 years old. My dogs are very active."], "current_conv": ["I think I'm getting the hang of this puppy training thing. They did the cutest thing yesterday!", "Oh! What did the puppies do? I remember when my dogs were just little puppies, they were so adorable!", "I taught them how to hug, so they stand up on their hind legs and wrap their front legs around my leg. It is adorable!", "That is seriously so cute. My dogs do something kind of similar, where they get up on their hind legs, and they do almost like a praying motion with their paws. It's so sweet! How is school going for you, anyways?", "It is actually very stressful, I have classes on top of clinicals right now. It may not have been the best time for me to get two puppies but man do they help me relax when I get home!", "True. My dogs always help keep me sane when I am really stressed out from work. If I didn't have them to come home to and cheer me up, I don't know what I'd do! Maybe we can take our dogs on a play date!", "That would be fun! Do your dogs get along well with other dogs?", "Honestly, I haven't brought them out a whole lot, so I'm not exactly sure. I think as long as they aren't bigger dogs, they wont get too skittish. My dogs are so well tempered and good with people, it would be hard for me to imagine them being bad. But then again, dogs will be dogs.", "Very true and I expect my puppies will want just want to play! What are your dogs names?", "I named my dogs Lummox and Grimbus lol! They're kinda goofy names, but they're goofy dogs too. So it makes sense. What did you name your little puppies???", "Those are cute names! I named mine Luna and Nimbus..so close to yours!", "Okay, this is perfect. Those names are way too similar. They are fated to be friends. I hope my dogs will be good role-models to your little pups! How have the puppies been with handling the cold? Mine got used to it very fast."], "history_conv": [["Hi! Do you like pets? I have 2 puppies and a cat.", "I do I like to take them a rides in my smart car.", "I go to a local community college. I want to be a nurse..", "Cool, I don't know what I do for a living.", "Would you like to volunteer at my local community garden?", "Sure I live in alaska currently. You?", "Thats where I live! Come to the garden! I love volunteering there!", "Wow I'll be sure to stop by! I moved here thre years ago.", "Thats great. I became a vegan when I moved here..", "I'm going to be a vegan. I'm into fitness and fashion now.", "We do fitness at the garden I volunteer at. Again, come join us!", "That's cool I have blue eyes and blonde hair."], ["Oh my god, I accidently ate a piece of cheese!", "Please don\u2019t give yourself a hard time about it... it happens! Been there, done that lol", "I've been doing well and I just accidentally at a piece of cheese. It's so frustrating.", "I know... I\u2019m a newbie and every time I slip I feel like grrrr but it\u2019s getting better w/ time!", "Yes it does. Small slip ups happen and they're super frustrating, but you learn from them. Did you decide to go vegan for fitness reasons?", "Not really... I just felt an inner directive to give up meat and dairy after I started meditation and yoga in earnest... it just happened organically. How about you?", "Fitness for me, I became vegetarian and then just decided to try becoming vegan because I'd heard amazing things about it and now never looked back. I feel it can really help your nutrition", "Sure... even though fitness is not the primary reason I got into it, this definitely fits (pun intended) in with my fitness centered lifestyle", "That makes a lot of sense. I remember you mentioned that you have pets, what do you?", "I have two black labs... they are big and my neighbors have nicknamed them Labzillas :)", "Oh they sound adorable.  Have you had them for long? We recently got two puppies", "We got them when they were 8 weeks old and they\u2019re going to be 4 year olds soon. What breed are your pups?!"], ["Have you read any books about veganism that helped you?", "not specifically, i do love to cook though so i google a lot of veggie-based recipes, or even regular recipes and sub out the meat for various veggies. mushrooms and squash make really good meat substitutes since they are so dense. do you do a lot of cooking?", "I do! I love cooking. I read a lot of books that helped me develop my vegan diet, I'd be happy to let you borrow some if you're interested. Those are definitely good meat substitutes. Have you ever tried jackfruit?", "i would love to borrow your books! and yes, how could i forget about jackfruit! it is very popular these days too. what is your favorite vegan recipe?", "My favorite vegan recipe is a mediterranean chickpea bowl with quinoa, cucumbers, tomatoes, mint, and onions, with a vegan tzaziki sauce. How about you?", "i think we will have to start a recipe exchange. it will help keep us on track! my favorite is a kabocha squash curry. i think we should also try some vegan cheeses to help us avoid accidentally cheating in the future!", "That sounds delicious!!! I agree, a recipe exchange would be great. True, vegan cheese does help with that. Have you found any favorite brands for vegan cheese? I found a couple that I like, and some that I didn't enjoy as much.", "i have tried a couple, none that i've enjoyed so far. the next on my list to try is cashew cheese, which i have heard is superior, so i am excited to try it. i hear it makes great nachos, and i miss nachos so much!", "I hear you, nachos are delicious! I do like cashew cheese for that. My favorite brand so far is Daiya (sp?). the only thing I noticed about it is if I leave it in the fridge too long, it doesn't mold. That is a little weird to me, but still it's the most delicious, meltable vegan cheese that I've found. Anyway, I've been meaning to ask, how are your pets? And what kind of pets do you have, again?", "i've heard of that brand too! i'll make sure to try it since you've given it a thumbs up! i'm excited to have so many vegan tools in my belt now! my dogs are good, i've got two labs. they are very active and keep me busy, but i think it's good for me. i am sure your puppies are keeping you quite busy as well - i don't miss the potty training phase!", "yeah definitely, that's great to hear you're enjoying your new vegan diet. Oh, cute! I love labs. Yes, my puppies keep me busy as well. The training phase is definitely a lot of work. How old are your labs now?", "almost 4. still act like puppies running around like crazy. i think i wouldn't get any exercise if it weren't for them though, so that is a good thing for me."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy killing deer. I used to go hunting but haven't gone recently. I used to go hunting with my dad.", "I eat the deer that I hunt. I didn't used to like eating it, but now I cook it well and enjoy it. I have never eaten horse.", "Deer season is my favorite.", "I grind deer meat to make sausage or cook it rare. I have a meat grinder that I can use as a sausage maker. I put spices and seasonings in my sausage.", "I respectfully kill an animal."], "partner_persona": ["I'm in love with my neighbor John. People say I'm kind. I have been asked to dinner by John.", "I enjoy hiking.", "I have a hard time understanding other people's feelings.", "I don't enjoy hunting.", "I don't like red meat. I don't know how to cook deer.", "I do not vote because I don't think there is a point.", "I am in a relationship with John and we get along well."], "current_conv": ["I'm experimenting with a new blend of spices and came up with one I think you might like...", "I'll try your sausage if you let me take you horse hunting.", "haha is that even legal? I made the blend of spices for fish, I thought you and john might like it.", "That sounds delicious. I don't know if its legal but the family who lives on the property sure don't like it.", "hahaha. Sorry, about my typing errors. I injured my fingers in the meat grinder so typing isn't easy right now.", "You think that's bad, you should see me after chopping some vegatables. It looks like the Manson family visited.", "LOL I have safety cutting devices in a drawer but always get to involved in the process and forget until I get a new injury. ", "Thats hilarious. We should compare our injuries one day. You should come for dinner John will eat the sausage and I'll make my onion and beet salad", "I would love to come. I will bring over some fish and the sausage as well as a bottle of my spice blend. it will be good on your salad, too.", "Spice blend is what John and I call date night. That sounds like a plan", "I will bring over a box of bandages, too. Just in case. and will leave early so you get your spice on with John. lol", "That was fun Thanks. I cant wait for dinner"], "history_conv": [["Hello!!! How are you tonight!!?", "I'm lovesick. I'm in love with my neighbor john.", "Oh my gosh!! That's crazy. I hope you feel better?", "He only likes crazy people. But I'm nice. Everyone says I'm so kind.", "Well that is a good thing then lol. Im crazy about hunting deer ;).", "I'm super crazy about hiking!", "Hey maybe we can go hiking and then go hunting after lol sound like a plan?", "John doesn't like to go hiking. He likes people who vote. I didn't.", "Hmm. Im more concerned with wildlife then voting at the moment lol.", "I mean I wish we had more equality, I'm just too lazy to vote.", "A lazy lady in love with her neighbor who doesnt vote but loves equality. You sound great.", "I'm super great. I'm the kindest person on the planet!"], ["How are things going with John right now?", "It's a little bit awkward, I'm still not sure how he's feeling about everything, it's so hard to guess other people's feelings!", "That's very true!  Have you been dating, or is it just from being around him as neighbors?", "We're not officially dating but he asked me to dinner yesterday but i'm unsure whether he meant to be neighbourly or something more. I guess I'll be able to tell more after the dinner", "That's true.  That's a really good sign, though...that he asked you to dinner.  Perhaps he enjoys hiking too. That would be something fun you could do together.", "I hope so - it's a lot more fun going for hikes with someone else! Have you been out hunting?", "I haven't been lately, but plan to go soon.  I was just reading my message about \"I enjoy killing deer\".  That sounds very creepy...lol  I can't say I enjoy the actual killing.  I think that hunting reminds me of when I used to go hunting with my dad, so that's why I \"enjoy\" it.", "Yeah I tried to word it a little less serial killery lol!! I can understand why you'd enjoy hunting, it isn't my thing but I get that people can enjoy it! So you eat the deer after or sell it on?", "I eat it now.  I didn't used to enjoy it, but since I learned how to cook it, I enjoy it a lot.  You have to cook it a certain way to get rid of that \"gamey\" taste.", "Yeah I don't love a lot of red meat, is it similar to horse", "I can't even imagine eating a horse.  Changing the subject a bit, I'm curious as to why you do not vote....if you don't mind me asking..", "I just feel like there's no point - they're all as bad as each other and everyone just gets so aggressive regardless of who wins"], ["I ran into John recently. How are things going between the two of you.", "Things are going great between John and I. We get along well. Have you gone hunting lately?", "Yep. It's now deer season - my favorite time of the year. I was able to get a pretty nice kill last weekend. I've been sharing the meat with friends and family.", "How does one cook deer? Are there many different ways to cook it?", "Generally it's a pretty tough meat because deer are lean. But I usually grind it and make sausage or cook it rare like a steak!", "Do you have a sausage making machine?", "I have a meat grinder that I use to grind the meat. When I attach a narrow tube, it doubles as a sausage maker! I know you're not a fan of red meat, but would you like to try some homemade sausage?", "I don't like red meat but I would consider trying it. Do you add anything to the meat that you grind before turning them into sausages, like spices or filler?", "Yep! It's definitely the spices that make the sausage great. I usually put in a combination of any of the following: garlic, paprika, black pepper, spinach, cheese, red pepper, etc.", "That sounds good actually. Do you ever have conflicting feelings about hunting deer?", "I do take seriously the idea of taking a life. But I do it as respectfully as I can, make it painless and most of all, wasteless. I use every bit of the animal, and I think that's the most respectful way to kill an animal.", "Do you use a rifle to hunt deer?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love gaming. I am a college student.I am unemployed.", "My mom is head of the school.", "I like playing soccer.", "I have no siblings.", "I like to play league of legends. I haven't played it in a while.", "I have a new job. My new job is a Senior Security Specialist at a big company.  I went to college and have college debt. My job is 3rd shift hours.  I have the duty of making sure the campus I work on is safe and secure.", "I do not work weekends at the moment.  I want to play games on Saturday I like Pizza.", "I like Pineapple and ham. I like fresh homemade pizza.", "I want to meet speaker 2 at 5 pm Saturday."], "partner_persona": ["I love gaming. I bought a new laptop. I play league of legends with friends. I like to play many other games.", "I dont like playing sports.I am open to playing soccer. I try to accommodate people. I prefer food over sports.", "I love cheese and pizza. I like homemade pizza.", "I am a gamer. I play in gaming parties.", "I am adventurous."], "current_conv": ["My new job is going good so far!  A little boring but it makes money", "How are you handling the 3rd shift? Do you have your sleep schedule figured out yet?", "I think this is my fourth week and I think I have it all figured out.  Week 1 went pretty good, but Week 2 was where I struggled a bit.  I find that now my body is pretty tuned to the new schedule.", "Glad to hear it. So, how is it? Do you find much to keep you busy at night? I know nothing about security. LOL!", "For the most part, things are pretty quiet.  Every once in a while you may have some suspicious looking people that you need to convince to move on.  I did have a run-in with a racoon last Thursday.  It was pretty funny after I got over being startled!", "That's hilarious! Racoons are definitely nature's natural thieves. lol! Have you had much of a chance to play Legends lately?", "I actually put it on this weekend.  I was a bit rusty though.  How have you been doing with LoL?", "My new laptop is blazing fast. I played all weekend. It was fantastic!", "That is so awesome.  I know you are going to crush me if we are on opposite sides.  When are you normally on?", "Probably around the time that you're just getting to work, unfortunately. We'll have to catch up online over the weekend.", "That sounds like a plan.  My weekends are free and I definitely want to start playing more. How many friends do you meetup online to play on a given evening?", "It just depends how many are online at the time. Usually it's between 6-10. There's definitely room for one more."], "history_conv": [["Hey!", "Hello! Do you like gaming?", "Love it! As a college student, it helps me pass the time.", "Im an avid gamer! Bought a new laptop just for league of legends.", "Nice! I don't have a job now so I have lots of time to game.", "Come join me and my friends! We play online 24/7.", "Maybe, my mom is head of the school I am at so she watches what I do.", "Its league of legends bro! Come play!", "I like playing soccer too. Do you like playing sports?", "Not at all. Video games all day! My favorite character is alistar!", "That sounds good! I don't have any sibilings so I have to check it out.", "No kids, no work? You sound like a gamer to me :).", "What else do you like to do?", "Not much. Eat, sleep and game. More gaming than the other 2 tho."], ["I got free time to play games. Want to play together?", "Yes! Let's do it! Are you free this weekend?", "I have Saturday free all day. what game should we play?", "I always love to league of legends, but I am open to suggestions.", "league of legends is good. I haven't played it for a while.", "LOL it is! We can probably squeeze in some soccer too, if you want to?", "I know you don't like playing sports so maybe we can just get some lunch before gaming so that we can play without being hungry.", "Sounds great!! I was trying to accommodate you because I want you to have fun. But I always prefer food to sports :)", "that's really nice of you. I love gaming too though so this way we'll both have fun.", "Super! I am so exciting. This will be a fun way to spend the day.", "What kind of food should we get?", "I could go for pizza! What's not to love about cheese?"], ["I just got a job.", "that is great! although it will mean less time for gaming unfortunately. what is the job?", "I will be working at a Senior Security Specialist at a big company. I am finally able to make some money and start paying off my college.", "that sounds like a really good job. what exactly will you be doing? how many hours per week? do you think we will still be able play games together? i am concerned now that we wont have as much time to play together", "I should have a lot of downtime since the job is on 3rd shift. To my knowledge, I will be making sure the campus I work on is safe and secure. Will you play the game at night with me?", "oh, ok. well to be honest, i am glad you got the job and all, but still glad we will be able to play together! of course i will make time. we had so much fun last weekend that i will stay up as late as i need to. when are you free to set up another gaming party?", "I have the weekends off as of right now. Are you available on Saturday to come over and game? We can order some pizza?", "perfect! let's do that. what kind of pizza should we order? do you like pineapple? last time we went with cheese but i feel like we should be more adventurous this time", "I haven't had pineapple and ham in years! I say lets give it a go! Would you want to order out or do you want me to stop by the grocery store and get some ingredients to make our own?", "oh now you are getting really fancy! homemade pizza sounds amazing. i haven't done it in a while but it tastes so much better than ordering out. this can be our new thing - homemade pizza and video games! i'm loving it", "Yeah, lets plan to make fresh. I can stop by and grab the stuff we need. Would 5pm work good for you?", "that works for me. i will get everything set up. and you can tell me all about the new job, too. hopefully it'll be fun and you'll learn some valuable skills too"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am originally from Venice Beach. I've traveled to 20 countries.", "I hate traveling. I love running.", "I picked up a yodel in my travels.", "I love singing. I get it from my parents. they met in high school choir in Venice.", "I have been trying to get my mile time faster. I am training for a marathon. I have never run a marathon before. I have been following a training plan in order to train for the marathon.", "I sprained my ankle while running. I train for running marathons. I had to put a hold on training because of my sprained ankle."], "partner_persona": ["I just arrived at my hotel. I travel a lot for work. I miss my wife and kids. I don't like being away from them. I will soon travel away from them.", "I am a fisherman or outdoors type of person.", "I'm from San Francisco.", "I ran a marathon a few years ago. I might run in the future, just not a full one.", "I've sprained my ankle in the past.", "I am a motivational speaker. I speak to schools and conferences. I motivate people to not give up on their dreams.", "I battled with depression and anxiety. My battles led me to want to become a motivational speaker."], "current_conv": ["My ankle is doing so much better, it's healing up quite nicely ", "Did you get back to training? I've been thinking about running another one lately myself.", "I am doing short training but yodelling while I run to get my lungs prepared even if I can't get my legs fully ready. ", "That would make a great youtube video. I love the idea of combining the things you love. I think I'll try fishing and being depressed tohgether", "I am quite an attraction on the beach. There are some videos already posted if you need a laugh. Yodelling while running is like using auto-tune and sounds weird.", "I have to see this. I have a speech coming up I think I'll talk about you in it", "That would be an honor. Also, I would recommend combining something more active than fishing with being depressed. Too much time to dwell on negative thought while waiting on a bite", "Well it's kinda hard to give speech while fishing. I tried it once but there was an issue with me taking young boys to the pond during school hours. Who knew?", "Why don't you come for run with me and we will Yodel and train for the Alps marathon together?", "Oh man I'm going to need some motivation for that. If I was a better motivational speaker I could just listen to one of my tapes, but.... no luck there", "Like things, motivation is easier said than done. Let me know if you decide you want to run with me or just meet me on the beach at 0600.", "Sounds good... I like the run idea, spraining my ankle again might do me some good. Maybe I would't have to go out of town on this next trip"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I just finished a run. How are you?", "Pretty good, I just arrive at my hotel on work travel. Where are you from?", "Originally, venice beach. Though I have been all over. 20 countries!", "Wow. That is a lot of travel. Do you enjoy traveling?", "Hate it, but love running. Lose track of where I am.", "I travel a lot for work. I don't mind it, but miss my wife and kids.", "I picked up a yodel in my travels that might help you from missing them.", "I'm more of a fisherman or outdoors type.", "Sorry, I just love singing. Get it from my parents. They met in high school choir.", "Did they meet in venice? I'm from san francisco.", "Yes. San francisco! Does it have my favorite turquoise oceans?", "Yes, beautiful water. And some of the best restaurants."], ["How long will you be away from your wife and kids for work?", "Only for a week but it feels like forever, I hate travelling so much away from them", "that's not too bad. Hopefully you stay busy enough that the time goes by quick.", "That's true, I've a lot of work to do so that should keep me occupied! How has the running been going?", "it's going well. I've increased my mile time by 20 seconds recently. trying to get faster.", "That's awesome! Are you training for any races?", "I want to do a marathon next year.", "Oh that's cool have you ever done one before?", "not yet. I've always wanted to but just never signed up.", "That's exciting, are you going to follow a training plan", "I have been, yes. have you ever done a marathon before?", "Yes I ran one a few years ago, it was tough but such a high when I finished it"], ["I sprained my ankle on a run. Has this ever happened to you?", "Oh what a bummer. I'm sorry to hear that. I've definitely sprained my fair share of ankles.", "Why do I torture myself training for marathons? Do you think you will get back to running marathons again?", "I'm not sure. It was more of a bucket list item, so I think I will still run but perhaps not a full marathon. I know how that feels! Keep your ankle rested. Is it a bad sprain?", "It's bad enough that I need to pause my training temporarily. I've never been in a marathon before. Do you have any tips for me?", "Best tip I can give you is stick to the schedule. If you skip a run or two, it becomes really easy to fall behind, which can lead to injuries when you try to play catch up. And rest days are to be taken just as seriously!", "Will keep those tips in mind. What kind of job do you have that requires travel?", "I'm a motivational speaker! I get invited to different schools and conferences to give a little pep talk!", "That sounds amazing. Do you motivate people to be successful? Do go after their dreams? That kind of a thing?", "Basically yes. And to strive forwards through hardships. Just like your injury!", "We all go through struggles. Sometimes we need people to pull us up out of the abyss. How did you get into motivational speaking?", "I think it began because I needed motivational speaking myself. I've always needed to battle bouts of depression and anxiety. Motivational speeches and being in nature both help me to this day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to watch football.", "I like to hear about others' problems.", "Pizza is my favorite food.", "My mom is a nurse.", "I like to cook. I have too many ingredients. I like vegetables, spices, extra cheese, and pineapple on pizza. I make my own pizza sauce. I think homemade sauce tastes better than store bought.", "I grow tomatoes. I love pizza. The sauce on pizza is my favorite. I am good at gardening.", "I don't exercise a lot. My mother encourage me to exercise."], "partner_persona": ["I like reading and hiking.", "I have a male neighbor who I go hiking with.", "I am a chef. I make pizza for my neighbors. I like sharing love and kindness.", "I have blond hair.", "I also like to cook. I like making my own pizzas. I also like pineapple on pizza. I make my own pizza sauce. I think homemade sauce tastes better than store bought.", "I grow my own herbs and vegetables, but I am not very good at it.", "Hiking relaxes me and keeps in shape. I eat lots of foods and too many desserts.", "I carry bear spray when I hike."], "current_conv": ["My vegetable garden got attacked by birds and they ate all my tomatoes!", "Oh no!! That is really hard to keep them away from the garden!", "I know. I'm so disappointed. How are your vegetables getting on?", "The tomatoes are ripening well. I am excited to make the pizza sauce. The herbs grew early this Spring. Its been good exercise!", "It is great exercise. The pizza will taste great", "Anything to stay healthy and take care of our moms. Mine still helps me with the pizza. Does your mom like pizza?", "She loves pizza. Mama's pizza are the best", "My mom and I have a competition for the best sauce but she always wins anyway, and thats OK! We still walk around the neighborhood sometimes after dinner for exercise and to chat.", "That wonderful do you sell it?", "We just serve to our friends and family without telling them who made which sauce. One day maybe I will sell my own if its as good as hers. Does she have a garden?", "She has an allotment. It's really productive", "Gardening is a great hobby. I get a lot of enjoyment from watching the plants grow -- and from eating them! What's your favorite vegetable? Anything?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! What do you like to do?", "When I am not reading you will see me hiking.", "That sounds amazing! I like watching football personally.", "I go hiking with my neighbor, he is so lovely..", "What do you do for a living? I like to hear about others problems and analyze it.", "I am a chef and I love giving out to people.", "A chef!! Do you make pizza, it's my favorite!", "Of course yes. I do make it for my neighbors. They like it.", "Do you spend a lot of time with your neighbors?", "Oh yeah I like sharing my love and kindness to people around me.", "That's good, that sounds like my mom, she shares love and kindness as a nurse.", "I will love to meet her, she sounds like my kind of person.", "What is your physical appearance like hair color?", "I am blonder but not stupid."], ["I have some extra ingredients. Are you interested in cooking something together?", "Yes of course, that would be brilliant. What do you have in mind?", "It's got to be some pizza! We can trade our favourite recipes", "Great, I've made pizza numerous times before. What kind of toppings do you like? Are you a mozzarella, sundried tomato and prosciutto ham lover or meat feast lover?", "Oh I'm all about spices and vegetables with extra cheese! And most controversial of all I love pineapple on pizza", "Wow, now that sounds like a fabulous pizza. Pineapple on pizza is the best but I rarely get to cook it because the neighbors hate it! This will definitely be a good tasting meal", "Haha absolutely! Do you make your own pizza sauce?", "I do indeed. It's made from a number of spices and slowly simmered tomatoes. It's so simple to make I don't understand why others don't try it. Have you ever tried before?", "Oh yeah I always make my own, people love to just open jars these days when making from scratch is so much tastier!!", "Yes I completely agree. It's a shame really because making your own just gives the pizza that extra level of quality. These batch made sauces in jars cannot replicate the taste of a homemade sauce.", "No they just aren't the same! I guess some people just don't like to cook at all unlike us", "Yes I understand that. Some don't know how cook which is a shame. If it wasn't for becoming a chef, I wouldn't of experienced the magnificent tastes and smells of spices and trying new foods. There's nothing like trying a new dish and it turning out just how you imagined. Perfect!"], ["I tried out a new pizza sauce recipe with heirloom tomatoes! I'll send you the recipe.", "that sounds so good. do you grow your own heirlooms?", "Of course! You can't love pizza like I do and not grow your own tomatoes. The sauce is such an important component in any good pizza. Way too many people overlook it and ended up ruining an otherwise great pizza by cheaping out on the sauce.", "that's amazing. as much as i love making my own pizza, i just don't have much of a green thumb. you will have to teach me your tricks so i can get better at growing my own herbs and vegetables as well.", "That's a shame. I think gardening and cooking really go so well together. You should definitely stop by sometime so that I can show you a thing or two in my garden.", "i agree! they do go hand in hand. i will definitely stop by and get some help from you. have you watched any good football games in the last week?", "Well it's the offseason right now, but I'm looking forward to watch again this fall. Have you gone hiking lately?", "ah that is right. something about the fall being the start of football season, i knew that! no hiking yet, but this week got right up to about hiking weather so i think it's time to break out the hiking gear and scope out the trails for this year. see if i can find some lesser knows spots to avoid the crowds", "My mom's always saying that I should get outdoors more and do things that involve exercise other than just growing more food to eat. I've thought about hiking, but I'm not really sure just yet. How did you get into it?", "it's good that you spend time outdoors in your garden though, at least that is a start! i grew up in an area that has such beautiful outdoor scenery and hiking can take you places that driving can't. it's just something different to experience the terrain with different viewpoints and landmarks, lakes and rivers, it's really soothing. as well as great exercise! Since I do tend to eat a lot of food too being a chef and all. too many desserts", "Have you ever been in danger when you went hiking?", "sometimes there have been bears or cougars nearby, but thankfully not close enough for me to come into contact with. i carry bear spray with me just in case. always prepared! do you know if there are good hiking trails near where you live?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like running.", "I have travelled to many countries. I have travelled to africa. My favorite color is turquoise.", "My parents met in high school in mexico.", "I like R&B.", "I am planning a trip to Europe. I like to travel. I like structure when I travel. I like to travel with others.", "I am making an itinerary for my trip to Europe. My itinerary includes Germany, France, Italy and maybe Spain. I want to see the Italian Riviera. My trip to Europe will be at least 2 weeks."], "partner_persona": ["I like running.", "I have travelled across europe and asia.", "I like singing. I want to pursue a career in music. I like R&B.", "I am planning to visit Africa in the future. I mostly travel for business. Work takes up a lot of my time. I manage others at work. I am a hard worker. I like to surf in my free time.", "I am constantly on the move.", "I have been working 60 hours a week.", "I have 3 and 1/2 weeks of vacation coming. I plan to take a trip with my conversation partner to Europe. I have travel miles from work travel. I can use my travel miles for car rentals. I can use my travel miles for hotel rooms.", "I would like to start the trip in August or use Labor Day.", "I run daily in the morning."], "current_conv": ["I have the whole trip booked and I will email you the itinerary.", "That would be excellent! Where are we going in Europe?", "Germany, France, Italy, and Spain! Are you getting excited and all ready to go?", "Oh wow! This is going to be quote the trip! I think I am ready, but I do need to go to the bank to exchange some currency for Euros", "I have made us match t-shits in turquoise so we can find each other in any crowd. Pack light so we can bring back stuff in our luggage.", "Oh, that would be great! I cannot wait for this! Have you ever ben?", "Not yet. This will be my first trip there. And I meant to say, \"Matching T-shiRts.\" Please don't cancel the trip due to my typos.", "I think we will have a great time. I can drive us to the airport and pay for the parking since you spend so much time on planning the trip and making everything so easy for us. ", "I have some surf time planned for us Spain. I am not as experienced a surfer as you, so might need some instruction but it will be fun.", "Yes, I do not mind teaching you how to surf, it is pretty easy once you get the hang of it!", "I've tried to keep us busy, as you will see in the itinerary, but nothing has to be kept in stone and can play it by ear depending on our mood. We can linger at places if we like them.", "Sometimes it is best to just relax and take a few moments to enjoy the beautiful scenery!"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you tell me about yourself.", "I am a singer by hobby.", "I love to sing myself I sing while I am running all the time.", "Me too. I love running with my headphone on me..", "Do you like to travel? I have been all around the world. 20 countries.", "I have been to all europe and most asian countries..", "I love africa. I love the turquoise skies thats my favorite color.", "We seems to have a lot in common then.", "My mom and dad met in high school in mexico.", "That is interesting. I wish I can take a career in music now..", "You can. Software will make you soundlike a pro.", "Okay. Thanks for the advice. What type of music do you like?", "I like old school slow jams. (r&b) and you?", "That is my favorite to. I am a love singer.."], ["A new R&B album has released. Have you listened to it?", "Yes, I heard all the song from that album.", "I should have guessed ;) I just finalized a trip to Europe. Which countries have you been to in Europe?", "Scotland and Norway, These two countries are good to travel. Have you visited africa?", "That\u2019s awesome... I still have to plan my itinerary! I traveled to Africa just a couple of years ago and loved it. Is it on your list of places to visit?", "I am planning to visit africa in next summer. Then i visited Scotland and Norway for my Business purpose, even i try to visit some places, but i can't due my time and work lag", "Wow... you are quite the world traveler. Sounds like your work keeps you super busy? When do you find time to run?", "Some of my workers are lazy, even i finish my task and take some break from my project. But i can't leave my workers because they submit all their work to me. But i surf some best place  and imagine like a ghost lol!", "Haha... sounds like a crazy schedule to me!", "Haha!!. All things in my life is like a flying bird, That's why i try to travel around the world", "I like your philosophy! You inspire me :) Maybe we can plan a trip together if and when our busy lives allow...", "Sure! I have too many plan, Will you join me and travel together."], ["How has work been lately? I KNOW you've been listening to that R&B album some more, it is just too good. Have you thought any more about taking a trip together?", "Work has been very busy, as usual. I haven't had much time to listen to music or anything else, lately. It would be nice to actually take a trip and not have to work 60 hours a week while I'm there.", "I hear you! I just thought I'd ask. I'm still working on putting together my European itinerary and wanted to see if you'd decided if you want to try to come along. I just need to know what dates could potentially work.", "Is the plan still Germany, France and Italy, or have you decided on a slightly different set of countries to visit?", "Still planning on those three, and maybe Spain as well. But I absolutely want to visit the Italian Riviera. That's a must. Where do you think you might like to go? I can always switch it up.", "No, that sounds perfect. In fact, maybe ending the trip on a nice sunny, Spanish or Italian beach sounds like heaven.", "Just what I was thinking! So what timeframe might work for you? It kind of needs to be at least two weeks in order to get the most out of it; how much time off do you have saved up?", "I have about three and a half weeks, so 14 days or so would be absolutely perfect. And I have built up a lot of travel miles through work travel, so I think I can get us some free rooms and car rentals at a minimum.", "Sweet! That all sounds fabulous. I'm pretty open as far as dates go so we can play it by ear a little longer.", "I think we should head over in August or we could use Labor Day if you want to use less vacation. My schedule is sadly open. lol!", "Maybe the end of August and into Labor Day? The best of both worlds, haha.", "Sounds absolutely fantastic. I might even be able to find some amazing landmarks during my daily morning run."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I design prefabricated houses for mission to mars. I used to work at Cisco. I hate cisco. Have worked in warehouse for 10 years, its interesting.", "I enjoy snowboarding more than movies. I watched part of a movie North Hollywood, fell asleep during movie.", "I like Charlie Parker musician. I enjoy rock and punk music.", "I love food. I really enjoy meat.", "I went on a snowboarding trip. I had fun on my trip."], "partner_persona": ["I work part time in a warehouse. I have a boring job. Working overtime at work. I find my work boring.", "I enjoy cruising or watching movies.", "I enjoy punk music. I think Charlie Parker is a classic musician.", "I love pizza and burgers.", "I am going on a beach trip in a few months. Not going on a trip for a few months.", "Im excited to see the new movie Fast and Furious.", "I have extra money from overtime to pay for my trip. I am flying to Palms Beach. I am traveling alone. I am staying at the Palms Resort."], "current_conv": ["What is your itinerary for your beach trip?", "I just want to relax and eat some good food! I'm really looking forward to the alone time.", "That sounds pretty great to me. Hopefully it'll give you a chance to really relax. Have you done any research on burger joints or pizza places there? May as well have some good eats while you're away!", "I haven't but I've got to find a good pizza delivery. Sitting on the beach and reading all day and then eating pizza by myself in bed sounds amazing.", "That it does. I could go for some of that! A nice meaty pizza and a beer and a good movie on TV. Say, you have a plan to see the new Fast and Furious movie yet?", "I haven't seen it yet, do you want to go together?", "Sure, works for me. We'll figure out at date next week. When do you leave for the beach again?", "Sounds like a plan! I'm not leaving for other month so we have time to get together. How's work going?", "Sweet. Eh, work is okay. There's really nothing glam about warehouse work, haha. It was pretty hot today so I'm trying to chill this evening with some snowboarding videos.", "You've got to take me snowboarding sometime and teach me the ropes!", "I'd love to! We'll make it happen this coming winter. I love being out on the slopes.", "I've always wanted to try it out, and you'd be the perfect person to teach me. Thanks!"], "history_conv": [["Snowboarding is my favorite sport but winter is almost over.", "Enjoy it while you can! What do you do for work?", "I design prefabricated houses for a mission to mars. It's better than my old job at cisco.", "That has to be the most interesting job! I work part-time in a warehouse.", "Very interesting. I ended up hating cisco after working in their warehouse for 10 years.", "Understandable. I\u2019d rather be cruising or watching movies than working.", "Movies are good sometimes but I would rather be out snowboarding.", "Sounds fun! Do you listen to music while shredding? Punk is my favorite.", "Charlie parker is my all time favorite performer but I like rock and punk and other stuff.", "Covering all the bases. Charlie parker is a classic. What\u2019s your favorite food?", "I love food. I eat a lot of meat even though it's full of antibiotics and hormones.", "I could eat pizza and burgers and nothing else! Lol.", "That would be nice but then the following heart attack wouldn't be so fun.", "You\u2019re right! Evening in moderation...i guess."], ["I just had the most awsome snowboarding trip ever!", "Oh that's so good, i'm so jealous!! I'd love to go away", "It was so much fun! Do you have any upcoming trips planned?", "I have a trip to the beach with friends in a few months time but nothing before then so it's going to be a long few months until then!", "That'll be a lot of fun, it's something to look forward to. So how is your job going?", "It's pretty boring to be honest, you know yourself working in a warehouse isn't too exciting! What about you?", "Work is really interesting, we are still working on a couple housing models for the mission to Mars, I am hoping we will find a success in one. Are you staying busy at work though?", "That sounds so interesting! Yeah I'm busy and getting lots of overtime which is always good", "Overtime is nice to have! Have you seen any good movies lately?", "Not recently but I've seen the ad for the new fast and furious movie and i'm super excited for that, what about you?", "I started watching a new movie called North Hollywood last night but I was so exhausted from work that I fell asleep part way through.", "I hate when that happens and you can't quite remember what point you got up to"], ["I got some pictures back from the snowboarding trip!", "Nice, can I see some of the pcitures?", "Yes. I can text them to you later tonight. How was work?", "Boring as always, and worked overtime, again", "It's good to have extra money in your pocket though right?", "I suppose, it did help me with my trip to the beach.", "Tell me about your trip. Where are you going and when?", "I am going on a beach trip in a few months. With overtime, I was able to buy the plane tickets early", "Which beach are you going to and who are you going with?", "Going to Palms Beach by myself.", "Is the beach in Florida? It sounds familiar? Is this at the Palms resort?", "Yes, it is! At Palms resort"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work as a librarian. I have a job that has demanding hours. I do not see my kids as much as I would like.", "I have 3 children. I have a kid younger than 9.", "I have a boat.", "I play the flute.", "I think kids should read more these days.", "I am still learning skills as a librarian."], "partner_persona": ["I have a son and grandsons.", "My mother was a librarian. My mother was often busy. I had unlimited access to book growing up due to my mother's job.", "I have a lot of kids. I have kids all grown up and they have their own kids.", "I like to take my grandkids to the park. I cherish time spent with my grandkids.", "I feel the internet has taken the use of a library away from children. My grandkids do not go to the library.", "I believe the internet is taking the place of libraries."], "current_conv": ["My youngest child just asked me if I could teach them how to play the flute!", "Oh really? So they want to play the flute like you. That's wonderful to hear. Are you planning to teach them yourself or hire a teacher?", "I am going to teach them myself. I am just so proud that they came to me and asked for my help. It was nice to feel wanted by my kids. ", "I bet is a wonderful feeling. I took my grandkids fishing once because they asked me to. It's a great way to bond with them. Now you and your youngest can bond through music. I think that's wonderful.", "Yes, I am so glad we can spend some time together and bond over flutes. She wants to learn because of the singer Lizzo. She can play the flute so well that it inspired her. Have you heard of her?", "Ah no I have not. I'm sure one of my grandkids have. Are they very famous? I'm a bit out of touch with music these days.", "Yes she is famous. Me too. I am a bit out of touch too with the latest music. My daughter played the video of her playing the flute and singing. It was incredible. I am glad she found a motivation though. Can any of your kids play an instrument?", "No not my kids or grandkids. They spend so much time on their phones and tablets that they rarely take interest in such things. It would be wonderful if one of them did take an interest in music. Is your youngest the only one interested in musical intrustments right now?", "Yes at the moment. My other two are just like yours - addicted to tablets and phones. I hoping that when I start teaching my youngest the flute the others would want to join in. I will grab a few spare just in case. Did you ever take your kids fishing? Did they like it?", "They sure did. Even though the oldest girl was so busy with her texting and what not. The other grandkids loved it and even caught a good sized fish! I really hope they'll let me take them again one day.", "That is amazing! You should try and put a date in the calendar and make it an annual thing. So that way they all know. It might help. ", "That's a great idea actually! It can be an annual fishing trip. Phones and technology is nice but getting in touch with nature is unlike anything else. I appreciate your suggestion. Do you ever take camping trips or anything like that?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how was your day?", "Hello. Today was a good day since I got to play with my son's kids. You?", "I love kid too, but I dont have much time with them am a librarian.", "That is interesting. My mother also had the same profession as you.", "Thats cool I have 3 children does your mother has the same thing?", "No but I had a lot of kids..", "Are they up to nine my is below the age of nine.", "They are all grown up now and have kids of their own.", "Really, how do they go to work everyday is it by boat like me?", "Most of them take the subway. What do you do?", "I love playing flute but that is not what I do for living.", "Do you play in a band or symphony?"], ["Get to spend more time with your son and grandkids?", "I did it was a great time, we went to the park!", "That is always a great way to spend time with kids.", "Most definitely, for sure the moments I cherish in life. Have  you got to spend time with your kids?", "Work has kept me away from them more than I would like, unfortunately.", "That is unfortunate but I know how that goes. My mom was a libraian, so she was always busy helping people", "It is a taxing job, but very rewarding.", "Most definitely, I think the rewards ulitmately make it worth it, plus your kids can get any book they want!", "That is a huge perk! Kids don't read enough these days.", "I know! I feel like most kids would struggle even finding a book in a library, internet has made it easy for them!", "No kidding. Things sure have changed over the years.", "I know! I can't remember the last time my grandkids asked to go to the libary."], ["Have you ever thought about taking your grandkids to a library and explaining what your mom did for a living as a librarian? It could be a great learning field trip for them.", "Kids just don't seem to be interested in going to the library anymore.", "I agree, I see libraries closing more and more. Even school libraries are half the size they use to be.", "I'm not really sure of a solution to keep libraries open. With the rise of the internet people do not need them as much as I used to.", "That is basically it. Everything is becoming electronic. Paper books are not really needed, only people who cherish a real book keep them relevant.", "I do find it interesting that libraries now are finding creative ways to still stay relevant like creating little maker spaces.  Some are adding 3D printers and other tools to keep kids learning and entertained in a safe environment", "Yes we implement those in our library. We still get parents bringing in their little kids which I find encouraging", "Not only will the kids learn but the parents will also learn new skills to", "even librarians like me learn new skills too, lol", "That's true you're never too old to learn a new skill", ":), so how was the trip to the park with your grandkids?", "It was great the weather was really nice and I really enjoyed getting outside and getting some fresh air"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy seeing the stars and wide open spaces.", "I am familiar with Alaska.", "I enjoy steak.", "My work keeps me very busy. I would like to take time to unwind in the wilderness.", "I like to run to decompress. I like to run sprints. I like to do distance running. I listen to my body when I am running. Listening to my body keeps me injury free.", "I went to college.  I worked between high school and college and took pre college classes.", "My job keeps me pretty busy.", "This month is busy at my job.  I used to run a lot in the past but not so much now."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy camping and sleeping under the stars. I enjoy adventure, writing letters. I don't like phones.  I don't think I am a good writer. I might take a writing course.", "I am moving out west. I just graduated high school.", "I enjoy grilling. I enjoy grilling steaks while camping under the stars. I like the outdoors.", "I am going to live outdoors and explore right now. I think there is more to life than work."], "current_conv": ["Have you started packing yet for your move?", "Yes, I have slowly been packing each day. I am also finding that I can get rid of quite a bit of stuff that I won't need out west. How is your job going?", "My job is still pretty busy. It's great that you can get rid of stuff. Have you heard of  \"minimalism\" ?", "I have heard of minimalism. I am not sure that I can get my belongings down that much but because I will be outdoors the majority of the time, I won't need a lot of my electronics", "In that case, you can probably get rid of all of your electronics, right? Do you usually use them a lot?", "I am a big music buff so I will be keeping my phone and headphones, but at this point I am not sure that I will need any of my other electronics.", "That sounds nice. I feel pretty addicted to my electronics, honestly. Actually, I guess I'm more addicted to the internet.", "Yeah, I have been able to move away from the internet, I don't have any social media. Have you found any time to get outside and run?", "Wow, I can't imagine not having social media. It must be freeing. Yes, I've been finding 20 minutes in the evenings to go on a run. I want to try other sports though.", "That is great! What other sports do you want to try?", "I think it'd be cool to try more water sports. I want to try surfing. Have you done it?", "No, I haven't tried but that would be a lot of fun. Do you have water near you that you can practice on?"], "history_conv": [["Hey - I just got back from a run....how'bout you?", "Hey! I just got back from a camping trip. I love sleeping under the stars.", "So do I! Some people need the sun...i need the stars - especially in wide open spaces!", "Of course! I am packing up and heading out west forever.", "How far west? I'm very familiar with alaska!", "Maybe washington? I'm fresh out of high school ready to go.", "Good for you! What will you do for work..any programming experience?", "Maybe? Ready for adventure, writing letters and not using a phone.", "Impressive! Or maybe because I'm hungry for a good steak it sounds impressive.", "Yummm.. Maybe I'll grill some.", "Do it! Be careful what you're wearing while grilling so you don't get burned.", "Thanks for the advice, I'm going with friends no parents."], ["Get to do any grilling?", "I have! I made some steaks on the girll just the other night it was awesome!", "I could go for a steak right now. I am hungry!", "Grilling a steak under the stars while camping is what it is all about!", "That sounds lovely right about now. Work has me busy and I could go for some time in the wilderness to unwind.", "You need to tell work you need a vacation, and get out to the campground as soon as possible. There are some great trails to run!", "Good call. Running is a great way to decompress.", "I know you mentioned you really enjoy it. Do you run distance or just sprints?", "I do it all. I listen to my body and my mood.", "For sure, that is absolutely key. Your body will let you know how far you can push it on any given day.", "That has been a good indicator that has kept me injury free all of these years.", "That is so crucial. you can't keep making fitness strides if you are injured. Some people push it to hard and end up on the sidelines for 6 months"], ["Since you enjoy writing and the outdoors, have you ever considered turning your adventures into a book or short stories?", "I have, but I don't feel like I'm a very good writer. Maybe I should take an online course in writing.", "What type of online course? My friend has taken a free online course that meets once a week, and she really enjoys it!", "I've never had much luck in them, but since I'm getting ready to move, that might be the best way for now. I think maybe after I get settled, I can find a local junior college or something that offers a cheap intro to writing class.", "Yeah that sounds like a good plan. What do you plan to do meanwhile? Are you going to find a part time job since you just graduated high school?", "Yeah, probably. Although, I'm going to use this year to just explore for a while and see where the world takes me. I have a couple of friends out West and a lot of camping equipment, and I'm just going to explore and live in the outdoors for a while. I figure I should do it while I'm young.", "Seems like a really great plan! I hope I have used my time between high school and college to travel more with friends instead of taking pre-college classes and working. Definitely try to enjoy life when you are young!", "I may regret it in 6 months when I'm broke, half-frozen and huddling under a tent in the snow in Montana, but we'll see. lol! Maybe you can come visit after I get settled. We could grill some steaks and sleep out under the stars.", "Haha but remember, what cannot kill you will make you stronger! And honestly that still sounds like a more memorable experience than my life right now. And yes I would love to visit! I am quite busy with my work right now, but I should have a couple of free days next month.", "Do you still run as much as you used to? It seems like the amount you run always seems to correlate to how busy you are.", "Not as much now since I've been working overtime at my job, I can barely get enough sleep right now, but it'll all be better when this busy month is over.", "Well hang in there, and remember, there's more life than just work."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a full time college student. I paint. I am majoring in art. I want to go to vet school.", "I like to go outside for walks. I have dogs.", "My mom gardens on the weekends. I prefer couponing.", "I just learned to paint in a new style. I am taking a painting class. The new style is called splatter painting."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a salesman at the ford dealership and I enjoy it. I do think about chasing other passions.", "I have read mystery books. I am a bookworm.", "My mother is a cop. She hates gardening. She likes dogs. I garden.", "One career field that interests me is police work. If I become a cop, I would like to help bridge the gap between cops and people. I am prepared to become a cop.", "I do not have any pets. I am not experienced with dog training. I would like a Bloodhound as a dog."], "current_conv": ["Have you considered getting a dog from an animal shelter?  There are so many dogs that need a good home.  It might be worth a look.", "That's a really good idea. I've been thinking about actually pulling the trigger on actually getting a pooch. I hope that they would have a cute bloodhound that needs a home.", "They might, but if not I'm sure there is a great dog that would be perfect for your home.  Sometimes there are dogs that are trained and everything, but maybe their owners had to move or something.  I am excited for you.", "I'm excited, but also a little leery. Not all of us can be great with dogs like you! How's school going, by the way?", "I know you will do great, it just takes a little patience.  Well, I am taking a couple art classes this summer.  You know about the splatter painting one, while the other is more of a history of art class, but we get to go to the museums pretty much every other class.", "That's awesome! I like art museums almost as much as the library. I can't believe that you get to do that for credit. ", "I know! The thing that is nice is that it was included in the course fee at a discounted rate.  We also get to spend time at specific areas each session.  So, there is really no time pressure.  It's amazing how many details you miss.", "I'm sure that's true. I've never really had the extra cash to pay for a pass to the art museum, but I'd love to do it someday. Maybe if I sell a few more mustangs! lol!", "How has business been?  Weren't you just named salesperson of the month?", "Yeah, but it's all about what you've done lately. There's a lot of pressure in this job. My income is basically entirely dependent on how many cars I sell. It's a tough job. ", "Well congratulations just the same.  Are you any closer to following your dreams of entering the police force?", "I think I'm going to finish my application this weekend. The starting pay isn't very good, so I may move back home for a while until I can make a little more money after I finish training at the police academy. "], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you?", "I'm doing great. Just got off work.", "Oh what do you do for work?.", "I work as a salesman at the food dealership in town. What about you?", "Neat! I'm actually a full time college student, but I do paint on the side!", "I meant ford, lol. What are you majoring in?", "Oh, cars, nice! I'm majoring in art. But I would love to get into vet school eventually.", "Art school has always sounded awesome in the mystery books I've read.", "Oh you're a bookworm? I prefer getting outside with my dogs for walks!", "I'm a bit of a book worm, I mostly just get outside for gardening.", "Nice! My mom gardens on the weekends, I prefer couponing!", "That's funny. My mother is a cop who hates gardening. She's a dog person too."], ["I learned a new style of painting in class.", "Oh that is awesome! What style did you learn?", "Splatter painting. It is a really fun way to be creative.", "That sounds crazy fun! As an art major you have to enjoy learning new styles like that.", "I sure do! I am always looking to expand my craft.", "That is very important to getting good jobs in the future, the more you know, the more you can show. Companies love that.", "Absolutely. Plus, I really enjoy it.", "And that is the key, you need to love your job, I enjoy selling cars, but I always think about chasing other passions", "What else would you like to do?", "My mom is a cop and that is a career field that always interest me", "That is a very rewarding and honorable field.", "I think so too, and I hope I can bridge the divide between cops and people if I choose to get into that field"], ["Did your mom tell you a lot of cop stories growing up? It didn't scare you away from becoming one?", "No, if anything, it made me want to change the world even more. Why? Have you heard some bad stories recently?", "I guess I'm thinking more along the lines of being a cop as a profession that requires you to be in stressful and potentially dangerous situations.", "Definitely. But I'm preparing myself for every aspect of it, as daunting as it is. I'm sure there could be dangerous situations as a vet too.", "I suppose there could be. I'm glad that you're taking the cop profession very seriously and wanting to change the world even more. That makes me happy - we need more people like you joining the force!", "That's inspiring, thank you. We need more people to take care of our beloved pets or even make beautiful art too!", "That's so nice of you to say. Do you have any pets or plan to have a pet?", "I would love to be a part of the K-9 Unit so I'm thinking of getting a dog soon and training him. I think dogs can be a great equalizer.", "That's awesome. Do you have any experience training dogs? What kinds of things would you have to train the dog to do?", "Not yet. Controlling him or her would be my first priority. I would want to build a relationship so I can trust the dog.", "What kind of breed do they use for the K-9 unit?", "German Shepherds mainly but I'm thinking that a Bloodhound could be a good choice too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite type of music is rock.", "My mom's a nurse.", "I work on art. I love nature.", "I work at an animal ER. I am taking extra shifts to help pay for the car. I am hoping to buy a jeep. I like Honda Accords.", "I value reliability in things I buy, especially cars.", "I have been snowboarding but I'm not very good at it. I like the beach more than the snow."], "partner_persona": ["I love food. I like to eat. I eat cheeseburgers.", "My favorite singer is Charlie Parker.", "I like to snowboard. I was hurt before and had to go to the hosptital. My leg is 90% healed. I broke my leg snowboarding. It won't stop me from going out on the snow again once I'm healed.", "I used to work for cisco before I broke my leg.", "I'm looking for a car to buy. I have it narrowed down to two. I will be making a decision after test drives this weekend. I am going to buy either a VW Passat or a Honda Accord. I am looking at the Passat because of the lower price, but leaning towards the Accord.", "I live in a place that gets lots of snow.", "I've been snowboarding since I was a kid."], "current_conv": ["Do you also ski or do you just stick with snowboarding? ", "I mostly just snowboard. My friends and I got started in it when we were in our teens. I do know some that ski but it's really not for me. How about you, do you like snowboarding? I know you said you weren't good at it yet but do you enjoy it?", "Yes I do really enjoy it. I hope one day I will be good at it. How long do you think it will take me?", "It will take quite a bit. It's very different that surfing or anything like that. The most important thing is to try and stay balanced. It's key to ensuring that you stay on your board and level on the snow.", "Ok, thank you. I will keep that in mind. Any tips are more than welcome. I am scared of having an accident that anything that can help avoid nd make me better is much appreciated. After your accident did it take long to get back on the snow?", "Yeah I'm not fully healed up all the way. I'll be back boarding and grinding on the snow before you know it. I understand it can be scary but if you take your time and don't take too many big risks, you'll be fine. I've been snowboarding since I was a kid but only got serious in my teens with my friends. I've only had this one accident so it should be fine. How many times have you been? ", "I have only been five times so far. Going again on the weekend and then next weekend with a friends. I am looking forward to going with my friend as it will be the first time I do it with someone else. Do you normally go on your own or with someone?", "I tend to go with other people. Usually a group of 5 or 6 of us. Snowboarding alone isn't really that fun as you can't show off your sick moves and all. I'm glad you are going with friends. It's helpful to learn with a group rather than alone you know?", "Yes, I did the first few alone with an instructor so I can practice. Now I feel more comfortable to do it with people I think I will prefer it. It helps to make it seem like a fun experience. I am hoping one day to go to the Alps and do it there. Is there anywhere you want to go to snowboard?", "Everyone wants to go to the Alps but location doesn't mean too much to me. I live in an area that I can snowboard all the time anyway. Don't get me wrong though - the alps sound amazing! So let me ask you something. Have you ever gone surfing?", "No I have never tried it before. I prefer cold weather activities to warm weather activities.  Do you like surfing?", "Once a good while ago. Before I was busy with work and things of that nature. My friends invited me on a trip to the beach. I tried it there and it was a completely different experience than I thought. I just thought you might have since you like the beach and all."], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you.", "Good, just eating, cause I love food. You?", "Im listening to rock music its my favorite.", "Charlie parker is my favorite.", "Oh good stuff. My moms a nurse so im just sitting at the hospital waiting.", "Wow for her whole shift? I'm looking for a car to buy.", "Yes so I can work on my art in quiet.", "I go snowboarding a lot. I actually had to go to the hospital after I got hurt.", "Oh no I love nature so snowborading is fun.", "That was when I worked for cisco. I had to quit cause I broke my leg.", "Ouch. I work at aminal er! Thanks :).", "Thank you. Just gonna go eat my cheeseburger now."], ["Have you found a car to buy yet?", "I have narrowed it down to two. I am going to test drive this weekend and make the final decision.", "That's good. I planned to get a new car soon. I picked up a couple extra shifts at the animal ER to help pay for it", "What are you thinking about getting?", "I want a jeep. What are your two choices?", "Either a VW Passat or a Honda Accord. Do you have an opinion on either one?", "I like Honda Accords. I like Hondas in general they are a very good make of cars to me. Are you leaning towards one more than the other?", "I tend to agree with you. The Passat is just less money, so I am open to it.", "I hope it works out for you! Is your legged completely healed up?", "I hope your jeep happens too! We have to go for some joy rides in our new cars! My leg is about 90% there.", "Thank you and yes we do ! Did you break your leg snowboarding?", "You know me too well! I sure did. I will be back out on the powder again though once I am healed."], ["Maybe you should look into whether the Accord or the Passat handles better in snow?", "that is a very good point. honestly i should have thought about that - because neither of these cars is that great. what am i thinking, i should have gone for a subaru! you said you like accords, what do you like about them?", "I like their reliability. Apparently Hondas do not have much of a record for premature breakdowns or things like that!", "that is true. reliability is very important and hondas are excellent for that. they last forever! if you get a jeep, would you want to take it out to 4x4, or just for your normal commuting?", "Definitely the 4x4. I'd like to drive on the beach to get some weekend bonfires going!", "that sounds nice. definitely love the bonfire to grill up some cheeseburgers!! have you ever been snowboarding before, or you more of a beach type person?", "Definitely more of a beach person. I don't do well in the cold. Also, I've never quite gotten the toe-side figured out for snowboarding.", "i can understand. it does take some time to figure out. i think i am lucky because i have been doing it so long, it was easy to pick up as a kid. do you surf?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am currently 27 years old. My birthday is next month. I am going to have an awesome birthday party with a professional juggler and psychic.", "I work for a small business. I live close to both my work and the local college.", "My dad has been in the military.", "I am currently in the market for a new car. I need a reliable vehicle to get to work everyday. I am very open to different vehicles and brands.", "I looked at a Ford Fusion. My friend is interested in buying a new Mercedes S Class 2021. My friend comes from a rich family.", "I am going all out for my party. I will have really good food at my party. I plan to have jugglers and psychics at my party."], "partner_persona": ["I have pets. I don't go out very often.", "It's easy for me to get time off work.", "I grew up in a town with a lot of small businesses.", "I love to read. I'm currently in college.", "I only drive Ford vehicles. My dad taught me how to drive. I love Ford. I learned how to drive with a Ford.", "I have a friend with a dad whom owns a luxury car dealership.", "I love Ford Fusions. I am a poor college kid."], "current_conv": ["You know you are invited to my party, I will even come get you and take you home.", "I am really invited? Wow, I am so honored! I would love to come. But it's your birthday, you shouldn't have to worry about picking me up and bringing me home.", "It would be no problem at all, I want to make sure you can attend because I love your company!", "That is so sweet! Maybe I can take a taxi or an Uber so you can focus on being the host at your party?", "Alright, whatever works best for you as long as you come. What kind of food do you think I should have at my party?", "I will be there, I promise! I am looking forward to getting a reading from the psychic. Hmmm I am not sure, what is your favorite meal?", "I really like pizza, and I think most people do too. But I'd like to have some alternative options, any suggestions?", "Pizza is delicious, but a little basic for a big extravagant party in my opinion. You could have a bunch of different foods, like little appetizers so people can have some of everything. I think some sushi would be nice.", "That's a great idea! Sushi will be available for sure. Since I'm sparing no expense I'm going to fly in some fresh tuna direct from Japan. ", "Wow, are you serious? Did you win the lottery or something? haha", "No, I've just been saving up for a long time to have a really good party for all my friends. Good times and good friends are worth the expense!", "What is it about turning 27 that makes you want to go all out? I am not knocking it, I am just genuinely curious. I cannot wait to eat the sushi, it is my favorite and I have never had the real deal from Japan."], "history_conv": [["I will be 28 next month and I wish to celebrate it.", "Really? Happy early birthday. I don't go out much because I like staying home with my pets.", "Awww I would have invited you. My dad will not be around.", "When is it? It is pretty easy to get time off of my job.", "It will be around noon. We will have abundant ice cream and chocolate.", "Sweet! Do you live near the college? I know that area pretty well.", "Yes, I live close to the small business I work for.", "I love small businesses. They remind me of the town I grew up in.", "Of course, will you mind if I recommend this book for you.", "What book is it? I may not have finished college but I love to read.", "My military dad thought me how to read wide and wild.", "All my dad taught me was how to drive and only drive fords."], ["We just hired a professional juggler AND a psychic for my birthday party! We might have a petting zoo, too.", "That sounds like \u00fcber fun! I remember attending a birthday party like that and I have to say it was a big hit with everyone!", "Yeah! THe people seem to love it. The professional juggler for whatever reason gets the crowd fired up!", "It\u2019s a crowd pleaser... entertaining for all ages! Well a very happy birthday to you in advance:)", "Thank you very much! I am going to be in the market for a new car, and you mentioend you only drive Ford's. Why is that?", "Ya it\u2019s kinda hard to explain.... I\u2019m not usually loyal to specific brands so it\u2019s not brand loyalty but both my folks drove Fords and I learned driving on one so maybe it\u2019s the sentimental factor lol", "Haha, I totally get that. Always respect someone who values sentimental experiences. That is what life is all about!", "Glad you get that... not everyone does! Btw what kind of car are you looking for?", "I don't really have anything in mind per se. I am just looking for something reliable to get me to work every day", "That\u2019s cool because then you have a very broad range to choose from!", "Exactly! I am not really leaning one way or another, so as you said keeps my options open, which is always a good thing!", "I have a friend whose dad has a car dealership but they deal in luxury cars. Let me know if you\u2019re interested in a Maserati, Jaguar etc"], ["I just finished looking at a Ford Fusion. What do you think of those?", "I absolutely love fusions. If you get the ones with the bigger engine, they're like a little 4-door sportscar. They have a lot of pickup and handle like a dream", "Wow, I'm impressed. I didn't think there were that many selling points. Hey, do you think I could get a friend of a friend discount at your friend's dad's dealership?", "That might be a few too many friends of a friend, but I suppose we could try. I will ask my friend for you. Do you know what kind of car he's interested in?", "The New Mercedes S Class 2021 for my friend. I'm pretty much sold on the Ford Fusion so don't worry about that. But yeah I'm hoping my friend isn't going to live in poverty because he wants to get this car.", "As a poor college kid, I can't imagine having the money to buy a Mercedes. Thinking of that might actually motivate me to procrastinate a little less. lol!", "Haha it helps that he comes from a rich family. You at least know you would get to borrow his car for a weekend or two if you got this deal going!", "Very true. lol! How's the planning for your amazing birthday party going?", "Pretty great. I'm only 27 once so I figured I would go all out! The food is going to be to die for too.", "Exactly what food goes with jugglers and psychics? Hotdogs? Hamburgers? I can't imagine. lol!", "Loads of jello because there's going to be a lot of jiggling if you get my drift.", "Well, I'm certain that everything will be great and I'm so glad that you're getting the exact party that you want. You deserve that, my friend."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I recently moved from the UK to Texas.", "I'm a metal worker.", "I have a son. My son loves to read. I've never taken my son to Barnes and Noble.", "I am divorced. I am fighting my former partner for custody of my son. I am suspicious of my former partner's motives.", "I don't have any pets. I used to own a dog, but my ex-wife took it during the divorce.", "I once had a pet iguana. I fed it lettuce and other veggies.", "I have a brother.  As a child, my brother and I had pet hamsters that were brothers.  The hamsters fought each other and I we had to return my brother's hamster back to the pet store.", "I lie in Texas and know someone with a pet armadillo."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Arizona. I used to live in Texas. I'm a government employee. My job forced me to move away from Texas.", "I skydive.", "Barnes and Noble is my favorite book store.", "I love dogs. I have a pet iguana named Drunky.  I feed him cactus leaves, mangos, and butternut squash. My Iguana Drunky has been with me over 20 years.", "I have a niece.", "I have one Iguana.  I'm not sure if getting another one is good or bad. I think having one Iguana is good."], "current_conv": ["So I just got the news that the judge has awarded me custody of my son!", "Wow that's great, do you think you'll finally take him to Barnes and Noble now? ", "Definitely. I have all kinds of plans for us. I can't wait to buy him tons of books!", "I'm happy for you both! Maybe he can come meet my pet iguana one day. ", "I bet he'd love that! How ole Drunky doing these days?", "He's still just chilling, enjoying heat lamps and warm rocks. What was your iguana like? ", "He was the same. Very mellow. I hear iguanas can be kind of feisty, but not mine. ", "Yeah, they're more like scaly dogs than anything, in my opinion! Do you have any pets now?", "Nope. My ex took the dog and I just haven't been able to bring myself to get another one. I'll see if my son wants a pet wants he gets settled in with me.", "That could be a nice welcoming gift to help him feel at home, I loved puppies when I was a kid. Still do, but I loved them when I was a kid too haha", "That's a good idea. I'm going to start looking around for a rescue puppy. Maybe I can surprise him!", "I'm glad I could give you the idea! I'll love to see how he reacts if you do get one. How old is your son by the way?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, where are you from?", "Hello, my lizard and I currently reside in arizona, you?", "I just moved from the uk to the united states recently. I now live in texas.", "Nice! I used to live there, but I'm a government employee, I go where they tell me.", "I moved to texas because I'm a metal worker and there is work here.", "Understandable, I once skydived at a place outside of houston.", "Unfortunately I had no choice because I need to financially support my only child..", "Do you like to take your child to barnes and noble? It's my favorite.", "He does love to read. I haven't yet but I will soon.", "You really should. Do you have any pets?", "No but I used to have a dog but my wife took it when I divorced her.", "I love dogs, it's only drunky and I. He's an iguana."], ["I just found out my ex is suing to get custody of my son. She still lives in the UK, so it will be very bad if she wins.", "I am so sorry to hear that... how long do these lawsuit typically take?", "Who knows! They want to drag it on and on!", "I know, a friend of mine had went through a 3 year ordeal.. i hope yours won't drag too long. I bet your son is super close to you, it would be a disater for him to leave you.", "Oh he would be crushed. She honestly is just using him as a pawn. I hope the judge can see that!", "I sure hope things will brighten up on your side! Maybe it's time to get another pet! My pet is the biggest cheerleader i tell you", "Ha, i was just about to change the subject to your iguana, i need some joy in my life. Hows Drunky doing", "Drunky has been good. You won't believe what he did the other day....", "Oh geez, tell me about it please!", "He managed to photobombed my niece birthday party twice... yea we let him out for with a crowd of kiddos and he was lucky to be still alive. but man, those pictures were hilarious lol", "Haha I bet that was great. I had one as a kid who loved our family but anyone else he would whip his tail at them!", "Those must have been great memories! btw has your son ever asked you for another dog?"], ["What do you usually feed Drunky?", "Every day Drunky gets to eat cactus leaves, mangos, and butternut squash. He is very well-fed! Did you feed your iguana similar things back when you had one?", "Wow, that's a great diet that Drunky has.  I mostly fed mine lettuce and other familiar vegetables.  They probably would have lived longer with Drunky's diet.  How long have you had Drunky?", "I've had him over twenty years, if you can believe it! And I'm hoping we'll be together at least twenty more.  I have heard that some iguanas can live up to sixty years!", "Wow, I had no idea they could get THAT old.  That's like a lifelong partner.  Have you ever considered getting another iguana or are you happy with just the one?", "Well because I love iguanas so much, I have definitely thought about getting another one. I also think Drunky would like the companionship of having another iguana to live with. But I'm hesitant to get one also, because I'm afraid Drunky would be jealous and teritorial. I'm not sure if it would turn out good or bad.", "Yes, it's nice to think of adding a companion your pet gets along with.  But if they don't get along it can be a nightmare.  As a child my brother and I got pet hamsters.  The hamsters were actually brothers, but they fought so much they almost killed each other and we had to take my brother's back to the pet store.", "Okay, so I see you understand my dilemma. It is probably best not to bring another iguana into the house. I think Drunky is happy just the way it is right now. Did people in the UK ever have pet iguanas, as far as you know?", "Yes, there are definitely people in the UK with iguanas, other lizards, snakes, and all of those types of animals.  I think they're more common in the U.S., but probably not by too much.  What's the most exotic pet you've ever known about?  I know someone here in Texas with a pet armadillo.", "Oh that's crazy!  I know in some parts of Texas you can see lots of armadillos on the highways that have been crushed by cars, so it is nice that the person you know is saving the life of at least one of them!  The most exotic pet I've ever heard about was a rare species of parrot that it was believed that there were less than twenty of them alive anywhere in the world!", "Wow, that's incredible.  In that household you'd have to be really careful to make sure you didn't sit on it, or open a window and have it fly away!", "You got that right. As unbelievable as it might sound, the person who bought it paid over one hundred thousand dollars, so I think it is safe to assume they are not doing anything that would let the bird be hurt or to let it escape!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I hike.", "I have a pet parrot named Tasha. Tasha's birthday is next week. I'm having a birthday party for my pet.", "I have red hair and fair skin. I wear sunscreen. I used to have purple hair. I am considering dying my hair blue.", "I'm a vegetarian. I drink Sprite, but I don't bring it camping. I like seeing new places. I went camping this past weekend. I enjoy fishing, swimming, and hiking.", "I have been to New York City. I have not been to Central Park in NYC,."], "partner_persona": ["I have blue hair. I recently bought a pretty dress.", "I'm taking a trip to an out-of-town park for spring break.", "I like to eat meat.", "Next week is my birthday. My mom bought me a new Ford Fusion hybrid car for my birthday. I am having a hard time learning about charging my new car.", "I have a job.", "I bought a lime green dress with black trim.", "I am going to take a trip to Central Park in New York City."], "current_conv": ["My neighbor said she would watch my pet if you can swing by this far out I would go to NYC with you.", "Yes, I have no probably coming that far. I rather come get your so I don't have to go by myself.", "Great! So when should I be expecting you? It should be fun", "I will be leaving my house in about 30 minutes. So I should be at your house in about an hour. Is that a good time for you?", "Sure, that sounds good to me. I will prepare us something to eat. Do you like veggie burgers?", "Never had one, but I can try it. Don't know if I will like them or not?", "I think you'll like it. They are pretty tasty. Have you tried much vegetarian cuisine?", "I do it eat some, but not as much as I should. What is your favorite vegetarian meal?", "My favorite would have to be Indian food. I just love the variety of spices they use. But I can never make it taste as good at home.", "It is always better when someone makes it for you. The taste of not having to make it yourself.", "Haha, true I guess. But I don't mind cooking, I even find it fun sometimes. I assume you don't like cooking?", "I don't mind it, but like you said always seems to not be as good when I make it. Well, I should be going so I can get the stuff together for the trip."], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you? I just got back from a hike.", "Doing great! Next week will be my birthday. How about you?", "Well, my parrot tasha's birthday is this week :) got any special plans?", "Happy birthday tasha! Yes, for spring break I am taking a trip! Are you doing anything fun?", "Might go camping, weather's better. Gotta watch the sunscreen though; red hair, fair skin.", "Hiking is cool! Just got my hair dyed blue, and got a pretty dress because it's easter.", "Blue is pretty! I used to have purple hair. Where's your trip to?", "A park out of town, so I can get fresh air and relax. Purple is my favorite!", "Being vegetarian definitely makes camping easy. No sprite though, it attracts bees :(.", "I don't know if I could give up meat for long. What's your favorite part of camping?", "I like to see new places. Are you going to a state or national park?", "National park. I get to drive my new car my mom bought for my birthday!"], ["What kind of car did you get?", "I got a Ford Fusion. It\u2019s a hybrid and gets really good gas mileage. It\u2019s a green car too like I always wanted. Want me to stop over and show it to you?", "That sounds great. You should definitely come over! You can finally meet Tasha!", "I would love to. I hear her birthday is next week too! Do you get her any treats? I can bring one over for her birthday present from me.", "Oh she'd love that! I did get her some treats, but they are a surprise. I'm having a few friends over for a little party for her. You can come over and we can celebrate your birthday too!", "I can wear my new dress I got. You should see it! It really goes well with my hair.", "I've been meaning to ask you about which dress you picked out. I was camping all weekend and totally forgot. I thought about going blue with my hair, but I'm not sure if it would look good.", "I think it would. I really liked when you had purple. Not to say it looks bad now, it looks great, but the purple really brought out your eyes and gave you a special glow.", "Aww you're so sweet! I just love the blue hair that you have and I'm thinking I want something like that. I don't mean to copy you, but blue is my favorite color.", "I\u2019d be honored if you did the same color. How was camping? I forgot you were doing that last weekend. The weather was beautiful for it.", "It was great! I'm so sorry you already had plans. Maybe you can go with us next time? There were 10 of us all together. We had a ton of fun fishing, swimming, hiking, etc.", "I had to work but next time I\u2019ll make sure I\u2019m off."], ["How do you like the new car? Are you running into any problems recharging it yet?", "I love the new car, but there is certainly a learning curve when it comes to recharging the vehicle.", "Oh well its great to hear that you are loving the car,What color was the pretty dress you brought?", "I bought a lime green color with black rims, its awesome looking!", "Yeah i bet! That is a nice choice of color for you rims.where are you going for your trip to a out of town park?", "I am heading down to New York City, so that I can go to Central Park. Have you ever been?", "No i never been to a central park in new york, but i have visited new york city before.", "Wow, you should really go, it is a beautiful place! I think that you would really have a nice time, especially during the summer months."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love rock music.", "I have two moms. Both my moms are nurses.", "My favorite food is Jell-o. I won $1003 in a Jell-o eating contest.", "I love AC/DC.", "My parents did a great job raising me.  My parents taught me to care for others.", "I am not in a committed relationship.", "I like to cook. My family has made spanish food for generations. "], "partner_persona": ["I have red hair, which I'm teased about at work. I want to quit my job. I'm a hard worker.", "Old-school punk rock is my favorite music genre.", "I cook out on the weekends.", "I have a family.", "I often cry while holding Jell-o. I also love Jell-O.", "I like to make home cooked meals. I can cook enchiladas.I like to mexican food like enchiladas.", "I enjoy rock and roll music from the 1970s and 1980s."], "current_conv": ["You actually got front row tickets to an AC/DC concert? How'd you'd pull that off!? ", "I found a way as much as I love rock. I know you love AC/DC too so I'll tell you how. I managed to score some by standing in line for 3 hours. It was horrible but totally worth it.", "I know this may sound weird but I love waiting in long lines for the thing you want. I'm glad to hear that you ended up getting that ticket though. Can you imagine waiting that long only for the tickets to be sold out?", "Oh in my time I've had it happen. It's a major bummer to wait all that time and then leave empty handed. It's part of trying to get into concerts though. What concerts have you been to?", "Well you know I love AC/DC - I've definitely gone to a couple of theirs. I've also been to a Pink Floyd concert because a friend had extra tickets.", "I have to say that you've got some pretty good taste in music my friend. I've probably been to around 35 concerts all together.", "Wow! That's quite the number. Are your ears still functioning?", "So far so good! They weren't always the best seats. Sometimes front row and other times in areas where you gotta look at a screen to see the band. I don't really go anymore these days though.", "Having a family will do that. Maybe when your kids are older, the live concerts can be a thing for your family to enjoy together.", "I'd be glad to take them to one. My wife went to one with me before and she loved it. Still, she said it was too loud for her.", "Haha! Of course it is. They say it's good practice to bring ear plugs. Otherwise some serious damage can happen over time. You watch out too!", "It is a good idea if you are up close. I don't need a hearing aid so I'm doing good right now. If you find yourself a nice lady, make sure you take her ok? Ladies do love a rocker!"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how was your day?", "Bad! I want to quit work. Tired of being called a ginger at my job :(.", "Sorry take a cool music it make you feel good.", "I am into old punk, my favorite genre. What do you like?", "Okay I love to listen to rock music.", "Weekends I cook out, fire up my grill and some old punk or rock music.", "I dont really cook I have two mothers.", "2 mothers? What do they do for a living?", "They are both nurse luckily for me.", "Like I said, I want to quit my job, but I need to support my family.", "Its good familyshould be the first in every thing.", "I work very hard, just tired of being called names. Specially ginger.", "Bad! Do you love jello that is my favourite food.", "I cry every day with a cup of jello in my hands."], ["I won $1003 in a Jell-o eating contest!", "Woo!!! Hey, maybe you could take your moms to a concert! I hear AC/DC is in town next week.", "I do love AC/DC. That would be a great way to spend the extra money. Jell-O is life", "True that. I can't imagine a life without that low calorie sugary deliciousness. Ah, it makes me sad to even think about that. Tell me something to break me out of this jello depresso.", "Hmmm, how about your fiery red hair? I cant' believe you get made fun of for it! Red hair is so awesome", "Right?! It hurts to not be appreciated for the divinely beautiful being that I am. Maybe I'll start over and become a nurse. I'd have your moms to show me the ropes.", "Nursing is so tough. They did a great job raising me though. They definitely taught me to care for others.", "That is something to think about. I can tell! You're going to make some man/woman very happy on the day you decide to finally settle down.", "Aw shucks, thanks!  You might make a great nurse. It's a hard job, but with you being so willing to put in the hard work, I think you'd be great.", "So inspiring. I'm glad to have you as my friend. I'm seriously going to consider it. I deserve to feel good about my job. Hey, how about you come over this weekend for a home cooked meal?", "That sounds great! I'd be happy to bring dessert, but don't worry, I won't share my favorite :)", "Always so thoughtful <3. That's smart too because you probably don't want tears all over your enchiladas."], ["I picked up all the groceries I need to make those enchiladas for you.", "Such a good friend! I have a feeling that these enchiladas are going to be life changing.", "They will be! I have used my grandma's secret recipe in it, and both of my moms approved of it!", "AHHHH so wholesome. I really love your family. I'll make sure there are some servings left for your moms.", "It's fine you don't need to hold back, I'll make sure to buy plenty and make extra so you can also save some for the next day! Also what other food do you enjoy?", "Yay! I was thinking that a huge batch of strawberry Jell-o would hit the spot after all those enchiladas.", "Oh do you like the strawberry flavor? I also have some other flavor at home, I think I have some lemon and apple flavors left, and I can also use those if you want.", "Haha how about all three? It'll make for a memorable meal.", "Sure thing! I'll arrange a giant cakes made from all these jellos, that'll be such a sight to behold!", "I'm already drooling! Thanks for all you do. I'll find a way to reward you.", "Oh what would that be! I am so excited for the surprise reward!", "Ok I'll let out the surprise! 4 front row tickets to an AC/DC concert!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I recently divorced my wife. I'm a U.S. Marines veteran. I am not in a relationship at the moment.", "I have two pet snakes.", "I like both snorkeling and scuba diving. I know how to swim and scuba dive. I visited Puget Sound and scuba dived there. I like how deep and vast the ocean is under the water.", "I love the beach. I've visited Hawaii three times. I only visited the big island.", "I am relatively short in height.", "I am going to Hawaii with my conversation partner. I want us to bring dates to Hawaii.", "I have never done on line dating.", "I like dogs."], "partner_persona": ["I play basketball.", "My mom is a certified scuba diver. My mom used to live in Canada.", "I am relatively short in height.", "My dad is still alive and he owns a truck.", "I don't particularly enjoy scuba diving.", "I went to Hawaii and went snorkeling there. I am going to Maui in the near future. The last time I went to Hawaii, I went to the big island.", "I am not in a relationship at the moment.", "I don't know where to find a date. I have never done on line dating. I have only dated people I or my friends know.", "I don't mind snorkeling. I have a phobia of deep water. I worry about the oxygen tank malfunctioning while scuba diving.", "I like dogs and cats."], "current_conv": ["I think I found us a couple dates of all things through the travel agency.", "OH yeah? Tell me about it!", "Well, they suggested going to Europe, somewhere like Paris or London. What do you think?", "I thought Hawaii was the plan?", "Well, it was initially. But recently I've been thinking it'd be amazing to go to Europe. Is that too crazy?", "Depends on if you still wanted to scuba I guess.", "I think we could still scuba dive. Actually, maybe Greece would be a good option. I've heard there is good scuba diving there.", "ohh. I've heard it's beautiful there. That might work. Did they give you any prices?", "It would be around $2000 for 10 days. But hey, may our dates will pay for us.", "Good luck with that. LOL. I can't even find one yet.", "I bet there are a lot of singles in Greece just waiting to get to know us. Don't you think?", "Maybe you? Definitely not me. "], "history_conv": [["United states marine veteran here who just divorced his wife.", "Thank you for your service. I hope you're doing alright.", "Doing fine. Playing with my two sweet pet snakes.", "Oh, awesome. I just got back from shooting some hoops..", "Sounds fun. My fav is scuba diving.", "My mom is certified too, she moved here from canada to be by the beach.", "Beaches are fun. I've traveled to hawaii three times and love the beach.", "I loved hawaii, I finally wasn't the shortest person around anymore.", "I'm short, too, so I know what you mean.", "Try bring the short guy who loves basket ball!", "Oh that is quite an interesting thought.", "I'm so short that I can't drive my dad's truck because the seats don't adjust. Lol.", "I'm sorry to hear that. What a pain.", "It makes flying easier. You travel much?"], ["I scuba dived in Puget Sound yesterday. Holy moly, is that water cold!", "That sounds exhilarating... I bet you loved it! My mom lives to scuba dive it seems lol", "Haha, has she found anything interesting on her dives?", "To be honest I don\u2019t share her passion for scuba diving but I love to listen to her going on and on about it. I\u2019ve given it a shot but it\u2019s really not my thing.", "Yeah it can be a bit disorienting for some. Maybe snorkling is more your thing? Did you get to when you went to hawaii?", "You\u2019re so right... I do enjoy snorkeling. In fact I have a trip to Maui coming up...", "Now im jealous haha. Going solo?", "Yup... that\u2019s how it is right now. Are you ready to start dating again?", "Eh it is what it is at this point. Hey maybe I can tag along with you like old times!", "I would love that. Which island is your favorite in Hawaii?", "Ive only been to the big island when I went. I wanted to go to the others though but never made the day trips", "My last trip was to Big Island as well... I hope you\u2019re on for Maui ... here we come woohoo"], ["I was thinking, maybe we should try to find some dates to bring with us to Hawaii? I bet that would be a good way to reinvigorate our love lives!", "It couldn't hurt, that's for sure. But I have no idea where to find a date these days. Have you ever done the online thing?", "No, I've never. Have you?", "Nah, I'm always afraid I'll wind up with some nutjob who lies about everything. I've always dated people I've either known myself or friends of friends.", "Oh I see. Have you had any dating experiences in Hawaii before?", "Not yet, haha. But I'm open. Say, do you think you'll want to scuba dive during our trip? I'm not huge on scuba so I was thinking I may just snorkel.", "I'm personally fine with either, though we could snorkel if you prefer that. Was there a specific experience which made you not a fan of scuba?", "Well, I'm kind of phobic about deep water, to be honest. There's something about not being able to easily touch the bottom of the ocean floor that creeps me out. That and I'm paranoid the oxygen tank won't work right.", "That makes sense, haha. I kind of like the fact that it's so deep and vast though. Do you like animals though? I love my pet snakes to death.", "Yeah, I like some kinds. The tropical fish in Hawaii are gorgeous. And I like dogs and cats, like most normal people, haha.", "Dogs for the win, haha. Has your mom ever tried to convince you to go scuba diving with her, considering she's certified?", "Definitely, she's tried many times, haha. It's always been a big no."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a favorite sweat suit.", "I am an eyewear designer. I have red hair. I am a man.", "I like to shop. I enjoy staying up on current events.", "It's tough for me to get away from work for a vacation.", "I recently bought a very comfortable neckpillow.", "I'm hoping to go to Seattle for an eyewear design conference.", "I will has booked a trip to Seattle. I will will book a trip to Seattle by the end of the month. I will would like to visit the space needle."], "partner_persona": ["I work as a gator hunter. I have been in trouble with the law, which makes it difficult for me to find work. An alligator once tried to chew on me.", "I love cars. I love road trips. I'm saving to buy a 1981 Camaro.", "I don't like cities. I own an air boat, which I ride on swamps.", "I love the outdoors.", "I have a neckpillow, and I love it for traveling and relaxing.", "I want to go to Big Sur.", "I visited Seattle when I was a kid. I likes the water.", "I likes alligators. I likes shopping."], "current_conv": ["I finished all my eyewear designs and I was able to get time off work!", "That's really great that you finally get some time off! Are you still planning to go to Seattle?", "I know right, I'm so glad I won't have to think about work for a bit. I'm actually in the process of choosing a hotel at the moment! I'm really excited. Do you have any trips planned?", "I think you're going to love it there - I went there as a kid and I remember I had a great time. Nowadays I prefer the great outdoors! I haven't booked it yet but I really want to go to Big Sur this year. ", "I'm beginning to enjoy the great outdoors much more than I did when I was younger; I do like city breaks but every now and then it's great to be out in the fresh air with stunning views. The Big Sur is meant to be a beautiful place, I hope you are able to go. I've never actually been to California before!", "I really hope so too - I'd book it right away if I had the money! It's a long story but I've had trouble finding work lately. I'm okay for money but I'm saving up for my dream car so I have to balance that with potential trips! You'd love California, maybe we can go there together sometime if you can get the time off work!", "I'm sorry to hear that; what kind of work are you looking for ideally? I hope you are able to find something soon. Hopefully you'll get the job, get the dream car and then yeah let's think about a California road trip!!", "I'm a gator hunter. It's hard to get the licence though, I got into a bit of trouble with the law last year. I have a backup plan though, I'd love to get a job working with cars. I'm totally up for that road trip!", "Haha well maybe if you get a job with cars you might be able to get a discount on your dream car! I'm sure something will come up, even if you have to work a job which isn't the most ideal for a while! Out of interest, what would your dream car be? ", "A 1981 Camaro! My father had one when he was young so it means a lot to me. I've been saving up for one for years! You're right, maybe I could get a discount if I work with cars. I will keep my fingers crossed!", "Oh wow, what a classic! I know that color isn't everything but what color would you like it to be? I'm looking at some on Google images; some seem to have a stripe down the side, or a different color on the hood.", "I'd love a blue one, or maybe white with a blue stripe. But they are quite hard to get hold of these days so I would probably take any colour I could find!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there! What\u2019s going on?", "Just finished wrangling some gators today, you?", "Nothing that exciting! Chilling at home in my favorite sweatsuit.", "After awhile it almost feels like a normal job, what do you do?", "Eyewear designer. Been wearing them since I was a skinny little redhead boy.", "Sounds nice, what do you do for fun?.", "Go shopping and lee up on current events. What do you do for work?", "Gator hunter, not many places will take me after my run in with the law.", "Everyone deserves a second chance! Do you like to travel?", "Yeah, love cars and car trips, saving up for a 81'camaro. You?", "Sweet ride! Travel would be great but it\u2019s tough to get away from work. Favorite vacation spot?", "Anywhere quiet, not a fan of cities. Sometimes I'll take my air boat to a swamp..", "Sounds awesome, I need to get away and enjoy all that nature has to offer.", "I'm the same way, love the outdoors."], ["Have you ever had a gator bite you?", "One tried to chew on me, but I wouldn't classify it as a bite. Almost like when a dog is growling/playing with you... It's a very interesting profession - never a dull day. It must be interesting to design eyewear, fashion is always changing - must be hard to keep up.", "Ah, eyewear isn't nearly as exciting as what you do but it's still hard work. I'd love to take a ride on your airboat sometime. I'm sure it's fun to watch you play with a gator.", "Anytime! I'd love the company. People are less interested in gators than you'd think. They get a bad rap. Have you bought any amazing items recently? I've seen lots of sales lately.", "They're surely not all child eating monsters, right? Yeah I recently bought the most comfortable neckpillow I have ever owned. I am so ready for a vacation.", "Not all of them, anyways. Is it a memory foam one? I have one and it's awesome - making traveling and relaxing much easier. Have you decided where you want to go?", "It is! Comfort is essential no matter where you are. There's an eyewear design conference in Seattle that I've had my eye on for a while now. I hope I have time to explore the city after the conference. Hmm... Maybe we could go on a road trip there? I know you don't like the city but I think it would be fun.", "That sounds fun. Anytime I can get in my car, crank the tunes and get some miles on the roads in - I am usually done for it. I love driving and the road - makes me feel free!", "Awesome! I'm excited for the day that you can finally get your Camaro. It might not be the best for road trips but I can see you cruising around and having a blast.", "Not great on the gas, true! But it'll be fun for smaller roadtrips. Big Sur would be fun with it, zipping around the corners with those gorgeous views.", "That sounds heavenly. I need to make some time to get away from work so I can be there for the maiden voyage. That's a memory to treasure forever.", "Life is too short to work all the time - remember that! Take some time for you, you won't regret it."], ["I decided to book that Seattle trip! Any chance you can join me?", "I would love to! i need to get away for a while, there are some great roads out there, we could rent a car and go driving! when is your trip booked?", "I plan to book by the end of this month", "oh great, then we can talk about dates! summer is the perfect time to visit seattle. a lot of outdoorsy stuff we could do. where would you want to visit?", "I would like to visit the space needle. It must be an eye catching thing and what about you?", "it certainly is. i visited when i was a kid, and it was pretty amazing. i would love to visit Pike Place Market for some fresh fish. i hear there is a pretty cool tour you can go on that takes you right into the water, too! you've got me really excited talking about this trip, now we have to book it! how were you able to get the time off work?", "Oh really ! but this is my first time I'm going to see the space needle. I even don't know about Pike Place Market and I'm very eager to visit these places with you and we should book as soon as possible.  Getting time off from work is little difficult but anyhow I need to spend some time for myself right.", "yep, it has to be a priority. good for you. it sounds like we will both be using our neck pillows soon, i can't wait. although, there are no alligators up in seattle. i dont know what i am going to do! will you be able to take me shopping and show me some of your fashion sense?", "You would be enjoying more if there are gators. Sure I'm very excited to go shopping with you and show you the eyewear design. Once my conference is over we will be having great fun in Seattle I hope.", "I think so. Then we can be off and planning our next trip to Big Sur! perhaps we can make it a yearly thing to take a trip together. then at least we would have something to look forward to every year"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Florida.", "My husband and I co-own a sign business. I work as a travel agent.", "I have a cat. I'm an animal lover.", "I like the NY Mets team. I went to a New York Mets game last week. I've been a baseball fan since I was a kid. I grew up watching the Mets on TV. I hadn't been to a live game until last week.", "I'm not a big football fan. I want to try watching football.", "I have never seen the Cowboys play live.", "We usually go to the Bahamas or the Virgin Islands on vacation."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a restaurant.", "My favorite football team is the Dallas Cowboys. I'm excited to watch the Cowboys play the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.", "I don't care for baseball.", "I live with my grandparents. I have no pets. I live in an apartment.", "I live in the midwest. My grandparents own a farm. My grandparents keep pigs and cows and one horse. Their horse, Bucky, is twelve years old."], "current_conv": ["So whereabouts in the midwest are you living at the moment?", "I'm actually living in Minnesota right now, but I go into Wisconsin for work. I'd love to visit Florida sometime. Do you like living there?", "Yes, I do. It's great here. Do you like the beach?", "Honestly I'm not sure! I've only ever been to the lakes region, so I've never been to a beach on the ocean. I love swimming, though. Do you visit the beach often, being so near to it?", "At least once a week. You should really visit the beach!", "Maybe I will someday! It would take me so long to drive there, though. I'd have to fly. I", "Do you like to fly?", "I've actually never been on a plane before! Do you take a plane when you go on vacation to the islands? I've always wondered if it's scary, being so high up there.", "I do. I've flown many times. It's not scary at all.", "I'm so scared of heights, I'm not sure if I would do well. Do you have any big fears like that?", "I'm very afraid of the dark.", "Oh, wow, really? Did something happen when you were a kid or something?"], "history_conv": [["Good morning!.", "Hey, what's up?", "Working unfortunately lol. But it's beautiful here today in florida.", "I'm working too! Want a freshly baked pizza? What do you do?", "My husband and I own a sign business and I am also a travel agent.", "I'd like to book a trip to see the cowboys sonetime.", "I don't watch football much anymore but I would like to go see the mets in nyc.", "I feel the same about baseball.", "Do you have any pets? I have one cat.", "Nah, I live with my grandparents and they don't like animals.", "I love animals. Always have..", "Yeah, maybe someday when I move out of this tiny apt."], ["I went to go see the Mets in NYC last week.", "Oh really? How was the experience?", "It was fantastic, I loved baseball as a kid and always watched the Mets play on TV but never got to see a game in person, and I finally did, it's a childhood dream come true.", "That is fantastic! I am so happy for you!", "Honestly I don't like football but I'm just curious have the Dallas Cowboys played a game recently? I remember you really like them and heard that they played.", "They are playing the Bucs in September!", "Sweet might watch that, all my friends have been talking about them recently don't know why. You might since you're such a big fan of them.", "Yes I am very excited about that particular game and this upcoming season!", "What's so special about the Bucs, are they like the Dallas Cowboys' rivals or something like that?", "They were the Super Bowl champions last year!", "So that's why they're so popular, my interest is piqued. Despite me not liking football I might actually enjoy it!", "You should definitely give it a chance!"], ["Do you go watch the Cowboys play live often?", "I do every chance that I get! If the game is on, you can bet I'm watching it! Have you ever watched them?", "Only on TV! I still prefer baseball, but maybe I'll switch over to the dark side. Do you live in Dallas?", "Sadly no, otherwise you could bet I'd be at every home game.", "Haha I can only imagine how much of a superfan you'd be! Whereabouts do you live?", "I live in the midwest. My grandparents own a farm, so when I'm not at the restaraunt I'm usually helping with the animals.", "Oh that sounds lovely! What sorts of animals do your grandparents have?", "Mostly pigs and cows. There is one horse, Bucky, but as you can tell by his name- he's not very fond of giving rides.", "Ha! That's such a cute name! How long have they had Bucky?", "He's around twelve years old. So he's not terribly old, but he acts like he is.", "Aww I'd love to meet Bucky! Maybe when I have some vacation time I'll take my husband out there. We usually go to the Bahamas or the Virgin Islands on vacation, but a change of scenery might be a good idea.", "The midwest is nice and calm. You'd definitely be welcome to come and visit. What are the bahamas like? I always wanted to go."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite breakfast is poached eggs.", "My favorite thing to do for fun is sunsets and walks.", "My home is on the 32nd floor. I am scared of heights. I rent, not own, my living space.", "I avoid looking at windows because of my fear of heights.", "I don't have pets. I am scared of dogs. I work as a plumber. I make good money.", "I live in a city near the Blue Ridge mountains.  I own a car.", "I am moving.", "I have a gym membership. I powerlift."], "partner_persona": ["My breakfast was eggs and bacon. My favorite way to make eggs is poached.", "My favorite thing to do for fun is going to the gym and rock climbing. I am not afraid of heights.", "I have a dog and 2 cats.", "My dog helps me see without glasses. I have horrible vision. I am almost blind, but not fully. I live alone.", "I enjoy outdoor activities."], "current_conv": ["I finally found a new place to move to, and I will only be on the 3rd floor!", "Wow, that's so exciting! When will you be moving in?", "I hope to be moving in, in 3 weeks.  I think the 3rd floor will be better than the 32nd.  That was just too high for me.", "True, but I'm sure the view was amazing. Do you have someone to help you move all your stuff?", "Yeah, I hired a team to help come and move a lot of the stuff.  I work out, but I don't think I can do it all by myself.  Have you done any fun outdoor activities lately?", "Oh that's great. That will be a big help for sure. Recently I've been doing some hikes. How about you?", "I've done a few hikes in the mountains.  They can be challenging and exhausting.  But once I get to the top of the trail and get the great views, they're totally worth it!", "Yes, exactly. It's always worth it in the end. I guess it might be hard for you though with your fear of heights.", "Yeah it has been helpful for sure.  Definitely don't think I'm ever going to get over my fear but it has tamed it some.  Definitely don't think I can do rock climbing like you though! Haha I'm sure that's a great workout though!", "It is definitely a great workout and a lot of fun. So, what do you do to keep in shape?", "I mainly spend my time in the gym doing lifting and strength training.  Do you do lifting or anything when you go to the gym?", "I don't really like lifting. I prefer exercise that requires my whole body to move. I find it more fun and engaging, you know?"], "history_conv": [["Good morning, what did you eat for breakfast?", "I ate some eggs and bacon.", "Cool, I ate some poached eggs they are my favorite.", "Oh yeah? That's my favorite way to make them. What do you do for fun?", "I love sunsets, and going for walks, you?", "I like going to the gym, and rock climbing.", "I am scared of heights, and I live on the top of my building, 32nd floor.", "Heights don't much scare me. How do you cope with that?", "I don't look at the windows very much.", "Sounds like a solid plan. I have a dog, and 2 cats. You?", "No pets, I am scared of dogs because I am a plumber.", "That's unfortunate. My dog helps me see without my glasses.", "That is so cool, are you blind?", "Not fully, yet. But my vision is horrible."], ["Are you planning to go to the gym or rock climbing this weekend?", "This weekend is rock climbing. I absolutely love getting out into nature. The sounds and smells make up for the lack of vision. How about you? What are your plans for the weekend?", "I bet you will have a wonderful time! I am hoping to get in a sunset drive near the Blue Ridge mountains. I am looking forward to escaping the city for a bit", "Does the fear of heights not hit as hard if you are in a car?", "No, not at all! I feel quite safe. Plus, it's not like we have to get too close to the edge!", "It is funny how fears work, isnt it? Have you spent any time hiking in the mountains? I bet there are some nice trails out there. I can imagine what the rock climbing scene is like.", "It really is! Now don't get me wrong, I don't usually do any of the driving when we are up in the mountains. THAT is scary! Haha! Yes. There is a huge rock climbing scene. I don't know any of the spots by name though. You should look into it!", "I would love to but dont have anyone to take care of the cats if I am out of town for very long. The dog might like the trip though. Would you like to meet up if I end up out that way? I can try to find somewhere to leave the dog for a little while.", "That sounds like a great idea! Let me know if you are able to find a petsitter. I am not sure how I would do with your dog.", "I will see what I can do. Sometimes I get a little lost without him but I can still get around decently. Too bad there isnt an exercise that helps your vision.", "I tried exposure therapy once, but it didn't really help", "You find ways to deal with it. I can still make my own breakfast, even if the eggs have to be poached, so I am not helpless yet. Have you had any luck finding a new place yet? I am sure you would like to get out of that high-rise!"], ["I have plans to look at a couple of new places this weekend!  They still haven't fixed the elevator in my building.", "Oh man alive, I have no idea how you're making it down from the 32nd floor and back up again every day! That's insanity. Are you at least getting some kind of discount on rent?", "I sure haven't needed to get to the gym in the last 2 weeks, haha. I have been fighting with them about getting me a discount, but I have not had any luck.", "That surprises me because it seems like keeping the elevator working in a high-rise building would be a requirement. Maybe try complaining to the city?", "Yeah, I was thinking of going online and getting the number, I can't imagine that what they are doing is legal. They can't expect someone to hike up and down 30+ flights of stairs.", "Uh yeah no. That's not at all reasonable. I'm sorry, man. So on a better subject, is work still picking up more?", "Yeah, work has been picking up! We just got a huge contract, so my boss has approved overtime for my team. We have been making some good money.", "That's awesome. Do you think you'll use the cash to upgrade your gym membership? I mean, not that you need it now with your elevator situation haha but later, after you move?", "Yeah, I was thinking about it, they have a personalized fitness program that I can add on to my current gym membership. I wonder if it is a good idea?", "I've had one of those in the past. I think it's a good add -- lots of tips on meal prep, nutrition, all that jazz.", "I would like to start training for a powerlifting competition, so I would like for them to help me with that goal.", "Oh cool, when is that happening? I'd be glad to come cheer you on."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I study marketing, but want to design.", "I live in Florida. I live by the beach.", "I play baseball.", "I am thinking of getting a Smart car.", "My friends want to buy pictures of a polar bear.", "I have never been to Alaska. I would love to go to Alaska.", "I live where it can be 100 degrees in the summer."], "partner_persona": ["I want to retire near a beach.", "I lived 3 years in Alaska.", "I have blonde hair and blue eyes.", "I do not like sports,my parents did though.", "I find my Smart car comfy.", "I live in Alaska because of my work. I am not used to the cold in Alaska. I want to retire somewhere sunny.", "My Smart car saves me gas money.", "I find driving in slush scary sometimes. I try to not drive when there is a snowstorm.", "I think Alaska's weather is bizarre. I have seen a polar bear.", "I love Alaska in the summer. I plan to move somewhere warmer than Alaska some day. I find winters in Alaska tough and summers magical.", "I am thinking about selling my small car. My Smart car is not practical in winter in Alaska.", "I have to work all winter."], "current_conv": ["I would like to buy your smart car I could fly one way and drive it home.", "Yeah I would definitely consider selling it to you as it's not ideal around here with the sort of weather we have.", "No I bet it isn't it would be ideal for me though here in Florida. Maybe you could send some pictures of it over to me so I can have a look.", "Yeah sure no problems at all I could use something with a bit more power to get me through the bad weather here.", "A good 4 wheel drive car is what you want with a big engine. I don't think I could stick all the cold weather you have there.", "Yeah that is what I need. I'm not a big fan of the cold weather I would love to move somewhere warmer I bet the weather is great where you are?", "It's lovely and warm here most of the time. I love it here and a little smart car would be ideal for me to get around.", "I will have to search for work somewhere warmer that's all that is keeping me here is my job..", "Do you have anywhere in paticular you were thinking of moving to?", "No not really just somewhere warmer that I can get a decent job.", "I would get on some job searching sites then and see what you can find maybe something here in Florida.", "Yeah the weather is good there, I will have to start looking to see what I can find."], "history_conv": [["Good morning. I am luciano. How are you?", "I'm good, I would like to retire on a beach someday, would you?", "Oh yes!! Right now I am studying marketing, but want to be an ad designer.", "Really, where are you from. I lived in alaska for three years.", "I bet alaska has lots of seafood..i love seafood. Florida for me.", "My blonde hair and blue eyes would seem a little out of place in florida.", "Lol!! Do you like sports? Baseball is my favorite to play.", "Not much of a sports fan, although my parents who were from the north were.", "What part of the north? Do you know any other languages. I love learning new ones.", "I'm not very smart, but I do own a smart car that is small.", "Cool. Doing your part for the environment? Nice talking to you today.", "Yes indeed it was nice to talk to someone new."], ["How's the Smart car?  I'm thinking of getting one but I'm not sure they are comfy to drive.", "it's pretty comfy like regular cars, im liking it so far. how's life in Florida going for you these days?", "It's very humid, sunny, and wonderful. I like being by the beach. How do you get used to how cold it is in Alaska? Do you have to wear protective clothing?", "im still not used to the cold here lol, but have to be here for my work. can't wait to retire somewhere sunny", "Where would you go after retirement? I heard areas closer to the equator are warmer. Is it better to have a smart car in Alaska than a gas fueled one?", "maybe Florida, who knows, anywhere that has sunshine all year round! and yah it does save me some gas money", "That's good! Is it hard getting around in Alaska? I bet it's scary driving in all of the snow and ice. I would be very nervous. I don't blame you for wanting to move somewhere sunny. I don't think I would be able to move somewhere without a beach. It's beautiful.", "yah it can be scary driving int he slush sometimes. i try not to drive when there's a snowstorm or anything", "Are blizzards really common where you are? I heard some of Alaska isn't too bad and it's bright quite a lot. I also heard it can get really dark when it's around the winter season. I've always been curious how hard it is to survive in Alaska.", "the weather can get bizzare here, you probably wouldn't like it here either lol, outdoor basketball is certainly out of the question", "I guess baseball would be out of the question. Have you ever seen a polar bear since living there? I don't think I'd be good at driving there either. I'd have to learn, again.\\", "oh yes, forgot i did see one, it's very cute and majestic lol"], ["I told my friends you saw a polar bear and several of them said if you can get pictures they would buy some.", "I will try next time I am out on an exploration! It is very difficult to get photos. You don't want to stay close by for long, so if you see a polar bear you have to focus on staying away.", "That would be great! I can't imagine seeing one not in a zoo! Did you get very close to the one that you saw?", "No I did not. It was far away but I was able to identify it anyway. Have you ever been to Alaska?", "No, I would love to go there. What season would be best for visiting?", "I love summer in Alaska! It is beautiful and there is so much to see and do. I will eventually move somewhere warmer (maybe Florida close to you!) because winter is tough here, but summers are magical. You will not be disappointed.", "That sounds beautiful! How warm does it get in the summer? I'm guessing not 100 like here in Florida sometimes!", "No it does not get that warm. We have nice warm summers but it does not get too hot. Are you still thinking of getting a smart car? I am debating selling mine.", "I'm still thinking about getting one. Why are you thinking about selling yours?", "It isn't practical for Alaska weather. I enjoy it in the summer but I need something more reliable for winter. It is hard to get around in a Smart Car here. I think you would enjoy it in Florida.", "Thanks for the advice. I'm a little worried about switching to a smart car, so hearing that you were thinking about selling yours already made me a little worried. Has the weather been bad for the smart car lately there in Alaska?", "It is getting better now. I am glad warmer weather is here. I do not enjoy the cold but I have to work here all winter so I don't have a choice!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have never heard of creed.", "I play the drums. I am in a rock band and we have a new single. I have jam sessions in my garage every Saturday night.", "I like to go to the beach.", "My father was an alcoholic.", "I am a songwriter.  I have a friend named Mike. i compose songs for others to write.", "I don't have children.  I'm not sure I want to be a parent.  I am not currently in a relationship. I'm single but actively dating women.", "I want to be a singer.", "I recently lost my job. I'm not currently looking for a job."], "partner_persona": ["MY name is Mark. I like the band creed. I drink alcohol.", "I work as a mechanic. I listen to music at work. I work at a garage.", "I enjoy playing the drums. My drumming skills are on point. I play bongos and other percussion instruments as well as drums.", "My child is due to be born in July. My partner is pregnant with out son. I'm excited about becoming a parent but also nervous.  I want to be a good father.", "I'm going to be a father to a baby boy."], "current_conv": ["Have you thought of a name for your son yet? ", "He's gonna be little Scott! I can't wait until I can say hi to him. ", "Wow! Will you call him Scotty or will you stick to the formal name?", "I think Scott at first, then I'll let him decide what he wants to be called, or if a nickname fits. Drives me nuts when people call me Markus, so I'd prefer to keep it simple haha. But yeah, I've been thinking about the name for a while. Long before we knew we were gonna have him. You ever think about what you'd name kids of yours?", "Maybe something music related? Like Hendrix or Jovi or something like that. Do you think that would cause too many problems in life for a kid, being named after a famous person?", "I'll be honest in saying that Scott Stapp from Creed is a big inspiration for the name, haha. As well as a cousin's. Of course, that name can blend in. But Hendrix and Jovi would be great names. And I mean, shoot, kids aren't gonna be catching the importance of those names on the regular, anyway. I think those can \"blend in\" in that sense, but still be unique and strong.", "Yeah, and maybe they'd sound pretty retro! Though I'm not having kids any time soon. You really do love Creed, don't you! I still can't believe I'm not familiar.", "Oh, I know it's in a weird spot for people. Familiar and corny for some people, and completely unknown by others haha. It's what I grew up with. It gave me a lot of confidence when I needed it. What do you hope your songwriting does for other people?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, what kind of music do you like to listen to?", "Heyyy I'm mark! I've been drinking a little this morning but I like creed the best.", "Huh, I haven't heard much of them. What genre are they?", "They're a rock band I listen to them in the shop. I'm a mechanic.", "Ah, that sounds cool! I actually play drums in a rock band myself.", "I like to play drums myself when I've been drinking.", "Ha, I prefer to drink on the beach where I grew up.", "I want to take my kid to the beach after he is born.", "That sounds wonderful! When is he due?", "In july. Hopefully he won't be alcoholic like me and dad.", "That actually reminds me of a song I wrote about my alcoholic father.", "I would love to hear this song.", "I think it's a great song. I composed it, but my friend mike sang it.", "I'm mark and your friend is mike, that has to mean something."], ["Ive got that song for you to hear ready, let me know when you want to listen?", "Send me the link to the song! I'll listen to it at work tomorrow. Is it a song from your band?", "Yes! Our newest single! Thanks for the support! We need to get together and jam soon.", "You're welcome! I'd love to jam and I'm really on point with my drumming skills lately. When's the next jam session at your garage?", "I usually have people over almost every Saturday night. Why don't you stop by this weekend?! You can check out my drum set.", "I'll be there! I have to work at the garage on Saturday until 5, but I'm free after that. Maybe you could play your drum kit and I'll sit in on percussion like bongos and stuff.", "That works! We can always rotate instruments. My friend has an awesome electric guitar.", "This is going to be killer! I have to get my fun and wild antics in before my son is born! After that, the missus will have me on a tight leash.", "Haha. We'll have to break you out of the house some days! I know you are going to make great parents!", "Right on! I appreciate the compliment. Have you got any kids of your own?", "I don't. I am not sure if parenting life is for me. But who knows! Maybe if I meet the right person some day. Are you excited to be a dad?", "It shouldn't be too hard to pull a hot babe, what with you being a rock star and songwriter. Yes, I'm excited but also terribly nervous. I just want to be a great dad, and I know it's going to be tough."], ["I sent you that copy of my new single..  I'm really excited to hear what you think, particularly about the drumming.", "Nice! I'm excited to give it a listen. Hopefully it arrives soon. Did you write the song too?", "Yup, it was inspired by Creed, I want to be a singer and songwriter.", "I'm glad we are both really into music! When you get famous maybe you can let me play on a few tracks of your album... if you need a bongo guy, I'm your man! LOL", "That would be so awesome lol! My band drinks alot though everytime we celebrate after a gig, I gotta be careful not to end up a alcoholic like my dad", "Yeah that's true. You gotta be a little careful there. But you're a smart guy - I believe in you. Just concentrate on your work!", "Haha thanks, I'm still pissed about getting fired from my job though, so just taking a break and focusing more on dating at the moment, just having some fun", "Nothing wrong with that. I'd be pissed too but also would be super pumped for some time off! You need to get yourself a lady haha", "Haha yah maybe one day I will settle down with a good lady like you. How are you and your partner doing? When is your baby due?", "We're doing pretty good. She's getting a little antsy about having this better - she's ready for our son to be out of her belly that's for sure. Getting more and more nervous though!", "Sounds like an exiting time! Happy for you man. Get your bongo jam sessions in now before the baby comes lol", "Haha right!? Probably won't be able to bang those things for a while after the baby is born. Might have to hit up one of your Saturday jam sessions to get some bongo-ing in!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm from the great lakes area, just south of canada. I think Michigan is a decent place besides flint and detroit. I live near Wisconsin.", "I have a family of honda civics. They are very reliable.", "I know how to work on cars. I want to convert a Volkswagen Beetle into a dune buggy. I am a mechanic. I work on cars and aircraft. I work on single propeller planes."], "partner_persona": ["I drove up to Traverse city once. I have a vw old style beetle. It still has the vase holder. I am partial to vws. I like cars made by Honda. I can do simple car maintenance.", "I recently visited Traverse City and saw Lake Michigan.", "I keeps airplanes in my garage. I do airplane work as a side gig. I do not make enough money to take flying lessons."], "current_conv": ["Business is picking up and I need someone to help me, I can show you the ropes and maybe my partner can help you learn how to fly. ", "That would be terrific!  Is your friend a trained pilot instructor?", "He is! I've been debating on taking lessons myself for quite some time now.", "Maybe we can do it together.  Give each other the courage and motivation to do it.  I think it would be a lot of fun.", "With the shop getting busier the timing would be tight, but I think that it's important I do something for myself. Too much stress can do some serious damage in the long run. Plus, if you agree to help out in the shop in exchange for lessons, I might be under a little less pressure.", "That's a plan!  How long have you had your shop for?  Sounds like a terrific business considering how busy things are.", "I started working there as a teenager so I've been there for quite some time. When the owner was looking to see about 10 years ago, I jumped at the opportunity. I was really young and inexperienced in the business side of things, but I am a fast learner. I'm really looking forward to working with you, I was thinking you could maybe help me get the shop more organized and then work up to taking on some of the simpler repairs.", "Wow, good for you.  I should be able to help with the business side of things since I'm good at record keeping and making sure things are organized.  If there's spare time, perhaps we can also work on my VW Beetle and having you turn it into a dune buggy.", "Definitely! Taking on fun personal projects is one of the best perks of the job. I really think you're going to fall in love with the planes.", "I know I will.  I'm so looking forward to working with you since we have similar interests.  I mean we both like Honda automobiles so we have a shared interest in certain cars.", "Yeah, I really think this will work out great for both of us. I haven't wanted to admit it, but I've been needing some help in the shop for a while. I'd much rather work with someone with shared interests than a random stranger.", "Agreed!  Makes the time go by so much faster.  You sound like a great mechanic, have you been working on cars all your life?"], "history_conv": [["Howdy. How are we doing today?", "Fine as froghair, and you? How are you?", "Going great. I can't say the same for the weather outside - it's pouring right now.", "I'm sorry to hear that. Whereabouts are you from?", "I'm from the midwest- great lakes area just south of canada.", "I did a driving trip up to traverse city once in my vw. Fun times.", "Michigan is a pretty decent place if you exclude cities like flint and detroit slums.", "Every state has its problems. Hopefully things will turn around for them one day..", "Yeah. Some day. That's cool you have a vw. Assuming it's a van or bus?", "Nope, just an old style beetle. Still have the vase holder. What about you?", "Ah, just a family of honda civics here. Reliable and haven't let us down yet!", "Hondas are good cars. Though I have to say I'm partial to vw."], ["I am thinking of going to Wisconsin for a road trip in the Honda Civic.", "That should be a pretty short drive for you. It will be a nice little road trip. Hondas are great cars for road trips since they're so reliable.", "Yes but unfortunately they aren't very comfortable. That's why I'm mostly taking backroads so that I can have fun in the corners. I like the old VW bugs too. How did your trip to Traverse City go?", "Traverse City was cool. I visited a few cool wineries, walked on the dunes at the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore park, and checked out Lake Michigan.", "Have you thought about turning the VW into a sand buggy? That's one of my dream garage projects.", "No, I haven't, but I'm interested in learning more about it. What type of modifications would I need to do?", "Most of the project would be changing the suspension. Aside from that would be with the wheels, safety items like seat belts. I personally would gut the interior so it would be lighter but you could easily leave that alone if you want to keep it original.", "I think I'd have a mechanic do the suspension, but I could handle the wheels and seat belts probably. I'll have to look at some modified VW Beetle sand buggies online.", "Yeah that's a great idea! I've been an automotive and aircraft mechanic for years so I would be more than happy to help. I'm sure I could offer some guidance with parts brands and whatnot. Also I would love to see some pictures of the car!", "If I'm going forward with the project, I'll definitely consult with you and maybe order your professional services. Are you thinking of trading in one of your Civics for a newer model?"], ["I found some spare seat belts in my shop that would be perfect for your dune buggy project.", "Great! Seatbelts are important for off roading.  When can I pick them up?", "Seatbelts in a VW beetle? what is that? lol. I would be free this Thursday, so come on by", "Cool, I will swing by around 2 PM.  Do you happen to have any All Terrain tires also?", "I think I have some in the back but I need to find them. My garage is so disorganized. Maybe you can help me find them when you come by.", "I would, but I will be in a bit of a rush to pick up the kid from school.  I appreciate it though.  Sounds like you could use a bigger garage.", "That is OK, I know generally where they are so I could find them myself. Yea I need a bigger garage. I am tight for space ever since I started working on airplanes too.", "Wow, I can see how airplanes could take up a lot of space.  Are they similar to cars mechanically?", "actually they are easier to work on. Cars nowadays use more electronics. With the single propeller planes the engines are still simple and basic.", "That's great.  I am sure it's a great income booster.  Do you fly yourself?", "It's funny i work on planes but do not know how to fly them. My partner is a pilot so he tests them out.", "Good for him, I always wanted to learn how to fly but never had the money.  Do you own a plane?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a job in food and hospitality.", "I like 21 pilots.", "I walk daily.", "I like to try different food. I like the spicy chicken sandwiches at Burger King. I like the original chicken sandwich.", "I do rock climbing.", "I like McDonald's. I work at McDonald's and receive discounts. I dress in a Hamburglar costume at work. I do not get paid to dress as Hamburglar. I was arrested last month at McDonald's. I have been arrested at my workplace for being violent."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like horror movies.", "my favorite author is John Grisham.", "I like music and I love roses.", "I know how to play hockey.", "My favorite spicy food is tofu drunken noodles.I like any spicy food.", "I work at McDonald's. I work at the drive through. I feel solidarity with other fast food workers.", "I have not tried the spicy chicken sandwich yet. My usual order is the original chicken sandwich.", "I prefer McDonald's over Burger King."], "current_conv": ["My manager told me I could be in line for a promotion as long as I continue behaving appropriately!", "Yeah that is great news keep doing what you are doing then and maybe you will get it.", "I hope so I have been working really hard latley and changing the way I behave trying to better myself.", "That's good to hear it's always nice to hear someone trying to make a change for the better.", "I will get there i'm really working hard on myself. How's work going for you?", "Yeah it's going good I hope if I work hard myself I might get a promotion someday as well.", "I'm sure you will if you work hard enough and keep doing your best.", "Do you eat a lot of McDonalds food as you work there like myself?", "Yeah pretty much everday i'm at work I get my lunch there. It's hard not to when you work there.", "I know what you mean i'm always getting my dinner there when i'm at work. You think you would get fed up of it but you don't lol.", "Yeah I know I have lost count of how many meals I have ate from there lol.", "Yeah same here maybe a change of diet is needed a little bit for us both lol."], "history_conv": [["Nice to meet you! What do your friends know you for?", "Hello! My friends know I'm terrified of horror movies.", "Do you work or enjoy any physical activities?", "Right now I'm working in the fast food restaurant biz.", "Cool, so am I! I work in the food and hospitality business as well.", "Do you have a favorite author? Mine is john grisham.", "Not exactly, I am more into artists and musicians like 21 pilots. Do you like music?", "I do. I also love roses.. Especially the smell of them.", "I encounter roses often when I go on my daily walks which I enjoy alot.", "Oh that sounds lovely!.", "Being in the food industry and an omnivore, I try many foods. Do you?.", "I do as well. I love hot foods.", "Tasty, me too! Especially after I come back home from rock climbing. Do you exercise?", "I do.. I play hockey a few times a week.."], ["You never told me your favorite spicy food.", "I love spicy tofu drunken noodles. Do you like spicy food too?", "Of course, I really like the spicy chicken sandwich at Burger King. Burger King is the best,  I could eat it every night.", "I'm a big lover of food too. I like just about anything spicy. I need to try the chicken sandwich at BK.", "It's weird that I like Burger King so much because I work at McDonald's, but I just can't help myslef.", "I actually work at McDonald's right now too. They don't have a good spicy option for me.", "What job do you do at McDonald's? I dress up as the Hamburglar and steal fries from all the little kids' happy meals.", "Lol. I wish I had that job. I actually work the drive through. Not to exciting.", "Well, I don't exactly get paid to do that. It's more like a hobby, you might say. That's not weird, is it?", "Not at all! We are all a little weird in the fast food business.", "I'm glad to hear you say that. Are you busy next Wednesday? There was  a police thing at a McDonald's last month and I got arrested. I could really use a character witness.", "I will be there. I would protect any of my fast food brothers and sisters."], ["Did you get a chance to try that spicy chicken sandwich yet?", "No, I haven't tried it yet? is it any good?", "It's pretty good! It's hot but not tooo hot, just the right amount of juicy chicken spice", "That sounds good! I usually order the original chicken sandwich. I think they make it really well.", "The original is delicious too! Do you like the Burger King or McDonald's burgers more?", "I prefer McDonald's over Burger King? Which do you like better?", "I like McD's because I work there and so get some discounts on the food too lol", "Yes! You mentioned working there. Why did you get arrested there last month?", "Some kid was making fun of my hamburglar costume so i punched him lol", "Kids can be like that sometimes, but I dont recommend violence at work>", "You work at McD's too right, ever encounter any customers you wanna punch? ahah", "Oh, of course I have, but I just try to keep my cool."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm hunter. I hunt deer season.", "I have a record.", "I'm single and I have an airboat.", "I love trucks.", "I have a cousin.  I'm afraid of alligators.", "I think horror movies are creepy.", "I loaded an airboat on a trailer.  I like the beach. I always wear a life jacket."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a lifeguard.", "I'm married for 15 years. I have a wife. I think there are lots of good things about marriage.", "I played football.", "I love horror movies. I'm a fan of the movie Jaws.", "I'm scared of alligators.", "I like the beach.", "I have life jackets.", "I have never hunted but would like to try."], "current_conv": ["Have you been at the beach since I saw you there a few days ago?", "Yup! I've been working there a lot lately. There have been quite a few sharks out there lately so I have to be super vigilant. ", "Are you scared of sharks? Or does liking Jaws not make you scared", "Haha I wouldn't say I'm scared of sharks like I am of alligators... but I know they can be dangerous so I definitely try to stay clear of them for sure. What about you?", "I'm afraid of most animals. I wasn't raised with any pets so that's probably why", "You're afraid of animals? Is that why you're a hunter?", "That's probably why. I'm not up too close and they don't get to hurt me. I'm scared of alot of things, case in point horror movies", "Well you know I love a good horror movie! Me and the wife try to watch one once a week. Can't get enough of them.", "Have you watched the Conjuring films? I've heard good reviews", "Yes! We just watched the new one on HBO. It was pretty good. The first ones are way better but I still really enjoy all of them - there's a good story line to them all.", "When did you get an HBO subscription? Should I get one?", "We've had one for a while now. I recommend it! They have some really good tv shows along with movies."], "history_conv": [["Gray there. Just getting in from a hunt for gator. Mmm mmm. How are you?", "Fine. Just heading to work at the beach.", "Oops. Meant b'day. Where you work? I'm kinda a bum. Been in trouble with the cops. Poaching.", "Pc beach. I watch for people in the water needing help.", "I see. I use an airbag for my hunting they run real good.", "Cool. I've been married for 15 yrs. You married?", "No. Single. Jeez I don't like this auto correct stuff. I meant air boat.", "Lol. Right. Makes me want to chop it with my hands.", "Yeah. Guess that could work. What hobbies do you have?", "I was captain when I played for georgia bulldogs..", "Nice. I almost went hungry to get my truck tired recently. I'd love an 81 camaro though.", "Awesome ride. I love watching freddy kruger.", "I hunt gator. Those are freddy krugers. They'll eat you up whole. Not dreams.", "I'll pass on that. They are real. They put up a good fight."], ["Did you save any lives at the beach?", "Not this week, no! But there were definitely a few close calls with some people who got a little too far out.", "My cousin was drunk and fell off my airboat once. That was about as close as I have ever been to having to jump into the water to save someone. I sure wasnt going in with those alligators though!", "Uh yeah no. There's no way I'd want to be in the water with those things. The idea makes me shudder. I'll take whales and fish any day.", "They arent so bad if you stay out of their water and dont bother them. They sure arent as bad as those movies you love so much! That guy with the blue jumpsuit and white mask gives me the creeps!", "Hey, horror flicks are awesome. How can you have a boat and not love Jaws? Come on now!", "I would think Jaws would be in the back of your mind all the time! That movie had to give life guards a bad reputation. Like, now many people were eaten on their watch. I cant say I remember any of them ever jumping in the water during those movies either.", "Haha! When someone's in trouble out there, I go into this hyper focused mode where I don't really hear or see much of anything other than the person I'm trying to get to. Don't really think about sharks!", "You need to get an airboat like I have. If someone is in trouble just fire it up, drive it down the beach and out to the water to get them!", "Sounds pretty sweet, but I'm not sure I could get the wife to agree to it.", "That is the joy of being single. I dont have to ask permission. If I want and airboat, I get one. If I want a new truck, I get it.", "I remember those days! But there are lots of good things about marriage so I can't complain too much."], ["I've just finished loading the airboat onto a trailer.  I'm heading to the beach soon.  Are you working this afternoon?", "No. I'm off. Heck. I'm heading to the beach myself. Perhaps we'll see each other there.", "You want to ride together? I can show you around on the airboat!", "I'm willing but let me ask the wife to see if she wants too as well.", "By all means! Do you guys have life jackets? I might have some spares that should fit if you don't.", "Of course. Remember, I'm a lifeguard. I'm all about safety.", "I get that. Safety first! I always make sure to wear a life jacket when I take the airboat out and high visibility gear when I go hunting.", "Wow. I'd never gone hunting. I'd like to try it.", "If you would like to, we can plan a weekend to go out during deer season. It can be pretty quiet, but a great way to relax and get into the swing of hunting. Have you ever handled a rifle before?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 5 tattoos. My first tattoo was a Nirvana smiley face. I have a sleeve tattoo that is not yet finished. I paid $1500 for my tattoo. My tattoo will be finished after two more hours of work.", "I like the TV show Friends. I prefer TV to movies. My favorite character is Rachel. I have not seen the Friends reunion special.", "I don't have kids.", "I work at my mom's coffee shop. I don't have a car.", "I love graffiti.", "I am saving money. I do not have property. I am not sure about buying a property on the rough side of town."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have any tattoos.", "I like most movies.", "I have 2 kids.", "I'm middle aged.", "I manage rental properties.", "I also enjoy the TV show Friends. My favorite character is Ross. I want to finish the Friends series then watch the reunion show.", "I want a tattoo. I am not brave enough to get a tattoo. I want a dolphin tattoo.", "I have properties in Paramus NJ. I bought a run down duplex and then raised rates. I find properties where others are buying or adding retail."], "current_conv": ["How far are you now in the Friends series?", "I am on season 7 so I only have a few more seasons to go! Have you had time to watch the reunion special yet?", "No I haven't seen it yet but I really want to! Maybe we can watch it together when you've finished all the series. ", "That sounds great! I will let you know when I finish the series. So how is work at your moms coffee shop going?", "It's going okay - I don't especially enjoy the job but I'm just grateful to have one. I really need to save up more money so I can buy a house in a decent area. ", "Have you started searching for homes yet?", "I've looked, but at the moment the only ones I can afford are on the rough side of town, and I really don't want to live there. You work in property don't you? Do you have any recommendations of where I could find a decent property for low price?", "I do manage several rental properties but with the market the way it is, I am not sure I could find a property that meets a low budget. Have you thought about going in on a home or property with a second person?", "To be honest I would rather live alone, I don't think it would end well if I lived with another person. That's why I want to save up the money to buy a decent place. I kind of wish I hadn't spent so much on my latest tattoo...", "Well now you have a goal to work toward! Has your latest tattoo been finished yet?", "Not quite - it needs about 2 more hours of work and then it will be done! I might have to hold off on the last part though, until I've saved up more money. Did you pluck up the courage to get a tattoo yet?", "No, I have not. I cannot decide if it is something I really want or if it is just a phase."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Do you have any tattoos?", "No I do not. Do u like movies?", "Too bad. Tattoos are great. I have 5, one is a pizza slice..", "Haha nice. I'm a movie fan like almost everything.", "Movies are okay. Tv is better, especially friends. I have a friends tattoo.", "Do u have any kids? I have 2.", "No kids but I do have a random baby tattooed on me. Just thought it was cute.", "Do u have anything planned today? Im middle aged and lazy lol.", "Working at my mom's coffee shop. Gotta walk a mile there, don't have a car.", "Oh thats rough I manage rental properties.", "Cool. Any rental that has graffiti? I love graffiti.", "No not that I know of."], ["I watched all of season 3 of Friends.", "Did you start with Season 1 or just go right to Season 3? That is a good show!! Who's your favorite character? I like Ross! He tries so hard but still comes up short! He makes me laugh!", "I just went back and watched season 3 again. I like Ross, but Rachel is my favorite.", "Ahhhh I see! You watched them before and now you rewatched season 3. What is it you like about Rachel? You know in real life I think all of those actors got matching tattos. Wish I was brave enough to get a tatto!", "I like Rachel because of her quirkiness.  I didn't know that about the tattoos. I would fit in well! I in the process of finishing my sleeve tattoo.", "Yes, she is quirky! I think that's why her and Ross work! I think the actors may have done their tattoos for publicity because they are having a reunion show. Wow! A sleeve!!! How long did that take?", "I'm 6 hours into it. I still have 2 more hours to go. This thing is going to cost me 1500 by the time it's complete.", "Ouch! I don't know what would hurt more...the tat or the cost!", "You get kind of addicted to them once you get the first one. Maybe you should think about it.", "I've definitely thought about it. What was your first tatto of?", "It was a Nirvana smiley face tattoo.", "Cool! I'd like to have a dolphin on my ankle, but I thought I might start out with a star on my wrist just to see what it's like. How many do you have?"], ["Are you going to watch season 4 of Friends next?", "Yes!  im hoping to have time tis weekend to watch it.  They just did a reunion special on HBO", "I've seen a bunch of YouTube ads for it, but haven't actually seen it yet. Did you watch it?", "not yet, I want to finish the series before I see the reunion show.  I heard Lady Gaga did a cover of smelly cat.  I really want to see that.", "Oof that sounds like a riot! That song was hilarious enough with Phoebe doing it. Speaking of a New York show, do you have any properties in the city?", "Not in New York.  I have a few in Paramus NJ so its not to far of a drive unless there is traffic", "I'm sure those are occupied all the time. I'm saving, but it feels like getting a property is in the very distant future for me.", "you have to start somewhere.  dont be afraid to start even if its small.  got to learn to fly at some point", "What was the first property you bought? I see a lot of cheap properties in the rough parts of town, but I'm not so sure about buying one of those.", "It was a run down duplex.  I put some work into making it better, but it was in an area that was up and coming so i got in early and was able to raise rates", "That seems to be the key to success. If only I had a crystal ball to know which areas are on the up and up!", "I look for areas where I see other people buying properties or adding retail spaces"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have never been to Hawaii.", "I am a musician. I play guitar.", "I like to hike.  I'm terrified of snakes.", "I would like to learn to scuba dive.  I dream of diving in Hawaii. I have been saving for a trip to Hawaii. I want to have my first dive there. I should be able to go to Hawaii in a month.", "I found a local place for diving lessons."], "partner_persona": ["I used to be in the marines. I've been to Hawaii three times. I have an ex-wife.", "I voted for Kasich in 2016.", "I have 2 pet snakes.  I feed them mice. I have dogs. My pets names are Slinky, Nagini, Bean, and Boris.", "I go scuba diving once a month. I picked up my diving skills in the marines.", "I was a trainer for the marines. I worked in explosive decommissions as a marine.  I do not want to do that again. I left the marines in 2016.  I live in Pensacola, Florida.", "I have done dives in Hawaii. I have an ex wife. I am going to Hawaii this fall. I will move to Hawaii next year if I can find a house.", "I have money coming from my ex.", "I might get a condo. I would like to be on the beach."], "current_conv": ["How long were you in marines before you left in 2016?", "It was about 4 years. I had a lot of crazy experiences. Would you ever consider joining?", "No, I don't think so. I'm too much of a pacifist! Did you see any combat?", "I saw plenty of traumatizing things. Anyways, have you saved enough to go to Hawaii yet?", "Not quite yet. I should be able to go in about a month. I hear it's really expensive there. Is that true?", "Oh yeah, it's pretty expensive if you want to eat out. Of course you could save money if you cook all your own food.", "That's true. Saving money is pretty key with me. Maybe I'll get a condo to rent and then I can cook at home. Are you still going to look for a place to buy in Hawaii?", "That sounds like a good idea. Yes, that's still the plan, but as I said - it's pretty expensive there. I'm already having second thoughts.", "Oh, no! I thought that was your dream? You should go for your dream. Plus then I'll have a place to stay when I visit! Ha!", "Haha. Well, I'll try. I'll have to talk to my accountant about it and see what she says.", "Yes, you should make sure it's what you want and what you can afford. But it would be very cool, especially to be able to live on the beach. ", "That is definitely true, but now I feel like you're just trying to convince me so you have a free place to stay. haha"], "history_conv": [["Good morning, how are you today?", "Hello, I my two snakes and I are just great. You?", "I am great, just getting in from a big hike.", "Sounds great! I'm an avid scuba diver, ever been to hawaii?", "No I have never been, I bet it is beautiful though!", "It sure is, my ex wife and I went three times before I retired from the marines.", "My neighbor was a marine, best neighbor I could ever ask for.", "Yes, we are. What do you do for a living?", "I am a musician. I play guitar and sing at bars and whoever will have me.", "Sounds exciting, I could never get up the nerve to do that.", "Well we all have our talents. What do you do for a living?", "I am retired. I used to train the mwd's in the marines.", "Very cool. If you don't mind me asking, who did you vote for in 2016?", "I wrote in kasich, as I cannot stand either clinton or trump."], ["Did you feed your snakes today?", "I did. Two mice lost their lives. Do you ever run across any snakes while hiking?", "I haven't, thank god! I would be terrified. Have you gone scuba diving recently?", "I try to go once a month.  It's a real thrill. You wouldn't believe some of things you see.", "I bet! How would I go about learning how to scuba dive? I've always wanted to try. Scuba diving in Hawaii would be a dream", "Go somewhere locally. They usually have classes at local lakes. They aren't very expensive.", "I'll have to check that out. I've always thought they would be very expensive haha so this is a relief to know! Did you learn how when you were in the marines?", "Yes. I learned in the marines. It was a little more intense to learn that way, but i'm glad I know how to do it now.", "yeah I can imagine that. i'm sure it's much more fun now that you're doing it as a hobby. what were you a trainer for when you were in the marines?", "I was in explosive decommission. I never want to do that again!", "oh geez. that does sound really intense. when did you leave the marines and where do you live now?", "I left the marines in 2016 and now reside in pensacola, florida."], ["I actually just made a couple of calls and I found a local place where I can take diving lessons.  I'm so exccited!", "That's great.  You will really enjoy it.  Once you get certified, you will have to take a trip to Hawaii!", "I've been trying to save up the money for a trip to Hawaii. I would love to have my first dive there!", "I have done a few dives in Hawaii and all have been great.  In fact, the only thing I didn't like was that my ex-wife was along as well!  lol.  Any idea when you will be going?  I plan on going back this fall for 2 weeks.", "I should be able to go in about a month! im so excited because I've heard it is so beautiful.", "It is.  I plan on looking for a house while I am there.  If I can find something I like I will move there next year.", "Oh thats so cool. Maybe I can vacation in Hawaii and we can hang out for a while?", "Sure.  We will have to go diving of course.  I am going to look at my options on all the islands.  Since I have some money coming from my ex-wife, I should be able to afford something nice.", "I hope it all works out for you and you can really get a nice place with a decent view.", "I would love to get something on the beach, but that may be a bit out of my price range.  I was going to look at condos, but I want a place I can take my pets - both my snakes and my dogs.", "I totally forgot you have pets! what are their names?", "The snakes are names Slinky and Nagini.  The dogs are Bean and Boris."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just finished my Master's degree in Business.", "I graduated from Boston University. I was born in India. I am 14 years old. I do not live in India. I went to school in India. I lived in a crowded city in India.", "I like to play tennis.", "My favorite food is Indian food. I also like cooking it. I did not enjoy the pizza my school served. I like ethnic food. I like any food with curry in it. I like spicy food.  I like to cook but I don't have a lot of time to do it.  I cook for my family.  My family isn't critical of the dishes I cook.", "I don't play any musical instruments.  I might take piano lessons.", "I'm not good at dancing.", "I qualified for scholarships to pay for my college education. I am not very old."], "partner_persona": ["Sometimes I skip school to chat online. I am a Junior in High School. I am going to apply for UGA next semester.", "I like to march and play in a band. I play trumpet in the school band.  I am the section leader in the marching band. I go to band practice everyday after school. I also enjoy writing.", "I love school food. My favorite is chicken nuggets and mashed potatoes. I also love school pizza, french fries and burgers. My school sometimes serves Indian food. The Indian food at school is too spicy for me, but it's pretty good.", "Both of my parents work at my school. Both of my parents are from the US.", "I'm not a very good cook.  I can make pasta correctly.", "I am preparing for an upcoming band competition.", "I used to be in JROTC. I like being part of a group.", "I want to join the military when I am older.", "I want to go to college. I need financial help with college."], "current_conv": ["I thought of an Indian dish you might enjoy. It has yogurt in it so it's not spicy at all.", "Nice! What's it called. Hopefully it's not too hard to make!", "Tikki Masala. It's nice and my family likes it. Why did you leave the JROTC?", "I will have to try it! I left because I just had too much going on with school and band. I do miss it and hopefully I can get back into it or something like it soon.", "When did you start playing the trumpet? I want to learn how to play piano", "I started playing in 8th grade but didn't really get into it until high school. The piano is awesome but I've heard it might be hard to learn. But you should definitely go for it!", "Do you think you might apply to julliard? that would be awesome if you got a scholarship. I'm filling out scholarship applications", "I don't think I am good enough for Julliard lol but maybe! What are you filling out scholarship applications for? Are you going for a PHd?", "Yup! I think I want to keep studying, maybe even go to medical school", "Oh wow. You just got your Masters in business though! Sounds like you'll be in school forever lol", "I'm just not certain about my career path anymore. There's so much to figure out", "Yeah true. I feel you on that one. I have no idea what to do with my life really. But I guess I have time to figure that out."], "history_conv": [["Greetings to you. Are you fine today?", "I'm great! I decided to skip school to chat online.", "Nice for you. I finished business with master's degree.", "Oh! What school did you go to?", "Boston university. What grade you? Im immigrant from india at age 14.", "I'm a junior at my high school! I'm applying to uga next semester.", "That sound good. Do you have hobbies? I like to play tennis most.", "Marching and concert band. I also like to write too.", "Oh I see, sound good. Favorite food? Mine is indian cuisine, which I love cooking.", "Chicken nuggets and mashed potatoes. School food is so delicious!", "That sound good. Is your family from us?", "Yes! Both my parent's work at my school. How's india?", "Nice that parents there. I have not been back to india since age 14.", "Oh! Do you miss it?"], ["What other food do you normally eat at your school?", "Other than chicken nuggets and mashed potatoes (my favorites), I also love school pizza, burgers, and french fries.", "Ugh! I remember the pizza at my school. It tasted like cardboard! Looks like your school has a nice variety though. I wish they would serve some ethnic food though.", "True.  They do serve Indian food sometimes... I'm sure you would love that", "Nice! I enjoy anything with curry in it. Do you like their Indian food?", "It's pretty good but it's way too spicy for me haha, you could probably handle it better than I do.  Have you practiced cooking Indian food lately?", "I don't have a lot of time for cooking, but I do try to do it a couple times a month. My family appreciates my attempts and aren't too critical. Do you cook?", "I try to but I'm not very good at it.  Pasta is about the only thing I can cook correctly.", "You're probably better at band. What instrument do you play?", "that is very true.  I play the trumpet and I'm the section leader in my school's marching band.", "Nice! I always wanted to learn an instrument but I was too busy with my studies. I still might take piano lessons. I always imagined playing the piano.", "do you know of any teachers in your area?  I might be able to find one through my music connections."], ["How did band practice go today?  How often do you have to go to practice?", "It went well, we came up with a new drill and practiced it all afternoon. We usually practice every day after school, but we only get to practice our drills on the field twice a week since the football team uses the field to practice the rest of the days. Did they have marching band in India?", "No, at least not at my school. My city was pretty crowded, so field space was very limited. I'm not sure where were would've even practiced. Are you practicing for some competition or something?", "We are. There's an event coming up at a local university next month. We've got the line up for what songs we want to play during competition, but we're still working on the drills for the performance. Our choreographers and the other section leaders are all very dedicated, but we have a lot of work to get done. Especially with the sousaphones.", "As someone who doesn't play any instruments and can't dance at all, marching band sounds like a nightmare for me! I guarantee you that after any amount of practice, I'd never be able to play music and walk at the same time. lol!", "Well, I spent a lot of time doing drill team for JROTC before I joined the marching band, so honestly it was just like doing drill team but carrying instruments instead of drill rifles, but with added steps because of the music. I find it soothing and fun to be a part of such a collective and synchronized whole!", "I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with JROTC. Could you please explain to me what that is?", "They're the US Army Junior Reserve Officers' Training Core. It's basically a program to train teens that want to look into a military career when they grow up.", "Oh, I didn't know that. Thanks so much for the explanation. It's amazing how many little things you don't know about a country when you're not a native-born citizen. We have something somewhat similar in India, but it's usually only at certain secondary schools. So do you want to join the military when you're done with college?", "I'm considering it. They'll help pay for my schooling if I go to college, and with how expensive college is, I need all the help I can get!", "You're so right about that. College here is so expensive. I don't know what I would've done if I hadn't qualified for scholarships!", "It's good that you got scholarships, though! It's so cool that you managed so much at such a young age! Did your parents help you out?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Anika.", "I play the flute.", "I have never been to California. I have children. I want to take my children to Disneyland. I have children that are under the age of 9. I loved visiting the Epcot.", "I do not like sports. I like books. I work in a library. I like reading. I research family history.", "I am good at language arts. I was never good at science.", "I made my kids costumes for their school play.", "I have a cousin in California. My cousin is a hospital worker.", "I moved out of the Los Angeles area. I moved because of the high real estate prices. I hate the LA traffic."], "partner_persona": ["I am packing because I am moving to California very soon. I don't have a job in California yet. I have always wanted to move to California. I would like to live in the countryside.", "I have been to Disneyland. I have been to Orlando.", "I cannot wait to move away from Chicago. I grew up in Chicago. I love The Bears.", "I do not like reading. I only read magazines. I enjoyed researching family history.", "I am a scientist. I would like to work in a hospital lab. I work in a private lab. I like to be of help to people.", "I live in the center of the city of Chicago.", "I plan to rent a house in California. I want to buy my own home ultimately.", "I don't have to drive in traffic very often."], "current_conv": ["I spoke to my cousin and he's going to see what he can find out about lab jobs for you.", "That's wonderful news. Thank you so much. What part of California does he work at?", "He is in the Los Angeles area. The job is working for a hospital, so it seems right up your alley!", "Yes, a hospital is where I would like to work. Los Angeles has a lot of research hospitals, so hopefully I can find a job there. Your cousin's recommendation will help me narrow down the choices for sure.", "I am so glad I could help! I must admit though, I don't envy you. I have learned to hate LA. You couldn't pay me to go back there. If you go there, I hope you don't mind traffic.", "Yes, I've heard that about LA. I'll be about an hour outside of the city, but I've heard that it can take up to 2 hours each way during rush hour. I guess I'll brush up on my books on tape during the commute! Any recommendations, since you're a librarian?", "You are right. The commute can be brutal but the audio books idea is a good one. I have loads of recommendations! What type of genre are you most interested in? I know you are more of a magazine guy and like the Bears, so maybe something sports related?", "Maybe a biography on a Bears player or a football book in general? I do like sports, specifically football. Science books for sure. ", "Hmm. Lets see. \"If these walls could talk\" is a good book about the Bears and football. For science, try out \"A Brief History of Time.\"", "I haven't heard about that first one. I'll give it a try. I have heard about Hawkins book. I haven't tried to read it though. Maybe my commute will be a good time. Thanks so much. ", "My pleasure. The Hawkins book is a classic and pretty assessable to novice science readers like me! I really hope you get the job. I know how much you are ready to get out of Chicago.", "Yes, that's what I've heard about it as well. Well, if I don't get one job, I'm sure there are others. I just have to keep at it. Yes, all set to leave Chicago. I am kind of sick of it. The winters are brutal! I can't wait to get to sunny Los Angeles. Switching topics, how are you doing? How are the kids? Any flute playing lately?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there. My name is anika. How are you today?", "I am doing well thanks, how are you?", "Good. Feeling relaxed. Just finished playing my flute for a bit. Have the day off from work.", "Oooh the flute is so cool, I am packing as I move to california soon.", "I have never been to california. But would love to take the kids to disneyland.", "I have been to the disneyland in orlando! Would love to go again!", "My kids all under 9 loved disney. I loved epcot.", "Yes it is cool, I can't wait to leave chicago.", "It is too cold there. But you have amazing libraries there.", "I grew up here so I am tired of it although I love the bears.", "Bears. Not into sports. Books more my speed. I work in a library.", "You must be very smart then, I don't like reading unless its a magazine.", "Well thanks. I enjoy reading a lot. Enjoy researching family history.", "I did a research for a family that came here hundreds of years ago. I enjoyed it."], ["Public libraries are a great place to go to research family history, but there are also a number of great websites out there now. Some sites will take your DNA and help match you up to family members you might not even know you have!", "That's so interesting! Do you have any recommendations for websites?", "There are so many! I would just look up \"home DNA kits,\" and go with the one that sounds best to you. They have different features and pricing. How is packing going?", "sounds good! It's a lot of work but it's really worth it.  I wish I could just leave for California right now.", "Are you moving to California for work or is it just something you wanted to do?", "I'm taking a bit of a risk.  I've always wanted to move there so i'm going to go and try to find a job when I get there.", "Oh, wow! I envy that. I have never been one to take risks. Is there a particular industry you'll be looking for work in?", "I'm a scientist and will probably try to work in a lab somewhere.  I'd like to work in the lab at a hospital.", "That's interesting work! The library is interesting too, although in a much different kind of way. I was always good at language arts, but I never excelled in science.", "I know you love reading haha.  Have you practiced the flute at all lately?", "Not since we talked last unfortunately. It relaxes me, but one of my kids is in the school play, and I offered to sew the costumes. What was I thinking? The things ya do for your kids!", "oh no! Hopefully you'll have more time to practice soon!"], ["I remembered I have a cousin who works in a hospital in California I could ask if they are hiring lab people if you would like me to.", "Hey that sounds good. I need all the help I can get. It is sort of hard to find a job in California when you still live in Chicago.", "Happy to help! What were you doing for work in Chicago?", "I worked in a private lab but I want to work at a hospital. I want to be more helpful to people.", "That's awesome! So at least you have some experience. I will make sure I get in touch with my cousin and let her know you have experience. I'll also tell her how to reach out to you. When do you anticipate moving to California?", "I really do appreciate your help. I am about all packed and ready to move. I just need to load up a uhaul and start \"trucking\"", "That's exciting! Do you already have a place to live lined up?", "I have a place. I am going to rent a house that one of my colleague's family own then I would like to buy a place for my own. But houses in Californian is so expensive.", "That's true, they are extremely expensive. That's why I moved out of the Los Angeles area. You can get a lot more land the further out you go.", "I would love to live in country. That is one reason I am moving, to get away from the city.", "Ah, you definitely want to be outside of L.A. then. The traffic is terrible. How is the traffic where you are?", "I lived in the center of Chicago so the traffic is not bad because everybody drives outward so I do not need to drive with the traffic and just stay where i am."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Ohio. We got a lot of snow here.", "I spend a lot of time outside. I work at a zoo.", "I watch the nature channel and action and adventure movies. I have seen the Conjuring. I don't watch movies very often.", "My zoo just got a new lion named Kamau. My zoo's lion came from an overcrowded lion enclosure at another zoo, My zoo will have the lion introduced to another of the opposite sex to reduce the risk of fights.", "I spend my extra time bonding with the animals at my zoo.", "I've wanted to see a comedy."], "partner_persona": ["I live in California.", "I stay at home a lot. I enjoy cooking healthy meals. I like watching movies on Netflix.", "I am a stay-at-home mom. I have 5 kids. I am 30 years old. I have a boyfriend.", "I love comedy movies. I watch Netflix. I like watching The Conjuring and Magnum, P.", "I take my kids to the park a lot.", "I eat popcorn.", "I don't want to support a zoo that mistreats its animals.", "I like the Tyler Perry movies. I think he should win an award for his work.", "I might be pregnant. I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow.", "My boyfriend has community service. My boyfriend used to be on probation.", "I have one kid who is my boyfriend's, and possibly one more. I've had kids with two other men, and my boyfriend has three kids of his own, each with different women."], "current_conv": ["So how did your doctor's appointment go earlier?", "It was fine, nothing to worry about. So is it still snowing there?", "Okay, did you find out if you were pregnant or not? It is actually raining here today so I am still stuck inside.", "It seems I'm not pregnant. I was pretty surprised. Wow, now it's raining? The weather there is weird.", "Yeah, it is a little warmer today but it could turn back into snow overnight. So how are your kids doing?", "They're doing well. We've been spending a lot of time at the park. My youngest is learning how to ride a bike now. It's pretty cute.", "Nice! Is your youngest picking it up pretty quickly?", "Yes, he is! Definitely faster than I did, haha. I remember I really struggled to learn. Do you like biking much?", "Yes! I find biking really relaxing so I try to go a few times a week. Have you seen anything new on Netflix recently?", "That's great! Actually, no not really. Netflix has been underwhelming recently, but maybe that's a good thing. That way I'll get outside more.", "Very true! What types of things do you like to do outside?", "Recently I've been trying to do some yoga, but I'm not really good at it yet. Have you tried?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there. How are you doing?", "I'm good tacks you? California here you?", "Ohio, waiting on the last of snow to melt. You get any cold there?", "No. Not really. I stay in a lot. I love healthy cooking, and watch movies on netflix.", "I'm outside a lot myself. Zoowork takes me there. What do you do?", "Nice. I'm a stay at home mom. I'm 30. 5 kids. Life in a nutshell.", "Wow - and I thought my job was a zoo! Waht kinds of movies?", "Ha... Exactly. I watch comedies. It's good to laugh. What do you watch?", "Mostly the nature channel, but I like action adventure movies.", "Nice. Makes sense you watch the nature channel if you're a zookeeper.", "You ever take your kids kiteflying? I see lots at the parks in good weather.", "Yeah we go to the park lots. You go crazy if you don't get out.", "Yeah, I know that feeling! Kites are great kid treats.", "True. Definitely can keep them busy."], ["We just got a new lion at our zoo", "You did! Wow! Where did it come from? Another zoo? That is so interesting to me!", "Yeah. I guess it was a bit crowded in the lion enclosure, so we took this one in. We still have to get him used to the others, though. It's a huge change for him.", "I imagine that is quite a transition for the animal. How do you go about introducing him to the other lions? Is there a risk that they will fight?", "There is always a risk they're going to fight. It takes quite a bit of time to introduce them. We usually introduce them to the opposite sex, so they don't fight so much. Eventually, they just flirt with each other. Haha. Sometimes, we get new lions to breed them.", "They flirt with each other! haha. That is funny. They are just like humans, I guess! What is this lion's name? Or does the zoo give them a new name when they arrive?", "Kamau is his name. Yeah, they're somewhat like humans in that way. They all have bug personalities, though. That can make things get a little rowdy and rough. That's why it takes so long to get them settled down and introduced. Have you found any new movies on Netflix that are any good?", "Well, maybe I'll bring my 5 kids to the zoo next weekend and we can meet him. They would love that! I watched The Conjuring with my boyfriend on Netflix the other day. We were so scared! Have you ever watched it before?", "I'm sure they would love it!!! I believe I have! Isn't it where the boy astroplanes or something of that sort? Then, the older woman helps him.", "Yes, that is exactly it! It was a very scary movie, but we enjoyed it. We popped some popcorn and cuddled up on the couch. It was awesome. Have you seen any good movies lately?", "I don't watch movies very often, so no. You have to watch the zoos you go to, because some totally mistreat their animals. I like to spend my extra time getting to know them and just bond. I think it makes it easier for them to trust me.", "Oh gosh, you'll have to tell me more about which zoos to avoid so I don't go there! I wouldn't want to support a bad zoo!"], ["Let me know when you are coming I talked to the zoo admins and I am getting you and yours free passes for the day you come.", "Oh, thank you so much!  I'm not going to be able to visit this weekend though.  I have to go see my doctor.  I might be pregnant again!", "That's amazing, I'm so happy for you! That will give you plenty of time for netflix... Have you watched anything good lately?", "Yes, Other than watching The Conjuring with my boyfriend, I've been watching old episodes of Magnum, P.I.  Tom Selleck was so good-looking when he was young.  I think that might be why I got pregnant again.", "That is hilarious, I never understood why so many women liked him. so much. Im not sure what I thought of The Conjuring. Ive wanted to see a comedy lately. Do you have any suggestions?", "I like any of the Tyler Perry movies.  They're soooo funny and smart.  I feel like he should win an Oscar, if not for his writing then at least for his acting in the Madea movies.  Have you seen any Madea movies?", "No, but as soon as I get some time away from the zoo I'll take your advice. Our lion is adjusting well, your kids are going to love the enlcosure. Ill save the tickets. What time is your appointment at the doctor", "It's tomorrow morning at 9 AM.  My boyfriend will have to drop me off before he goes to do his community service.", "Lol does he have to see his probation officer too? I can pick you up on my lunchbreak if you dont have a ride.", "No, he's not on probation anymore.  I think it's all silly, anyway.  I feel like the police in this town have it out for him.  You get caught shoplifting a few dozen times and there's a target on your back.", "You're funny. Does he have kids too? It sounds like you have six kids already with him there.", "Only one of my kids is his, plus the pregnancy--if I am indeed pregnant.  The other two fathers of my kids aren't in the picture.  And then my boyfriend has three of his own who I have to take care of sometimes too, although not all at once because they're with three different women.  Family is such a gift."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 12 brothers and sisters.", "I am on the beach.  I ride horses to clear my mind.", "I live in the city. I am moving away from the city to the country because of horse ownership. I already started moving my things.", "I do not have any pets. I do have a horse in a stable.", "I live near a beach. I also will be living alone. I have quite a large family."], "partner_persona": ["I have an older sister. My older sister teaches. I only have one sibling.", "I am a grad student.  I live in a dorm. I have classes Monday through Thursday.", "I live with my dad. I do not plan on moving out until after college.  When I am home during the summer, the only thing my dad does is play piano.", "I do not play the piano with my dad, since I am bad at it.", "My hobby is taking care of pets. I have 6 pets. I have a snake, sugarglider, 2 cats, a Peruvian guinea pig and a pigeon.", "I suffer from depression. My 6 pets help me with my depression. My pets all travel well. My pets love to go driving with me.", "I love country living.", "I get a winter break. I own a pick up truck.", "I am feeling depressed. I also live in the city.", "I own a pickup truck. I have a lot of junk in my truck."], "current_conv": ["What classes are you currently taking for your graduate program?", "I will take math classes this summer. Do you have any plans for this summer ?", "Uggg! Math was never my strong subject. But good luck to you! I don't have any set plans for the summer. Just settling down after the move. Lots to unpack", "Math can be fun, but there is a lot to learn before you start having fun with it. So you will take care of your horses all summer ?", "I guess I never really had a good teacher to help me get started. I don't have a good foundation for it. Yes, the horses will be primary for me. I'm really looking forward to just it being me and the horses. They're pretty quite most of the time.", "Do you have to ride them everyday, even in the rain ?", "No, I don't have to ride them everyday. Sometimes I can just turn them out into the paddock and they can get their own exercise. But they do like to get out and about most days. I think they really enjoy it when I ride them. To change the topic, how are you doing? ", "Good, but it is hot in the dorm in the summer.", "I can imagine. I'm glad you're doing good. I do worry about you and your depression. I wish there was something I could do to help you. Please know that you're welcome to come and visit and ride with me at any time.", "Thanks, but for the moment, my pets are enough, I am sure that your horses help you with your moral.", "That's great news. I'm glad you have them. Yes, the horses help me quiet my mind. It's just us out on the trail. Very peaceful. ", "Maybe we could meet up in the country ? I would like to see your horses."], "history_conv": [["Hey, do you have any siblings?", "I do. I have an older sister. She teaches small gross children. Don't know how she does it.", "Me neither. I deal with twelve brothers and sisters. I need to get a house soon.", "Thats digusting. I'm a grad student and live in a dorm so I can relate.", "We're on the beach at least, and ride horses to clear my mind. You?", "I live with my dad. He.", "Oh, do you plan on moving out soon. I'm planning on moving to the country.", "Only after college. When I'm home during the summer all he does is play piano.", "Do you have any hobbies, play with him?", "Nah, he's a pro and I'm horrible. My hobby is pets. I own 6 of them.", "Do you know what kind of pets?", "A snake, sugarglider, 2 cats, a peruvian guinea pig and a pigeon.", "Wow, do you have any siblings like me?", "Only one. She's as nasty as that guinea. No wonder they eat the down in peru."], ["How difficult is it to take care of 6 pets?  I feel like maintaining 6 pets would take up most of your free time.", "There is a lot of work involved, but it helps relieve my depression, and makes me feel useful and needed to be responsible for their care. I know horses aren't considered pets, but do you own any horses?", "There's nothing quite like unconditional love, huh? Your pets must be worth all the time and money you spend. It's crazy to own a horse in the city, hence why I'm moving away from here.", "I love the country living lifesyle! I'm jealous of you that you get to move away from the city. But you're right, the unconditional love we get from animals is really unbeatable.  Compared to how humans treat each other sometimes, it seems the bond between humans and animals is very special.", "That look of happiness and adoration from another living being is worth chasing... I'll have to invite you out there at some point. You'll definitely need a pet sitter though!", "Actually I don't need a pet sitter, as long as you allow me to bring my pets, because they surprisingly all travel well.  They love to go with me when I'm driving. I think they consider it an adventure every time they get to leave the house, even if it is only to go down the street. Do you have any idea when you will be moving? Have you set a date firmly already?", "Oh, that's perfect. I'm already starting to move my things so it's looking like your winter break will be a great time to come visit.", "Absolutely! Hey, do you need any help with moving your stuff? I have a pickup truck, so me and my pets could get out of the house and help you move if you need any help.", "I welcome the help and the cuteness!! You'll probably save me from blowing my back out too. Surprisingly, none of my brothers and sisters are willing to help.", "Oh that's a shame!  Well just say the word, and I'll be on my way to come get you and some more of your belongings to move them. And I could meet your family. I've never met anyone with even half as many siblings as you have. That must have been crazy growing up in a family like that.", "The sibling battles were unreal! I'll be glad to finally have my own space. You and your pets are all more than welcome to come visit me anytime you can get away from school.", "Great. I only go to class Monday through Thursday, so I could come as soon as this Friday if that sounds good to you."], ["I am ready for your help so if you still can will you be here Thursday night or Friday morning?", "That is no problem. I will definitely be there. Just need to get someone to take care of my pets. Do you have any pets at home?", "No.  Just a horse that we stable.  You are welcome to bring your pets with you if you like!  My brothers and sisters would love them.", "Oh, that would be wonderful. Maybe when we have time, you can take me horseback riding also. How is the beach weather?", "That will be great! Especially when I'm able to have the horse with me!  The beach is wonderful as always.  It's starting to get a little crowded though.", "I've been so depressed lately. Going over to help you out would help me get out of it. As much as I love the country, the city live is lots of fun. Will you miss the city?", "Not that much.  I'll still live close enough I can go visit the city and the beach whenever I want. It will be strange living alone though after growing up in such a huge family. I hope the visit cheers you up!", "As long as I can bring my pets, they really help me get out of the day in and day out rut. Do you still need for me to bring my pickup truck for the move?", "Yes, that would be really helpful!  I truly appreciate it.  Then if we have time, we can go to the beach for a while.  That would make you feel better too!", "Oh, absolutely! I'm really looking forward to that. I've got to clear out all the junk I have in my truck then. We won't be able to move much if I leave all my junk in it. Can't wait to see you!", "Same here!  It'll be nice to introduce you to my family.", "It might take all day to meet everyone, especially sine you have such a large family. Ar Ar! Wow a dozen brothers and sisters. Is that twelve of each or 12 total?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a mother; I have three children. Two of my children are grown.", "I am interested in history and the civil war eral.", "I have a farm. I love horses. I have 12 horses. I have strawberries on my farm. I love strawberries. I love my job; I work in computers. I have a job that keeps me busy.", "I enjoy growing my own food.", "I like to bake.", "I live on a farm. My father helps us on the farm.", "I enjoy riding horses.  I ride the horses on the weekends. My favorite horse is my Mongol."], "partner_persona": ["I am distantly related to a civil war general.", "I am interested in the civil war era because they used horses.", "I love fruit. Strawberries are a favorite of mine.", "I have a father who works in computers. He is busy and doesn't smile often.", "I really like baking.", "I like horses. I have two cats.", "I enjoy riding horses. I am interested in horse behaviors. I watch horse competitions."], "current_conv": ["Would you like to bring your father with you when you come visit the horses this weekend? He might enjoy a day at the farm.", "I could ask him maybe he might like to spend time with me but he is always busy so we will see.", "Surely he can't be too busy to spend sometime with his kid. My dad is always with me helping me out on the farm.", "He's not the most happiest of dad's he's always been a bit grumpy and busy to do stuff with me. I bet it's nice having your dad around like that.", "I'm sorry that your dad is like that he should make some time for you. Yeah I love having him around he is a great help to and I can always talk to him about anything.", "I wish I had that sort of relationship with my dad. I can't wait to come see your horses though I'm super excited.", "Yeah we can't wait to have you up here maybe we could pick some strawberries as well as I know you love them.", "Yeah that would be great we can have a chat about the civil war as well as we are both so interested.", "Yeah that would be great can't wait to spend a bit of time with you.", "Me either I am really looking forward to coming to visit.", "Yeah we look forward to having you up here. We could bake a strawberry pie together as well after picking some strawberries.", "Sounds like a great idea, what a day I have in store for me."], "history_conv": [["I am a mother to three children, two of which are grown now.", "That is pretty cool. I am actually distantly related to a civil war general.", "That is really awesome! I love history and the civil war era.", "That's cool! I am interested in that time period because they all used horses.", "I love horses, we have a farm and have some.", "You have a farm? That is cool, do you have any fruit?", "Yes, strawberries are about to come in.", "I love fruit. Strawberries are a big favorite of mine.", "Mine too. My job is wonderful, I work in computers as well.", "My father works with them also. Always busy so he doesn't smile often.", "That's no good. Always good to smile.", "I made him giggle once when I farted in public. I never usually do that."], ["I just picked some fresh strawberries; they're so sweet.", "you're so lucky to have access to farmland! whenever I visit battlefields (i'm a history buff) i'm always blown away by how beautiful farmland is", "Yes, I am blessed.  It's fun to grow things and watch them and then be able to eat them.", "that's really cool. you must feel super connected to the earth. do you eat the strawberries plain or put them in recipes?", "Both, they good just picked, washed and eaten, but they are also very good to make cakes, pies or toppings for ice-cream.", "I bet. I really like baking, and I try to use fresh fruit in my baking when I can. do you like to bake?", "Yes, living on a farm on the men are always hungry and want some kind of snacks.", "I bet! my dad works in computers, which doesn't work up much of an appetite I guess. what does your dad do for work?", "My father works on the farm with us.  We always need help.", "thats cool that it's a family business. do you also raise horses on the farm?", "We have about 12 horses.  They require a lot of care but it is so rewarding.  Do you have any animals?", "that's so cool. do you train them for competitions or anything? I have two cats. they're amazing but less hard to care for than horses!"], ["Would you like to come to my farm and see the horses?", "Yes I love horses. Are they friendly?", "They're very friendly. A few of them get a bit excited around people, but all of them are very friendly.", "That is good, I would love to spend some time with them. Do you ride them?", "I do! I ride all of them! I wish I had more time to ride horses, though. My job gets kind of busy sometimes.", "Wow, that must take up a lot of time riding all 12! I bet you can not ride them every week though?", "I try to ride for a bit every weekend. But yeah, it's hard to get to all 12. I've got to cycle through.", "Do you have a favorite one? I bet they all have very different personalities?", "I like the Mongol horse, just because she's easy to mount and dismount. But yes, I like all of them.", "What is a Mongol horse, never heard of on of them?", "They're like European horses but significantly shorter. They're not as small as ponies, but they're small enough to be quick, strong, and tough.", "Ah I see, they must good horses to use in competitions then if they are very agile."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in New England.", "I own a pickup. I go camping.", "I listen to Metallica and Nine Inch Nails. I listen to old school punk at times.", "My friend knows someone who has experience bullying at their job. I think it's important for job satisfaction to defend yourself at work and let people know you won't settle for bad treatment. I think quitting a job can be tough because one typically wants to make sure they have a steady paycheck. My friend is now happier at work.", "I have experienced harassment at work. I felt like I was outside looking in all the time. I felt like I didn't have what I needed to do my job well. I didn't sue over the harassment I experienced at work. I had a job but left to sell fruit off of I95.", "I like punk rock music."], "partner_persona": ["I have red hair and a fair complexion.", "I like cooking on the weekends. I don't like it when it is too cold.", "I like listening to old punk.", "I am thinking about quitting my job. I have experienced bullying at my job. I am worried about losing my job if I hire an attorney.", "I'd like to quit my job. I only want to quit my job on my terms and after I have found a new job. I worry about retaliation if I hire an attorney to address the bullying I've experienced at my job. I'll hire an attorney if that would make my work environment better.", "I have a family that I support with my job. I need to talk to my family more about filing a suit or quitting my job.", "I have mental health concerns. I have a family that relies on me for financial support.", "I dyed my hair blonde while looking for new jobs. I used to have red hair."], "current_conv": ["I just got the new Metallica album and I think you would really enjoy listening to it.", "Is that old punk? I thought they were heavy metal.", "They are heavy metal, yes. I still think you should try giving it a listen. I know you're more of a old punk person.", "Alright, even if they are metal I will listen to them on the way to work. Maybe I can yell my frustrations away.", "Haha yes! I'm telling you it's a great way to burn off some steam. How's work treating you lately? Any better?", "Not really, I've been looking for a new one, but no luck so far. I'm hoping to quit soon.", "Yeah it's probably for the best if you get out of there. Doesn't seem like a good environment.", "I've had some harrassment at work how is that working out for you?", "Well besides not making much money it's going well. Not so stressful and I can work on my own time at the fruit stand.", "Sounds great not having a boss and doing your own thing. Need any help with that? Maybe I can learn to grow some fruit.", "Yeah if this business continue to grow I would for sure hire you! Need to make some more money first so I can afford to pay you lol", "How are the customers? Are they always trying to get a better deal?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! Tell me about yourself!", "I am about to quit my job. I am getting bullied.", "I'm sorry to hear that. I would quit too!", "Yeah. I been getting called a ginger and im tired of it.", "You should come out to new england, we don't tolerate bullying here!", "Its too cold up there. I like to cook out on weekends.", "I do too, I haul around in my pickup while camping.", "What type of music you play in you pickup?", "I learn towards metallica, nine inch nails, etc. What type of music do you like?", "More of an old punk guy.", "I don't mind old school punk myself sometimes.", "So yeah. I wanr to quit. But I have to support my family."], ["I was talking to a friend the other day, and they mentioned that someone they know experienced a similar instance of bullying at their job as well. My friend mentioned that the person ended up getting an attorney to claim harassment in their workplace, perhaps you should consider legal help for your job as well?", "I think I would consider it, but I am worried about losing my job.  Did your friend's friend received any backlash for hiring an attorney?", "she didn't, because her company knew it would be even worse for them if they retaliated. there's laws against that. do you thikn you'd be retaliated against?", "I do worry about retaliation.  I'd like to quit, but that would be on my terms and would be only if I found a replacement job before quitting.  Is your friend's friend happier at work now?", "yeah, much. it makes a big difference, I think, to defend yourself and let people know you won't settle for bad treatment. and quitting is a tough call because as you said you wanna make sure you still have a paycheck coming in! do you have any interest in starting a job search?", "I do.  However, I think if hiring an attorney would make my work environment better, I would rather hire an attorney.  Do you think it is expensive?", "It depends on how many hours they have to put into it. so I guess if you had all your materials and a detailed outline together for them before you went the first time, you'd save some money that way", "That's a really good idea.  Have you ever experienced harrassment at work?", "I have, and it sucked. I felt like I was on the outside looking in all the time and like I dind't have what I needed to do my job well", "Did you quit, or did you file a suit?", "I ended up finding a different job, thankfully -- it wasn't worth suing over", "That's why I think I am hesitant to file.  I'll probably just need to talk more to my family about it."], ["Hey--have you talked to your family about filing a suit at all?", "I haven't yet. I'm afraid that despite this being a move that I need to make for my mental health, they're going to be scared that I won't be able to support them anymore - which is a real possibility.", "Yeah -- it's a tough situation. I'm glad I got out of there when I could, you should consider doing the same.", "I'm definitely considering it. Where were you working before? And where are you working now?", "I was working with you! I can't believe you don't remember! But now I sell fruit off of I95 for a living. You should come run it with me!", "Yes I know we worked together, I just didn't remember which department. How lucrative is selling fruit?", "Very, your red hair will act as a beacon to it and attract attention! It's a great fit", "My hair is blonde so I don't know how well that will help attract people.", "I bet if we play some punk rock that will get the foot traffic flowing.", "That's true. I just recently dyed my hair blonde when I was interviewing for other jobs. The red can be a little bit jarring. I could let it go back. The red hair plus the punk rock would certainly be a look.", "When you settle with our old company, we can use that money and this thing can really take off!", "How much are you averaging a day in sales?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like camping. I like the stars.", "I graduated high school.", "I am shy. I am on a cross country journey. I am looking for a job.", "I don't care about voting.", "I wish I had a pet.", "I go camping and hiking sometimes. I need new camping gear.", "I applied to work at a grocery store.", "I will buy a hammock."], "partner_persona": ["I like camping. I go hiking.", "I am kind, caring, and hope for group equality.", "I don't vote.", "I love my neighbour John.", "I love hammocks. I have a backyard. I have a dog.", "I have a house. I have children.", "I live near the Columbia Trail. My favorite part of hiking is Ken Lockwood Gorge near High Bridge.", "I have a neighbor John.", "It has been awhile since I have hiked."], "current_conv": ["Would you still like to go for a hike this weekend? I want to check out that trail. ", "I think that would be great! Do I need to bring anything along?", "Make sure you bring enough water, that's most important. We could also have a picnic at the top of the mountain if you want.", "That's a good idea. I have a feeling I'll need to recharge my energy supply at some point! I'm not in tip-top hiking shape haha.", "Haha, well we all have to start somewhere. I can bring us some sandwiches and fruit. What type of sandwiches do you like?", "If the store has any of those veggie sandwiches, that would be awesome! I can grab some water, too. By the way, were you able to get a hammock?", "They should have some of those. No problem. Yes, I finally got it - I love it! You have a hammock too, right?", "Yes, that's right! It's not really portable, unfortunately. Will you bring yours along on the hike?", "I thought about bringing it but I don't want the extra weight in my bag. I don't think it's worth it. There is a lake there too, btw. Do you want to swim?", "Oh sweet, that sounds fantastic! Yeah, I'll definitely bring my swimsuit along! ", "It should be fun, but the water can we really cold. Have you ever swum in really cold water before?", "A few times, yes. Usually when the season has just changed and the water hasn't caught up. It can be quite refreshing!"], "history_conv": [["I'm just camping at the moment. Can't wait for the stars tonight. Hello!", "I like to camp! I also go hiking a lot..", "Nice. I just finished high school. Left my small hamlet behind. Never going back.", "What kind of person are you. I am kind, caring and and hopeful for group equality!", "That's cool. I'm a loner, shy. I'm on a cross country journey. Looking for jobs.", "So, I assume your an adult. Do you vote? I don't!", "No I don't care about voting. I may send my parents a post card. Not sure.", "Would you write one to my neighbor john? I love him!", "Sure what should it say.", "I wish for group equality!", "To your neighbour john? You love him... But it will just say group equality?", "Yes, I also want him to know I do not choose to vote."], ["I set up a hammock at my camp site.", "I love hammocks and have one in my backyard.  The problem is that my dog loves it more than me and I can never get to it before him!", "He's hogging the hamock? Adorable LOL, wish I had a fun pet too", "He hogs everything.  In my house, the pecking order is children, dog, and then me.  I guess that's why I like hiking so much, I don't have to compete with anyone when out on the trail.", "Haha what, aren't you all about equality? It's kind of you to let them ahead lol Where do you hike?", "The Columbia Trail runs fairly close to my home.  I like it there and it is not usually crowded.  Have you ever been there?", "I haven't but it sounds lovely. Maybe I'll see if I can do a camping and hiking trip there sometime.", "It is really nice.  If you decide to do it, let me know...my favorite part is Ken Lockwood Gorge near High Bridge.", "Will do and thanks for the tip! Hopefully I can find a job soon and buy some new camping gear", "If you are looking for new gear, my lovely neighbor John is looking to sell his.  He bought it last year, top of the line stuff and needs to sell it because he's getting divorced.  Let me know if you want me to speak to him about it.", "Oh that's awesome, sure would you ask him if he has a hammock for sale? mine broke, and I like napping int he forest looking up at the stars", "Will do, I'll ask him if he knows anyone how is looking to hire also."], ["I applied to work at a grocery store.", "Oh good! Is it the local market or another one?", "It's the one by the hiking trail. Then I could go for hikes after work.", "That's a great store. I think you'll like working there. My friend worked there for a while and she loved the people. And that's a great trail, too.", "I was thinking of getting a cheap hammock and just leaving it along the river, set up, so anyone can use it. Then I wouldn't have to carry it each time I go. Do you think that would be okay?", "Sure, if you don't mind not being able to use it every time you hike! Hopefully no one else would steal it.", "I don't think many people know about the spot. It's a hidden path off of the main hiking trail. It's a great primitive camping spot too. I think anyone who stumbled upon it might deserve it, I wouldn't consider it stealing.", "Well cool then! Are you going to use the money you make at the store to buy the hammock?", "Yes, but I will not buy the hammock from the store I am trying to work at. I'll buy the hammock online, probably some cheap Chinese one that I won't mind losing.", "That makes sense to me! Say, do you want to meet up and go for a walk or a hike sometime? It's been a while.", "Yeah that sounds awesome! I still have the, ahem, you-know-whats, from last time!", "Haha, that's hilarious. Bring them along if you want! There's nothing like a good piece of camping equipment, after all."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I lived in India in the past.", "My family and I moved to the USA, and we like it there.", "I went to college. I went to school to get a master's degree in business.", "I like to play sports. I play tennis.", "I love to cook food from different cultures. I like to cook Indian, Chinese, and American food.", "I have a job that keeps me busy.", "I like teaching and sharing my knowledge.", "I can make Wonton Soup. I have a good recipe for Wonton Soup. I cook food often. I find recipes online. I know how to cook many Chinese dishes.", " My job is boring but it also keeps me busy. I work in middle management. I enjoy mentoring new grads."], "partner_persona": ["I currently live in Nebraska.", "I have two sisters, and one of them is my twin.", "I went to dentist school, and have been working as a dentist for fourteen years.", "I have gotten divorced from my wife.", "I like metals, my favorite one is gold.", "I love Chinese Food. I like Indian food.", "I like to eat out. I enjoy Wonton soup.", "I know how to cook. I love to eat beef and broccoli. I am interested in making Chinese foods at home."], "current_conv": ["I was thinking I could teach you how to cook Chinese food using the video chat. We can both buy ingredients and then cook over video together, in our own kitchens!", "Oh, that'd be wonderful! You know how much I love Chinese food, but my wallet doesn't! You know, you could take teaching cooking as a sideproject. I could be your guinea pig for that!", "That's a great idea, actually! It could be an alternate career path for me. Do you use Skype? I feel like this is something that could be done virtually!", "Oh, I haven't used Skype in years! Haha, that was for my chats with friends, basically. Lots of Zoom now, as you know. But yeah, I think that's a great idea! And hey, you already have experience with mentoring grads. Would Chinese food be your favorite one to teach?", "That's a good question. I'd probably focus on both Chinese and Indian, since I'm really into those two cuisines. As a customer, what sorts of recipes would be first on your list to learn?", "Oh, something simple! So, I think wonton soup or any other kind of soup would be a good place to start. I'm afraid of starting off with stuff that I can overcook or undercook too heavily. Being able to see a boiling pot will put me at ease. How does that sound?", "That sounds pretty reasonable. Fortunately, Chinese and Indian food can be prepared fairly easily. It's not like French haute cuisine haha.", "Oh, yeah, I'd have to build up to that. What's something you'd want to learn? Out of a different culture, or something tough within one you're familiar? ", "Hmm, in what sense? Food-wise, or in another field? I would be interested in learning another language, definitely.", "Haha, food-wise, but yeah, I'd love to learn Mandarin, myself.", "That's an idea: combine a cooking course with a language course! I'd bet you that there's a big market for that!", "That'd be a wonderful idea! Showing someone how to cook a meal, walking them through different phrases and conventions. All this talk's getting me hungry. Besides soup, I'd love to learn how to make beef and broccoli. I could really go for it now! "], "history_conv": [["Hi, I live in india when I was young. How about you..", "I live in nebraska.", "Okay. My family move to usa. So far I like live here..", "Thats nice. I have two sisters and im a twin.", "That is cool to be a twin. Did you go to college I did.", "Yeah I went to dentist school. Ive been working as one for fourteen years.", "Great. I want for business, I got my master degree in business.", "I recently got divorce. My wife and I dont even sleep together anymore.", "That sad. I play tennis, what sport you play..", "Not really into any sports. Ive been big into metals my fave is gold.", "I love different culture food and cook it..", "What kind of food do you like to cook?", "India, chinese and american food.", "I love chinese food too!"], ["I went to a new restaurant with my friends yesterday, and I found the food very delicious. They serve both Indian and Chinese dishes. I think you will find it great as well, I recommend you should try it out when you get the chance.", "Yeah I think I would like that a lot. Not too many places have Indian and Chinese food at the same location. What did you end up getting?", "I had a couple of curry dishes that I tried. They were pretty great, but not as good as mine.. but I could be bias. Have you ever tried curry?", "No but you told me you made it really well. I would really like to try yours if we can figure out a good night to do it.", "That would be fun! We could do a big get together maybe with your family and a couple friends. Maybe we could all try different things together.", "My twin sister is in town I could invite her. Sounds like a great time. How is tennis going? Get to much recently?", "Of course you should invite her. Tennis is great. I'm enjoying it whenever I can but I get really busy with work. Speaking of.. how goes the dental practice?", "It\u2019s keeping me very busy. Lots of new people are stopping by the practice lately and I\u2019m having to work more hours but I can\u2019t complain. Did you find any job that you qualify for with your masters in business yet? I bet a lot of companies would love to have you.", "I haven't yet but I'm working on it. THe job industry is booming right now and they need workers so it shouldn't be long!", "And I\u2019m sure with your education you would a catch", "Well here's to hoping! Anyhow we should definitely set up a Indian food making party. I think it would be fun and I would be happy to teach you all how to make some basic dishes or even harder ones if you want.", "Yeah I would love to learn. I\u2019m up for the challenge and you\u2019d be a great teacher."], ["Have you had a chance to try any new foods?", "Yes, I went to new Chinese restaurant downtown. I had a really good bowl of war wonton soup. Have you ever made that?", "I have! Wonton soup is fairly easy to make, actually. It doesn't involve too many ingredients, and is hard to mess up. I'd be happy to send you my recipe, if you'd lile.", "Well, that would be awesome. I'd love to try to make it. Where did you get your recipe?", "I found a starter recipe online, and I've tweaked and altered it throughout the years to suit my tastes.", "It sounds wonderful. What are some of your favorite recipes? Like your go-to dinner recipe if you want something fast?", "Hmm... sweet n' sour chicken is a great go-to. Something like beef & broccoli would work too--it's easy to freeze and reheat the following day. Fried rice is also quick to make, but requires that you have refrigerated rice from yesterday's meal for it to work.", "I love beef and broccoli and that is a great recommendation to freeze it. I've never thought of that. How's your job going?", "My job's been alright, I guess. Sometimes busy and a bit boring, but it pays the bills. Can't complain too much about that.", "What do you do again? Are you a teacher?", "No, I'm in middle management, but I do like teaching and mentoring new grads.", "Oh, I see. That does sound like it's pretty busy - no wonder you have all the tips on making food for dinner."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a zookeeper.  I work around penguins.I love animals. My favorite animal at the zoo is a white tiger. I have played music for my animals. I love my job.", "I have a bearded dragon named Sid.  I have a female pet raccoon named Journey. My pet racoon likes to eat anything, but she does like pizza.", "I dont like the fish smell.", "I play the guitar."], "partner_persona": ["I work part-time in a warehouse pulling parts. I am not happy with my job anymore.", "I have two terrier dogs.", "I like to take cruises.", "I would enjoy working at the zoo. I am looking for a job."], "current_conv": ["Do you think my pet raccoon and your dogs should have a play date?", "I think that would be fantastic! I want them to meet!", "I bet they would have so much fun together.  I wonder if my raccoon would be afraid of your dogs though?  We would have to keep everybody on a leash until we see that they get along.", "Oh maybe! My terriers are quite elderly so theyre very mellow if that helps", "Yes, being older dogs will be much better.  I know some of those younger terriers can have quite a lot of energy.  How goes the job hunt? Have you had any offers yet?", "It's going okay. I'm not really in a rush because I'm planning on leaving my part-time and having a small break between starting a new one", "I would love to take some time off.  I've been working at my job for almost 10 years now, and I've only taken 3 vacations in that whole time.  Do you think you'll take a cruise if you take some time off?", "I want to take a Disney cruise. I never have but Ive been watching videos on youtube and they look great. Have you ever been on one?", "Nope. I know a lot of people who have been on cruises and they always love them, but it's one kind of vacation I have no interest in.  I would much rather go camping.", "Is that how you found Journey?", "No.  One of my friends found two baby raccoons in her yard, the mom had been run over by a car.  It was really sad.  She gave me one and she kept one.  Sometimes we get together and let them play.  ", "That's awful. Have you had a pet raccoon before?"], "history_conv": [["Hey...how are you?", "Hi there. Good. Just chillin watch a movie kinda lol.", "Nice...what do you do for work?", "I work in ac warehouse. Pulling parts. Part time tho.", "Sounds fun....i work at the zoo as a zoo keeper! I love animals!.", "Wow! What is your favorite animal there?", "I'd have to say the white tiger!.", "Neat. Do yall play music for the tigers? Keep em calm.", "Haha no...can't say that we do....do you have any pets at home?", "Bummer. I was gonna suggest green day punk. I have 2 dogs tho.", "What kind of dogs? I have a pet raccoon named journey and a bearded dragon named sid.", "Whoa. My dogs are terriers. What do ya feed a raccoon? Pizza?", "Haha she does like pizza! Anything she can get her little hands on.", "So what you do for fun? I adore cruises!"], ["Yesterday at work I tried playing some music for the white tigers as you suggested, they did seem to enjoy listening!", "That sounds like a great time! Did they purr like household cats?", "They sure did! It was just much, much louder. It makes me wonder how your pups would react.", "I'm sure they'd be running the opposite way with their tails tucked if they saw a tiger. Haha. If you're talking about the music, than I'm sure they'd enjoy it and jump all over you. Are there any other animals you've tried playing to?", "Haha Journey and Sid have experienced quite a few home concerts! I'll have to invite you over one of these nights to witness it all.", "It sounds really fun! Do you have any penguins at your zoo or seals?", "Just penguins. They're sooo cute but you have to watch out because they can get feisty. I love my job so much. I hope you can find small things to enjoy about yours.", "It's very repetitive. At first, it was interesting, but now it's boring. I hope to get a promotion, so I can learn something interesting again. Haha. I'm sure working with animals is an everyday thrill.", "I'd gladly have you help out for a few days if I could! The excrement won't pick itself up, unfortunately. You would get to feed some penguins to make up for that though.", "Haha. That sounds like a lovely time. How do you get the fish smell off of your hands afterwards?", "You don't :( Sometimes I think I'd rather trade fish for oil and grease.", "The only thing that gets the grease off is dish soap. Have you ever tried vinegar? I heard it neutralizes a lot of odors."], ["How is your job going? Have you thought about doing something you find more fulfilling?", "To be honest I\u2019m at the end of my tether.... I\u2019m out of here as soon as I have someone decent in hand!", "I can talk to the administration out here at the zoo to see if you'd be able to qualify for an entry level position here if you want!", "Omg... that would be like a dream come true... I\u2019ll take anything at this point and trust me you won\u2019t regret it! Truly appreciate the referral... I feel good just thinking about the possibility:)", "I'll send them an email later today. I can't guarantee the work will be fabulous in any manner, usually the entry level positions start out cleaning enclosures and feeding less dangerous animals. But the pay is pretty decent and usually they'll provide on the job training. If you can get into a full time position they also offer benefits and help to pay for schooling so you can progress in the field more quickly!", "You have no idea how grateful I am for this opportunity! I realize it will be an entry level position and what that means but at this point in my life I just needed to switch lanes and this is the perfect sign. I can\u2019t wait to play some music for the white tiger ...", "We'll get you there someday, but it took me forever to get to that point in my career. We'll start you out playing music for something a little less \"man-eaty\" first. lol. Also, I have to deal with the penguins again in a bit, so I think I'll try your tip about using vinegar to get rid of the smell after work!", "Haha... ya I gotta earn that... I get it ;) Let me know how the vinegar works out ...", "You bet! How are your dogs doing?", "They are doing great, thanks! They rock... I mean, they are like Zen mastars... I\u2019ve learned so much from them! I am imagining a house concert at your place with our pets soon after I start working at the zoo!", "I can probably bring out the old guitar for the pets if you'd like, don't even have to wait for when you start. Do you have any free time next week?", "How about Friday?! If that works for you.... it\u2019ll be a blast woof woof!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love art and music. I love to paint.", "I have favourite cars.", "I had a good upbringing.", "I volunteer in the community. I volunteer at the hospital.", "My favorite color is turquoise. I have a craft room. I made origami and a 3d swan.", "Interested in origami. I want to try more origami patterns.", "I want to travel to Italy. Enjoys meeting new people."], "partner_persona": ["I go running. I want to sing. I like to sing.", "I've visited 20 countries. I've been to Italy. I Enjoyed museums. Like the local color. Likes Italian food. Likes to go to small family restaurants.", "I do not like to garden. I travel a lot.", "My favorite color is turquoise.", "I want to volunteer at a hospital.", "I have not tried origami. I have been to Japan. bought local crafts and likes to display them.", "Likes to travel. has trouble keeping in touch with people they meet."], "current_conv": ["I tried the origami Lotus that you suggested. It turned it out great.", "That's awesome! Where did you learn how to do it?", "I learned it by myself in my craft room, I made it our fav color. I wish I could visit where they were originally created.", "Oh, nice. Do you mean you want to go to Japan? What's stopping you?", "Well my first plan is to go to italy, did you have any trouble with japans customs?", "I didn't have much trouble, but the visa wasn't cheap. Still, I think it was worth it. Japan is an amazing country with a lot to offer.", "When are you going to try origami? I could teach you.", "In a few weeks I'll have more time. Maybe we could try then. What's the easiest thing to start with?", "Well something like a cup is super easy, other things require cutting the paper.I haven't tried that many, but we can try some together", "That sounds like a great idea. I would really like to make origami animals. It think it'd be cute. Are those hard to make?", "Well it depend on if you're talking about just their heads or if you want to make their whole body, I think the heads are easier.", "I would prefer to make their whole bodies, just a head seems a bit weird. Do you think it'd be too advanced for me?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I hope you're having a great day. How are you feeling?.", "I'm good thanks. Great day. Just finished a run. Now I want to sing.", "Oh nice! I love art and music. Kind of similar to you, I love to paint!", "That's awesome. I love the paint colour turquoise. It reminds me of sea water.", "That's a beautiful color. I prefer red, because it reminds me of my favorite cars.", "Nice. I saw nice sports cars in italy. I've visited 20 countries.", "That's so cool. It's so awesome to travel and meet new people.", "Exactly. My parents are high school sweet hearts. So I'm lucky they support me. Whatever I do.", "That's really cool. I also had a fortunate upbringing so I love to help people.", "That's great. What do you do to help people?", "I volunteer for various service projects around the community.", "Fantastic. Doing volunteer work is very honorable. Do you enjoy it?", "I do! It gives me meaning and fulfillment.", "Well you're very lucky to have found that in life. It isn't always easy."], ["Did you go for a long run today?", "No, I decided to take the day off. I'm planning to go on long runs the next two days though. Did you have a chance to paint today?", "No, like you I have been too busy.  The weather has been beautiful so I worked in the garden today.  Tomorrow I will be volunteering at the hospital so it will be next week before I can paint again.", "That's great that you're finding time to volunteer though! Do you have much growing in the garden yet?", "A few things are started but not producing yet.  How about you...do you like to garden?", "Not much. Sometimes I get too busy with traveling to feel like I garden much. That said, some of the gardens I've visited across the world have been beautiful. Have you ever worked at a community garden?", "No I haven't worked in any community gardens.  By the way, you mentioned your favorite color is turquoise...mine too.  I am in my craft room right now and that's the color it is painted.", "I'm a huge fan of turquoise! The outside of my house is painted that color. What are you working on in the craft room?", "I just have a few things I am painting.  Need to get them finished up next week.", "Cool. I would love to get a studio room in my house where I could practice my singing, but I can't afford it yet. Speaking of which, have you looked at any new cars?", "Heck no!  The way prices are right now, I'll be lucky to ever get a new car.  You?", "Not really, I might get a car for some situations but I'm trying to do as much as I can just with running and biking."], ["How was volunteering at the hospital?", "It was good! I'm glad you recommended I try it. Have you made any new crafts lately?", "Yeah I did! I actually made some really nice origami. I made a 3D modular swan! It needed a bit of glue, but it looks really nice!", "Oh cool! I have never tried origami but I saw it when I was abroad. Do you think you will try to make more shapes?", "Yeah for sure! I don't know what I'm gonna make next yet, but I'll let you know! Did you seem them in Japan?", "Yes I did! A small shop was selling pieces of origami. I bought a turquoise lotus and was actually able to get it home on the plane intact. I keep it on my desk. Maybe you can try making a lotus next!", "Oh wow that sounds nice! For sure, I'll see what I can do, haha. Do you have a favorite country you've visited?", "Ooh that's a tough question. I really enjoyed Italy. I spent a lot of time there visiting museums. If you are ever able to visit I think you would love it. There are artists everywhere selling one of a kind pieces of work.", "Wow, I'm sure it must have been a great experience! I would love to visit there someday. I met someone at the hospital I volunteer at who visited Italy, and they sound they visited some really nice art museums and restaurants. Did you go to any nice restaurants while you were there?", "Oh yes. I love Italian food so I was in heaven. My favorite restaurants were small family owned places with fresh homemade pasta. It seems like you meet a lot of really interesting people at the hospital. Hopefully I can volunteer there again soon, too!", "Oh yeah, I've met a ton of interesting people volunteering! I'm sure you've met quite a few interesting people too from all the countries you've visited?", "That's true, but unfortunately it is a bit hard to keep in touch with people from my travels. I would imagine that volunteering at the hospital helps you meet a lot of local people. I travel so often that I don't really know too many people in town!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been a dentist for 14 years. I hate when people forget their teeth.", "I live in the midwest.", "My life isn't great. I have a wife who does not sleep in the same room as me.", "My favorite is gold.", "I have a twin sister.", "I am concerned about what I eat and my health. I feel that there isn't enough time to eat healthy. I do not like what my diet consists of.", "I tried Beyond Meat. Regular meat tastes to much better than Beyond Meat.  I probably won't eat Beyond Meat again. I have not tried Impossible Burgers.", "I want to eat healthier. I cook a bunch of meals at once so I can eat them later.", "I have a job.  I make chicken twice a week for dishes.  I am worried about my health and my diet."], "partner_persona": ["I brush my teeth a lot. My teeth are in my backpack.", "I want to be a nurse.", "I am vegan. I still crave meat I like the Beyond Meat replacement. I agree that the replacement Beyond Meat messes up my insides.", "I have seen the movie Goldmember.", "I don't cook. I order out food a lot."], "current_conv": ["I tried the Impossible Burger and I LOVE it!", "Do you think you'll turn vegan now?", "I'm not sure yet, though I'll definitely be incorporating more vegan and vegetarian dishes into my diet.", "How's your twin sister? I've heard of siblings who end up both turning vegan. My sister for instance is also vegan", "She's not as health conscious as me. Somehow we turned out pretty differently haha. Did your sister go vegan around the same time as you?", "She was a vegan since high school! Her health class really influenced her. I might try to cook more food instead of ordering out. Do you have any recipes?", "There's a stuffed peppers recipe I have that's amazing. I've never tried it using a meat substitute, but I bet that you could use the Impossible Burger as the filling.", "Maybe you can try stuffed peppers with chicken? I actually miss chicken haha", "Haha yes I could certainly try that, but I'm trying to think of things you'd like, too! Maybe you could use seitan instead of chicken!", "What's seitan? I've never heard of this actually", "It's a plant protein product. It uses soy if I'm not mistaken. I once tried it at a Thai restaurant and was blown away at how tasty it was!", "I love thai food! Maybe you can take me there one day"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, I hope you've brushed your teeth this morning.", "I brush my teeth a lot. I brought my teeth in my backpack today.", "That's great, in my 14 year as a dentist I hate when people forget them.", "I am hoping to do omething imilar, I wanna be a nurse.", "There is high demand for nurses in the midwest where I live.", "Great but I don't want to relocate no vegans there only cows.", "My life isn't great here, my wife won't even sleep in the same room as me.", "Sounds terrible get a divorce.", "Well, then I would have to give back my gold wedding ring, and gold is my favorite.", "Did you ever see the movie goldmember?", "No, but my twin sister did. She raves about it constantly.", "You should see it you'd like it if you like gold."], ["How long have you been a vegan?", "I became a vegan 3 years ago.  I choked on a hotdog and almost died.  Stopped eating meat after that.", "I can see how that would change your outlook on life. Has it been hard staying vegan?", "It's not that bad, Beyond Meat has really helped when I crave the taste.", "I've never tried Beyond Meat. Does it really taste like meat?", "100 percent.  I did a blind taste test with my neighbor and he couldn't tell the difference.  You should try it.", "I will. I love a good burger but worry about what it is doing to my insides.", "I won't lie, sometimes I get a little twisted up inside if I eat Beyond Meat products on back to back days.  It's a rare treat.", "I imagine eating straight veggies and rice and other natural ingredients is much better for the body, but sometimes there isn't enough time to prepare a meal from scratch.", "Oh, I don't cook.  I order all my meals from EatCLeanBro.  They have lot's of vegan dishes and it's not terribly expensive.", "I've never heard of them. I'm learning so much tonight. There are many nights where I'm exhausted after work and I end up shoving garbage in my mouth becuase it's convenient.", "Oh I do that too.  Being vegan doesn't mean that I don't enjoy candy bars and italian ice!"], ["I tried the Beyond Meat you told me about.", "How did you like, and how did you cook it?", "I was not much of a fan of the product. I do not think I would eat it again. Regular meat is much better.", "It's not for everyone, but I sure like it. There are other options too like impossible burgers. Have you tried those?", "I have not tried those yet. Maybe I will give them a try. Can they be bought at a regular grocery store?", "Yes, they are right there with the meat usually. I know you said you wanted to eat a little healthier. Sadly, though, vegan products like these are high in fat.", "Well, I think if I can find some low carbohydrates foods, I will be okay with the high fat content.", "Yeah, I try but it's hard when I don't cook and order everything. I'm curious if you have any recipes for some go-to dinner meals like if you're in a hurry to eat?", "I like to try and meal prep the best I can because I can get a bunch of meals out of the way in a short amount of time. Then when I am in a rush, I already have a meal made in the fridge.", "Yes! That makes a lot of sense to me. What kinds of things are you prepping for work?", "I like to grill chicken in the beginning and middle of the week. I think its a quick entr\u00e9e and can be used for many different dishes.", "That's a good idea. Great for a diet too. I know you said you were worried about your health and what you eat."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My father is a truck driver. I rode with my dad often.", "My family is active. I like to work outdoors.", "I play basketball often. My mother is Canadian.", "I am short.", "I like to read. I like dystopian fiction. I am reading Margaret Atwood. I love the show Handmaid's Tale. I was to young to appreciate 1984 when I read it. I know my authors work. I grew up lonely and reading. I am currently reading '1984'.", "I am indecisive.", "I like to hike if I can go slowly.", "I have a great recipe for homemade lemonade."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals. I have a kind heart.", "My mother is a doctor and my father is a fireman.", "I have multiple animals. I read a lot. I would rather read with my animals than be outdoors. I am reading Stephen King. I am reading Later. I have watched a tv adaptation of your book. I like tv that makes me think.", "I like to hike sometimes.", "I like dark, thought provoking movies.", "My parents worked alot, so i began reading alot. I used to read to my mom.", "I have read 1984.", "I love lemonade."], "current_conv": ["Tell me about some of the pets that you have.", "Haha I'll have to go one at a time. Each one is so unique! One is a Chocolate Lab who is totally silly.", "I love animals! I didn't grow up with pets. I hope I can get a dog", "That's a great idea! Have you thought about the kind of dog you'd like to get?", "I thought about a big dog that can come with me outdoors. Do you have any suggestions?", "Sounds like my Lab! In all seriousness, Labs make great big dogs as they are super friendly and they get along well with other dogs.", "Thanks for the suggestion, I'll have to keep that in mind. Have you seen any dark movies lately?", "I don't know if it counts, but I recently re-watched The Green Mile. Have you ever seen it?", "No, is it fairly new? Did you watch it online?", "No, it was made a few decades ago. It has Tom Hanks in the main role, and he gives an incredible performance!", "Oh no way! Tom Hanks went to my college!", "No kidding! Which school did you attend?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! Tell me something about yourself!", "I like animals and have a kind heart.", "That's really nice :) it's cool to find someone with a nice heart.", "Yes, having a doctor mom and fireman dad has made me very kind in general.", "That's great! My parents are a bit different, my dad is a truck driver.", "Does he ever read while driving? I am a big reader myself.", "That's dangerous. We're more of an active family though, I like working outdoors.", "I prefer to sit on the couch with my animal friends and read.", "Nice! I also play basketball often. My outdoor genes come from my canadian mother.", "I sometimes like to go hiking with my animal friends as well.", "Oh nice :) hiking is tough because it takes me longer to walk, since I'm short.", "I'm really kind, so I wouldn't make fun of you if you went hiking with me."], ["What book are you currently reading?", "I'm reading a Stephen King novel. Are you reading anything? What's your favorite genre of book?", "Oh nice, I like Stephen King too. Which of his novels are you reading? I like dystopian fiction, currently reading Margaret Atwood, supporting Canadian authors lol", "I'm reading his newest novel, Later. Oh, I've seen a TV adaptation of one of Margaret Atwood's books!", "Is it Handmaid's tale? I love that show", "Yes, me too. It was dark, but thought provoking. Do you recommend anything else like it?", "After I read Handmaid's Tale I read 1984, which was similar. I read it in highschool, but couldn't truly appreciate it back then.", "1984. That's written by George Orwell?", "Yup, he also wrote Animal Farm, which is also very dark and thought provoking, and you might like it since it's about animals!", "Yeah, I do like dark and thought provoking movies. Bonus that it's about animals. I'll try giving it a shot. You seem to know a lot of literature.", "I used to sit in the truck on long trips with my dad, and had nothing to do other than read.", "Ah, that makes sense. I started reading when my parents were at work. My mom was working a lot, and sometimes she brought me to the hospital where I'd read at her desk. What does your mom do for work?"], ["I looked into the 1984 book we were speaking about before.", "oh ya? did you start reading it yet?", "Yeah! It was much better this time around I definitely understood all of the nuances now that I am older!", "i always thought it was a little bit weird to have us read it in high school. definitely more to appreciate to read as an adult i think. have you picked out the next book that you want to read yet?", "I'm not sure what I want to read next! I can be very indecisive. Do you have a good book to reccomend?", "hmm.....i read a book once call 1q84 which is a very surreal type book, which sounds like what you like! warning though, it is verry long. i really think it might be up your alley if you can commit to that long of a book", "I definitely have a lot of free time right so I will take a look at it!", "then that is perfect! it should keep you busy for quite a long time. we should schedule a hike together sometime to balance out all the reading with some exercise too. would you be interested?", "As long as we go slow so I can keep up! Where do you usually hike?", "we can go as fast or slow as you like. it's not as much about the speed for me anyway. i really like to enjoy and take in the sights and the fresh air. then great, i will find a good hike for us, and maybe we could plan a picnic too. what kinds of picnic foods do you like?", "I can make sandwiches for us! I also have a very good recipe for homemade lemonade! Do you like lemonade?", "i love lemonade! it will be so refreshing after a hike. lemonade and sandwiches will be perfect. i hope the weather stays nice enough for our hike and picnic"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to learn new languages.", "Baseball is my favorite activity.", "I am getting my marketing degree. I want to design ads. Through school I am working on a project for Nabisco.", "I like seafood.", "My favorite MLB team is the Yankees.  I would like to apply for a marketing position with MLB. I have thought of a project to market the MLB to women.", "I am good at shopping.", "I have a truck.", "I have a book called 'Baseball for Dummies'.", "I am good at making grilled food."], "partner_persona": ["I speak spanish. i like to run.", "My favorite artist is sufjan stevens. My favorite Sufjan song is Tell Me You Love Me.", "I'm a personal accountant and work on taxes.", "I like high protein food.", "I haven't gotten into baseball.  I like to exercise in baseball fields.", "I am a number cruncher.  I can't remember my dreams most of the time.", "I recently moved into a new apartment.  I still haven't finished unpacking even though I don't have a lot of things.  I need to go shopping for some items to fill my new apartment."], "current_conv": ["I just realized there's a baseball game on tonight.  We can watch together and you can explain things as they happen if you want.", "I'm not sure I can explain it very well. I think you'd do a better job of that.", "I figure it will help you learn if you try explaining as you watch it. Whenever you can't explain, I would explain it. I like to order food when I watch baseball games. Do you like pizza?", "Oh, that makes sense but I don't have a strong desire to learn all the rules. I do however like pizza at all times. What type of pizza do you like?", "I like pineapple pizza and bacon pizza. Bacon pizza is high in protein so you should like that. If you can learn the ins and outs of accounting, I'm sure you can learn baseball. I remember my dad taught me a lot about baseball when I was 12 years old.", "That's an interesting combination on pizza. I guess I could try to learn if you really want me to. Could you lend me your book?", "Yes, sure. I didn't mean I like the combination. Those are two different kinds of pizza I like. If you learn enough, you could join me and my other friends for some baseball games. Me and some other friends organize a baseball game every month or so.", "Oh, I thought you liked both of those things on one pizza, kind of like hawaiian pizza. It would be fun to join you and your friends, especially if pizza is involved.", "Yeah, we sometimes order takeout or go out to eat somewhere after our games. I'm sure that all your running means that you will have great speed and endurance in the game. I'm good at batting, running, and catching. However, I am not that good at throwing the ball as I would like to be.", "That sounds fun. Wow, I didn't realize there were so many elements to the game. Is it important to be good at all of them?", "It depends on what position you will play. As long as your team has a mix of all the talents, I'd say the team will probably do well. My dad used to teach me the best way to hit a home run. I hit my first home run in a school league when I was 14!", "Wow, that's pretty impressive! It seems too hard to focus on being good at everything. I'd rather focus on one element of the game if I were to learn."], "history_conv": [["Hi do you speak any other languages? I love to learn.", "I speak spanish also. Do you like to run? It my favorite exercise.", "Sure, baseball is my favorite activity though..", "Havs you listened to sufjan stevens? He is my favorite artist.", "Yes, I would love to design ads for his work after getting my marketing degree.", "Im his personal accountant. Im currently working on his taxes.", "I've heard he also likes seafood, which I do as well.", "Im into high proteins. Wouldn't mind some seafood.", "Seafood has tons of protein.", "I just recently moved to this apartment. I still haven't unpacked.", "My apartment has a baseball field nearby which is really great since I like to play.", "Can I go for a run there? I need my exercise for the day."], ["Can you send me some of sufjan's music?", "There's Tell me You Love Me. I think that's my favorite song by him. How is school going? You said marketing; is that right?", "School is going well.  I would love to get a job in the marketing department of the MLB.", "Would you ever consider joining the MLB if you had the chance? Since, baseball is your favorite activity.", "I'm not good enough to play, but if I complete my marketing degree I would certainly try to apply for a position with the MLB or my favorite team, the Yankees.  Do you like baseball?", "I don't think I've really ever gotten into baseball. I do like to exercise in the baseball field. I don't know what it is. Something about the soft dirt is therapeutic. So you want to make ads for the MLB? Have you already got some designs in mind?", "Yes, I think the MLB needs to market itself more to women.  I am thinking of a calendar with baseball studs from around the league.  What do you think?  Too cliche?", "No! I think that's a great marketing idea. I haven't seen anything like that at all. What projects are you working on now in school? Do you work for any brands?", "My school actually has a coop program with Nabisco...I am working on a project with Oreos for Gay Pride month where the stuffing is rainbow colored instead of white.", "That sounds awesome. Are you one of the people who helped with the whole Lady Gaga Oreos?", "I wish I did.  The inspiration for that actually came to a marketing intern in a dream if you can imagine that!", "I guess your imagination would be your best friend in that line of work. That's quite amazing. Most of the time I can't remember what I dream about. I just crunch numbers. Nothing very imaginative about that."], ["How are you enjoying your new apartment, have you unpacked yet?", "Not yet. To be honest I do not have much to unpack, I need to go shopping for furniture to fill the place up.", "Would you like some company? I am good at shopping!", "Yeah sure, I could do with help on what to get. I am new to all of this so wouldn't eve know where to start.", "I have a truck too, so I can help you deliver some of the furniture. I really think it would help you cut down on the cost of the delivery.", "That's a really good idea. I see the deliver of items is some times more than the item costs! Maybe while you are over you can help me understand baseball a bit more.", "Oh yes for sure. I have a Baseball for dummies guide book I can give you. I think it is very informative.", "Amazing, I like the idea of it since I see people playing all the time in the fields I run in. I just do not fully understand it though. That book should give me a good start.", "Well , how about we go shop for some things for the apartment, then we can head back to you apartment to cook some food and talk about baseball.", "Sounds awesome. What food do you usually cook?", "I can throw some meat on the grill and make some baked potatoes. How does that sound?", "Sounds good, anything with high protein content and I'm in."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a Paramore fan.", "I am a grad student.  I have 6 cats. One of them escaped recently and I had to search for it.", "I have an older sister.", "I try to be healthy.", "I live in the country.", "I play piano with my dad.", "My cats do not live ourdoors.", "I would like to have more cats."], "partner_persona": ["I am a Paramore fan.", "I am a mom. I am married.", "I don't have a lot of free time.  I watch movies.", "I have started trying healthy cooking. I am trying to get my family to eat less meat. My kids have gotten into eating fish.", "I think it would be fun to own a pet goat but my husband doesn't want one. Our home is on one acre of overgrown land."], "current_conv": ["My cat got out again this afternoon!", "Which one! The black and white one?", "Yes. It's the same one that got out last time! He's an escape artist.", "That's amazing. Did you find the cat? Aren't you worried getting another cat might lead to more trouble haha", "I was able to find him pretty quickly. I think he just does it for fun and to get me all riled up! Hopefully, if I get another cat, the others will teach him how to stay indoors!", "I've never had a cat. Do you think theyre good animals around kids?", "Cats are the best! The more the merrier. Ha! Yes, I think cats are good around kids. I don't know about babies, but kids for sure. They're pretty tolerant, but they will let you know if they don't like something. ", "Maybe I'll get a cat instead of a goat LOL my husband might like cats more", "It wouldn't hurt to ask. What does he think about dogs? I'm not a dog person, but maybe he is? Cats are pretty independent. Maybe he just wants something that will listen to him, like a dog?", "I think my kids want something untraditional, hence the goat haha. Did you raise dogs before?", "A goat sure is untraditional, for sure. And it will help with the overgrowth. I haven't had dogs, just cats. I prefer them and they're mostly quiet, which I like. Dogs require much more hands on.", "What are your cats names? Anything paramore inspired?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, I hope you're a paramore fan like I am.", "Hello, yes I am. What are you doing?", "Most of my time is spent being a grad student and taking care of my 6 cats.", "Wow, 6 cats, I am a mom so I understand.", "My older sister teaches small children, and I find that cats are very similar to them.", "Yes, that is what I have heard. What do you do for fun?", "I sometimes play piano with my dad who is a professional pianist. You?", "That sounds really fun, I am into healthy cooking.", "I try to be healthy so that I can stick around to provide for the cats.", "That is how I feel about my children. Where do you live?", "I live out in the country with plenty of room for all of my animals.", "Yes, I would stay away from traffic. California is awful.", "I don't want them to get run over that's for sure!", "I don't have a lot of free time but I try to watch movies when I can."], ["My dad and I met up to play piano together the other day.", "Very cool! Do you have two pianos, or did you share one keyboard?", "We played one piano together, it was lots of fun. At one point one of our cats tried to jump on the keys too lol", "Ha! Reminds me of that song Kitten on the Keys!", "Oh I've never heard it, will look it up haha. How is your healthy cooking going? Learn any new recipies?", "I've learned to make oven-baked sweet potato fries! They're really tasty, and so much healthier than normal fries.", "oven-baked sweet potato fries? my mouth is watering already", "You should try it! I can send you the recipe sometime soon. I'm trying to get our family to eat less meat, but my husband isn't too keen on the idea.", "Sounds like your husband loves meat, how about your kids?", "They're actually really into fish, which isn't so bad. I like to think that they take after their mother!", "fish for the kids, and steak for the husband then lol", "Yes, perhaps he'll feel peer pressure from all of us haha. Are you keeping up with the healthy lifestyle?"], ["One of our cats escaped the other day, we drove all over trying to find her; she eventually found her way back last night.", "I had a freind whose cat did the same thing.  Im glad it came back.  I know how stressful that can be", "Yes stressful! She is not an outdoor cat. I assumed the worst, that she had been hit by a car or something.", "The important thing is she home now.  were the other cats worried too?", "It is interesting that you say that, because although they don't understand what is going on, I think that they felt it.", "i imagine your cats roam around like a tiny pride of lions so one missing would have them acting different.", "haha definitely! I was thinking about getting more cats, but I am worried I might become one of those crazy cat people.", "do what makes you happy.  Im one goat away from being the crazy goat lady", "haha, really? How many goats do you have?", "none, but all it takes is the one!  I wouldnt know what to do with a goat if I got one.  It would make the yard work easier though", "hahaha that is hilarious. Do you have enough space to house a goat?", "we have about an acre and it is overgrown so a goat would help but my husband says no.  I think it will be fun."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm an artist that paints. I started painting in high school when i was a loner.", "I have a dog.", "I like rock music. I like Jimi Hendrix and i painted a portrait of him.", "I am painting a portrait.", "I painted a picture of dolphins.", "I am a vet who only deals with land animals.", "I love to paint jellyfish. I like to paint and I use pigmants that I create from plants. I find the plants in nature.", "Red is my favorite color.  I like to make red from beetroot, rose petals, cranberries, and strawberries."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a warehouse.", "I like punk music.", "I like pizza.", "I enjoy travelling and going on cruises because i like the ocean and the sea creatures. My favorite are manatees.", "I go on excursions.  I'm afraid of jellyfish but never been stung by one.", "Red is my favorite color."], "current_conv": ["I thought of you as I picked some rose petals which I turned into a pretty red hue!", "Well that is exciting. What kind of painting are you working on?", "I am always looking for something new to paint. I tend to use red way too much though. My latest is an apple orchard watercolor.  ", "That sounds like a good time. You know me, can't have too much red. How far along are you?", "Eh- I like it one minute and I think I am done and then the next I HATE it! lol- So are you planning any cruises in the near future? I would love to go with you. I promise I will help you not get stung by a jellyfish if we did any ocean swimming.", "Those things are all over the ocean! I have a cruise coming up in a few months. You can still book! It is a 10 day cruise leaving from NJ to the Caribbean. Think you can make it?", "Probably- I am always able to take time away but please swear that you will not subject me to your punk music unless we have had a few stiff drinks!", "There will be many drink and much punk. That is perfect. We can also alternate choices with drinks. Will you bring your paints?", "I would probably try to bring some to so some painting up on one of the decks. It sounds like it could be a blast. We could eat till we burst. I love that cruises always have so much food. I haven't cruised out of NJ yet. Send me all the details so I can check it out. I like to book excursions outside the cruise line on Viator so would like to know itinerary.", "I've used Viator as well. It is very good. We will eat for days! NJ cruises are fine. No better or worse than lots of spots on the northeast coast. I'll send details shortly. This will be fun!", "Great! We will have to plan a bunch before we leave. I would love to get a cabin close to yours. What cruise line is it? ", "Royal Caribbean. I am sure there are cabins left and I fully support any brunches. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you like spending time in nature?", "If you count cruising as nature time then I do. Is that what you are into? Being outdoors?", "Yea, I'm an artist so I like setting up my easel and painting the scenery.", "I work in a warehouse so I should look into expressing my creativity that way.", "Ah a warehouse. You a foreman? I am a veterinarian.", "I work part time so no. Do you have animals of your own?.", "Yes I do. I typically bring my dog with me when I go paint.", "If I painted, I would listen to punk music. Do you have a favorite style of music?", "I love rock music. Doesn't really align with my other interests.", "It fits just fine. It's almost lunch time, I think I'm going to order a pizza.", "Pizza is da bomb! Save me some haha.", "Oh, I will try to!"], ["I think I'm almost done with one of my portraits!", "That's awesome! Who did you paint?", "I painted Jimi Hendrix! Gotta honor the gods haha.", "Awesome! How long have you been an artist?", "I started when I was in high school. I was kind of a loner, so it kept me from abject misery lol.", "I think we all go through that eventually. I like to travel and go on cruises. Nothing like seeing seas creature on the way there. It's a whole other world in the ocean it seems. You should make a painting of it sometime.", "Maybe I'll have to! Underwater scenes are really technically difficult to paint. I'll have to bring my a-game!", "I think the most difficult part would be getting all of the shades of blue. It's outstanding what the ocean looks like. Have you painted any of the work you do? Like maybe a painting of an x ray of a pregnant animal?", "That's a cool idea! A bit wild, but hey, there's probably a market for that stuff!", "I'm sure other veterinarian offices would buy it if you made posters and stuff like that. Showing what kind of worms look like what or diseases and rashes, stuff like that. I bet you could make bank if there are any veterinarian offices where the walls look bare.", "Haha veterinarians don't always have the best aesthetic sense. I think there's a market there, though! Maybe I could put some of my work on our office's instagram account.", "I think that would be a great idea. As long as you know the right people; I'm sure you could sell a lot of work in different areas. People, animals, scenery, and landscapes. Maybe try to go to an art auction and see if you could sale anything there?"], ["I was thinking about our conversation and i started painting a picture of dolphins", "That's great.  Have you ever treated a dolphin as a veterinarian?", "No, I deal strictly with land animals. What is your favorite sea creature?", "There are all sorts of great sea creatures, from whales and dolphins to sharks and sea snakes. But I think my favorite are manatees.  Such peaceful creatures.  How about you?", "I love and love to paint jellyfish, they are such peaceful creatures. Have you ever been stung by one while out on an excursion?", "No, fortunately I haven't.  I know they can be deadly so I'm a little afraid of them.  But I agree that they're gorgeous creatures and great subjects for paintings.  I'd love to see some of your jellyfish paintings.  Do you paint with oil paints or watercolors or what?", "I paint with pigments that I create from various plants, I am all about the plants, they sing to me like a rock and in their prime!", "Oh wow, you really are an artist!  Do you grow the plants yourself or find them in nature?", "I like to go out into nature with my dog and see what can be found, I would never think about painting with pigments that came from some warehouse.", "What is your favorite color and what ingredients do you use to make it?  My favorite color is red.", "Red is my favorite color as well and my favorite reds are made with  beetroot, rose petals, cranberries, and strawberries. I know, it sounds like a crazy vegetarian pizza!", "Wow, that's amazing.  I think I would end up eating most of your paints, either before or after you'd used them.  Now I really need to see your paintings!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I read the book \"Twilight.\".", "I love animals.", "I am too young to drive.", "My mother is a doctor.", "I love tomatoes on hamburgers.", "I just got a pair of new glasses and a pair of sunglasses on sale. I like rectangular glasses.", "I have black hair.", "I have black rectangular glasses. My sunglasses are bigger than my glasses. I had clear plastic sunglasses in the past. I had Coach sunglasses."], "partner_persona": ["I love reading murder mystery novels.", "I sell cars for a living.", "My mother was a police officer. My mother has been a cop for 14 years.", "My favorite band is 5 Finger Death Punch.", "I need new new eyeglasses. My current glasses give me a headache. I need new glasses. I have an optometrist appointment next week. I have insurance.", "I have a garden that I planted myself. I plant tomatoes, carrots, green beans.", "I have never had prescription sunglasses before. I like basic black rimmed rectangular glasses. I have a tiny head.", "I have brown hair. I have had blonde hair in the past.", "I had clear plastic sunglasses in the past.", "I am not brand loyal. I am going to buy glasses and sunglasses."], "current_conv": ["Did you change your appointment to Lenscrafters? ", "I did. It's a better fit for me all around. I can't wait to get my prescription sunglasses!", "They're the best. I like to get my sunglasses wild and crazy and keep my regular glasses boring. What did you get?", "I ended up getting a pair of Ray-Bans. They were expensive but I think they will last. I'll have to adjust to bring both sets of glasses, so I can switch them out when I walk into a store/restaurant. ", "That's what I do. It's not too annoying. How is your garden growing?", "It's not booming, like usual. But we've had some weird weather, I am hoping it catches up. Do you have any pets? I want to get a dog.", "Not yet. I want to get a cat, I'm waiting for my mom to take me up to the shelter since I can't drive yet.", "That's awesome you want to rescue one! I definitely want to rescue a dog. Are you parents excited about getting a cat?", "I don't know, my mom isn't home much because of her job. But she does at least believe that I need to learn how to care for the animals I love to play with so much.", "That's good. Have you thought about what you will name the cat yet? That's always fun.", "I'm not sure. I like giving animals \"Proper\" names. I think it's funny. Something like Dr. Fuzzykins", "That's cute. I love weird names."], "history_conv": [["Hello, what are you doing?", "Hi, I was just out tending to my garden, what about you?", "I just finished reading a really good book called twilight.", "I love reading too! Murder mystery novels are my favorite though.", "Cool, do you have any animals? I love them.", "Nah I'm more of a car person, which is why I sell them for a living.", "I am to young to drive but that sounds like a fun job.", "Yeah it's much less stressful than my mom's job. She was a police officer.", "I understand, I never see my mom because she is a doctor.", "My doctor and I have the same favorite band: 5 finger death punch. What about your mom?", "I don't know what type of music she likes..", "Well, you should find out!", "I will ask her tomorrow when she gets off work.", "I hope you will, it's all I like to listen to when I get off work myself."], ["I started reading the second book in the \"Twilight\" series.", "Having a doctor as your mother muyst be exciting.  I guess if you get hurt, she's right there ready to help.", "true she is,  have you been listening to 5 finger death punch lately?", "Not much, I've had a headache for a few days so no music or reading right now.  I think I need new glasses.  Are you enjoying the new Twilight book youre reading?", "yes I am except I thought it was going to have more action. its still a good read that I would recommend. how long was youre mother a cop?", "Just for the record. don't call them cops to their face...they don't like that.  I learned the hard way.  She's been on the force for 14 years and she loves it.  I guess we both have mothers with exciting careers.", "legal gang is more like it. yes we do. hows youre garden coming along? planning on planting any weed?", "No weed for me...remember, the mother is a COP!", "she doesent give a pass to weed smokers? wow, what have you been plating then?", "Just the normal stuff like carrots, tomatoes, green beans.  No passes for me, it's the straight and narrow.", "sorry to hear that. I love tomatoes they go great with burgers", "Yes they do.  Especially home grown tomatoes.  They are the best on a burger!"], ["When are you going to get your new glasses?", "I've got an appointment set up for next week. Thank gosh, I can't deal with these headaches anymore and it'll be nice to see what's actually in my garden!", "New glasses are the best! I just got a pair. They were having a 2 for 1 sale so I ended up some sunglasses for free! What style of frame do you like?", "Oh nice, I've never had prescription sunglasses before! When I was a kid i did have glasses with sunglasses that clipped on. They were less than cool looking ha. I like basic black rimmed glasses. Rectangular but not too big, I've got a tiny head. Where did you go for yours?", "Lenscrafters. I also like rectangular. Though I saw a guy on TV the other day who had one lens square and the other in a circle. It was wild! And not something I could ever pull off.", "Maybe I'll make an appointment there instead. I'll have to see if they take my insurance. Glasses have gotten wild lately! There are soo many different styles out there, but like you said, I could not rock them ha. If I did get two pairs maybe I could at least get one in a funky color. Maybe red??", "Red would be fun! Remind me, what color hair do you have? That would depend on the color. I can wear blue really well with my black hair. But red looks too jarring on me personally.", "It's brown right now but I was thinking about going blonde again. But either way I think red would work, I'm sold! I think red would look cool with how dark your hair is; it would be a nice juxtaposition. But what kind did you end up getting?", "I got black rectangular for the daily gasses, and bigger ones for the sunglasses. Remember back in the day when we could rock the BIG glasses? that basically covered your eyebrows and part of your cheeks? Haha. Those were the days!", "Oooh, did they have a lot of different styles for the sunglasses? Oh gosh yes, Mine we're this horrible clear plastic and so think they gave me bug eyes! I do not miss that one bit.", "Haha, mine were also clear plastic. And I had a sparkly pair. They didn't have a huge selection for sunglasses. I got Coach brand. They fit well and I can see while driving so that's a plus! Are you brand loyal?", "I always wanted a sparkly pair but never got one! I am jealous ha. Oh nice! Nope, any brand works for me if it means I can see! Well I think I've decided, I'm going to my normal pair and sunglasses for me to wear in the garden. My bold red pair will have to wait until the next sale!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am taking tennis lessons.", "I do not work outside of the home. I have twin daughters. I feel luck my children are twins. They are not jealous of each other.", "I go to church on Sundays. I do not have much free time. One of the twins, my daughter, sings in the church choir.", "My husband works out of town often.", "My family lives in Sweden. I am lonely sometimes.", "I don't get much free time. I'm lucky to not work out of the home. I treat my tennis lessons and church as 'me time'.", "I hired a moving company to help me move from Sweden. I feel bad for my family because they still live in Sweden where it is cold.", "I would like to visit the beach.", "I've been trying to move out of Sweden. I have been saving to move to Texas."], "partner_persona": ["I like tennis. My work makes me bored.", "I have two daughters. My daughters are 5 years old and 3 months old. Sometimes I think my oldest daughter is jealous of her little sister. I try to give both of my daughters equal attention.", "I do not have much free time. I have a career and do side work.", "I am currently moving. I will be happy when the move is over. I am glad I hired a moving company. I am not moving away from Florida. I love it too much to leave. We ae moving to a larger home on the beach.", "I go to church. My family life is hard.", "I live in Florida. I like the sunny weather.", "I'm always busy and torn between my career and family. I seldom have time for myself.", "I get time to unwind on Thursday nights.", "I'm moving with my family to the beach. I have cousins in Texas.", "I only have free time on Thursday nights. My daughters like to do stuff on the weekends. I try to do stuff with my daughters on the weekends.", "I like to play tennis. I don't really have time for tennis."], "current_conv": ["I got a black eye during tennis practice today. I didn't realize this was such a dangerous sport.", "Oh no! I wouldn't think it would be dangerous. What happened? You must have got hit pretty good.", "Yeah I misjudged the ball and it hit me in the eye.", "That's a bummer - hopefully it heals quick.", "Yeah.  Have you been able to play tennis lately?", "Not really. Since we are moving, I've been busy getting things organized and packing. It's a bummer, it's been beautiful tennis weather.", "Florida has year around tennis weather, haha.", "That's true, but sometimes its way to humid to be outside and active.", "True.  Where are you moving to in Flordia?", "6 weeks. Not a lot of time to coordinate a family move. I'm getting a bit stressed.", "Make sure that you take some time for yourself.  I know that you don't have much free time.", "True. I almost wish we were moving sooner, so all of this can be over and done, but we don't close on the new house for 6 weeks. The craziness continues."], "history_conv": [["Hello, just finished up my tennis lesson.", "Cool love tennis I am at work bored to death.", "Darn, I stay at home with my twin daughters..", "I have two daughters to 5 years old and 3 months.", "Cute! Do you have any free time?", "Barely between my regular career and turking it is hard lately I have been cutting back.", "I hear ya, I only have time for tennis and church on sundays.", "I do have time for church but I have been moving lately family life is hard.", "My husband is gone every other week for work, its rough.", "Really that sounds hard I feel for you but it will get better overtime.", "I hope so, my family lives in sweden, so I can be lonely.", "Wow that is very far we stay in florida sunny weather."], ["Does your older daughter enjoy having a baby sister around or are there jealousy issues starting?", "My oldest loves her baby sister, but I think she does get jealous of her sometimes. She was used to being the only one and got all of the attention until she was 2 years old, so that is tough. I do my best to give them both equal attention, but it is challenging.", "I'm lucky to have twins so I haven't run into any issues like that. I also have challenges with making sure both my kids are entertained and happy, especially when my husband is out of town. Does it get tough for you between moving and your career?", "Absolutely! I usually feel like I'm being pulled in ten different directions and I'm left with my head spinning! I'm sure you can relate, considering you have twins. Do you ever have time to yourself? I seldom do, sadly.", "I don't get much free time, but I try to find pleasure in everything I do. I'm also lucky enough not to work out of the home, so I can find small moments to relax throughout the day. It gets easier as the kids get older, too", "Ah yes, I'm sure working from home helps out a lot. I do get some time to unwind on Thursday nights. I love it. I usually take a bubble bath and have a glass of red wine. It's the only time that I can finally enjoy some quiet time!", "Excellent! I try to treat my tennis lessons and going to church as my 'me time' but I do like to spoil myself now and again. How is moving going?", "Moving is going well, but I will be happy when it's over! We have a moving company coming on Saturday to take the rest of the stuff. Hiring a moving company was well worth the cost, that's for sure! So much easier!", "I hired a moving company to help me when I left my family in Sweden. Definitely helpful, especially for an international move. I really hope your move goes smoothly! Are you staying in Florida?", "Thank you! Yes, we are staying in Florida. We enjoy the weather way too much to leave. You just can't beat it! Beautiful sunshine nearly every day!", "I believe it. I always feel bad for my family that's still stuck in the cold Swedish weather. What's the reason for your move again?", "Well, we just wanted a larger living space, really. We found a beautiful home on the beach and couldn't pass it up! You need to come visit sometime and check it out!"], ["A home on the beach sounds wonderful. How close to the water will you be?", "We're going to be right on the coastline! I'm pretty sure there are going to be steps that go down onto the sand - really pretty stuff. You should really come visit once we settle in. I know you'd probably want to get out of the Sweden cold.", "I would love to visit! I don't really have much free time, but I would love to make it happen. Is your family excited about the move?", "I sure hope they are! Obviously I can't really ask the 3 month old, but my older daughter is excited to live in a \"beach palace\"... her words, not mine.", "Wow, I'm glad to hear they're excited! I've been trying to move out of Sweden, but it's been tough. I've still been saving up for a nice place I want to move to in Texas.", "That's rough to hear. Well, I have some cousins in Texas! I can always reach out to them if you ever need any advice or insider info on the area - don't hesitate to ask.", "Thanks, I'll let you know if I need some advice for sure! Have you found any unwinding time for yourself recently? It's important to destress!", "I still only really get free time on Thursday nights, though I've been trying to be more available for my daughters on the weekends, since that's when they always want to go out and do stuff. You're right though, I probably should make more of an effort to carve out some time for myself.", "Yeah kids can be a handful for sure. Thankfully my twins usually get along quite well! One of them recently started singing in our church quire! She made the decision completely by herself too.", "Haha that's really cute. I feel like I need to drag my kids to church every week, so we have totally different experiences on that end.", "Yeah I can imagine haha. Have you played tennis recently by the way? My tennis lessons are going really well. I'm beginning to hit my strokes a lot better!", "Honestly, I haven't really been able to find the time! I bet you could totally whoop me by now...maybe when you come out and visit we can have a little 1v1 and see how it goes!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a job.", "My child enjoys marching and concerts bands. My child likes Disney music.", "I like to listen to Maroon5 music.", "I like to watch High School Musical. I like the children's movie, Sing. I am interested in action movies.", "I don't attend college. I wrote a paper about Ben Franklin, hope child advances school career.", "I dont get involved in conversations about politics. Will agree to avoid conflict.", "I have a cousin."], "partner_persona": ["I am female.", "My parents are teachers. I want to be an English teacher.  My favorite school subject is English.", "I enjoy marching and concerts bands.", "I like Maroon5, Imagine Dragons, Coldplay and Bruno Mars.", "I like the movie High School Musical. I like Hillary Duff's voice. I think Zac Efron is hot.", "I like the children's movie, Sing. I would like to attend a concert when school is out.", "I am in high school.I am not prepared for my final exams. I have an English term paper due. I want to apply for college. I want to go to college to become an English teacher.I will be taking electives in college. I am not opposed to teaching a subject besides English.", "I am accepted to Stanford, but keeping options open. a little nervous about the grade of the paper. possibly the first to go to college in family. I want to make parents proud. Maybe lower income due to needing scholarships. trying to figure out what to do in college.", "I am interested in politics, and others opinions about politicians."], "current_conv": ["Have you seen the new High School Musical TV show? I enjoy watching Disney + with my child. ", "Of course I've seen it! Nobody compares to Zac though. I'm sure it's a good break from watching frozen.", "I like Frozen! I can sing all their songs!", "Does you child sing too?", "Yeah, but honestly my voice is better haha. Why do you want to be an English teacher?", "You know how it is to learn things, I love learning and I want teach kids the right history.", "That's awesome. Are you parents happy you got accepted to college?", "I haven't had a good chatt with them yet, but I hope I'm making them happy. What do you want your child to do?", "It's been a dream of mine to become a Nasa engineer. I just think that'll be so cool!!", "I thought you had a job already though? What do you hope your kid becomes?", "I do have a job, that was my dream for my kid to become", "Oh, ok. Are you sure you don't want them to becomr a Disney star?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today.", "Great, I just came back from highschool, how are you doing?", "I'm okay had a hard day at work.", "I do not have those problems yet, I am still a young girl.", "That's good for you what do you want to do.", "I would like to be a teacher someday, both of my parents are teachers.", "That's a good idea.", "I know, I would probably be an english teacher, it's my favorite subject.", "You sound like my child.", "Really? Does your child enjoy marching bands or concert bands too? I love those.", "Yes actually. Are you my child?.", "That would be weird, I have my parents right here with me lol.", "Oh then I guess not haha.", "How old is your child?"], ["What new bands have you listened to recently?", "Lately I've been listening to Maroon 5, Imagine Dragons, Coldplay, and Bruno Mars.", "I like Maroon 5 too. My child has been listening to Disney songs lately.", "I'm not embarrassed to say that I really like Disney's \"High School Musical\". I like Hillary Duff's voice and Zac Efron is so hot!", "The songs are very catchy in High School Musical. Some of those stars have good voices. Have you been to any concerts lately or are you planning to see any new bands?", "I know! I love watching it! Speaking of kid-oriented musical movies, I also love the movie \"Sing\". I'd love to go to a concert this summer after I get out of school. I'm not sure who I want to see yet, though.", "Sing is a good movie. How is school going?", "Ugh, I have final exams coming up and I'm so not prepared. I also have an English term paper due, and I really need to nail it to get a good grade. When I apply for colleges, I'll need this grade to get into a good teaching program.", "Final exams are tough. Are you still planning to pursue becoming an English teacher?", "Yes, being an English teacher is my dream. However, I'll be taking electives in college, and I might end up wanting to pursue teaching in a different subject. I'm going to go into it with an open mind.", "Keeping options open is a good idea. You never know what may interest you with the many different classes you'll take.", "For sure. Is your kid still in school or all grown-up?"], ["I have been thinking of you this week, how are the final exams going and your English term paper coming?", "My English term paper is one of the only smooth thing that is going great. I've already completed 75% of my paper. I'm just trying to ad a spell binding conclusion to it. How you seen any good movie's lately?", "No, but I saw some trailers for some movies I'd like to see, like The Transformers, Interstellar, and Death Wish. My child expressed interest in Interstellar. I hope you do well with your paper.", "I really hope so also because it's 25 percent of my whole course grade. I got accepted to Stanford but I am waiting to see if I got accepted anywhere else. Where do you think I should go to college?", "I am not sure since I never went to college. I remember one night when I was in high school I stayed up all night writing a paper about Benjamin Franklin and ended up getting an A. I definitely hope my kid goes to college.", "I know what you mean, My parents didn't graduate from college, but they keep pressuring me to go. I guess they are trying to push there desire of going to college on me. Since I have a 4.5 GPA, I am hoping to get a scholarship from whatever school I attend. Wouldn't that be awesome!", "Yes, that would be great. What is your term paper about? Do you like the topic. I didn't like any of the topics I had to write about in high school.", "I chose a very unique topic about one of our great presidents of America, Richard Nixon. Everyone thinks he is a crook, but he did a lot for our country. Do you think he's a crook?", "All I know is that it's common opinion that he is a crook. I try not to get involved in politics, so I just say I agree with common opinion without really meaning it. How many pages does your paper have to be? My paper about Benjamin Franklin was 5 pages.", "Minimum is 10 pages, but we can go up to 12. I've been racking my brain about what electives I want to take in college. Do you think I should minor in Accounting or Computer Science?", "Wow, that's a lot of pages. My cousin told me he once took a college course in conspiracy theories. Maybe you would be interested in that. Whether you take accounting or computer science depends I think on whether you are more interested in money or technology.", "That is a good point! Conspiracy theories are fun. I was listening to a pod cast that was all about conspiracy theories. Very intriguing. Hey, I got to go, my son is bothering me to get our DVD out on the musical sing. He wants to watch it for the hundredth time.."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an only child.", "My dad has a kind heart.", "I have two elderly dogs that I've had for a long time. A friend is a breeder who has a new liter of pups.", "I don't know anyone else with a pet duck.", "I just got a new black lab puppy.", "I liked to play Mario Bros when I was a kid. I am too busy for video games.", "I enjoyed reading the Harry Potter books."], "partner_persona": ["My mom is a doctor. My dad is a Fireman.", "I have a really kind heart.", "My dad went to College of the hard knocks.", "I have some fish. I have a couple of ducks. I find ducks easy to care for.", "I have a cat named Zelda. I have fish I named my fish after the pac man ghosts. I like video games.", "I used to enjoy playing the NES and N64.", "I like to read. I read Harry Potter. I am reading Shadow and bone now.", "I like reading fantasy adventure books. I can read quickly to myself."], "current_conv": ["I decided on two names for my new puppy and I want to get your opinion so I can narrow it down to one name. What do you think about Zeus or Polo?", "I know what Zeus is from, but what is Polo from? Also what kind of personaility does it have?", "Polo comes from Marco Polo, but I just thought it was a cool name. He is pretty crazy and very curious.", "Zeus would be better for crazy, but curious is better for polo. Either would be good then haha.", "Hm, well that wasn't very helpful haha. Maybe I will need to think of a third options that captures his entire personality. How are your ducks btw?", "I'd go with Zeus then He's crazy and curious in a bad way. I had a little problem with Zelda she was trying to \"play\" with them. ", "Ok, so I'll go with Zeus, thanks! Oh no, do you need to keep them separate or do they generally get along?", "You have to keep them separate, cats really love to kill anything smaller than them. What should I name my ducks?", "That's true I guess. Cats do love hunting. Hm, I'm not sure what you should name them. How many ducks do you have anyways?", "I have five of them right now. Of course theres daffy and donald. Haven't named anyone else.", "Those are great names for ducks of course. Classic. You could name the rest of them after classic disney characters. That might be cute.", "Maybe I should name one Link since my cat loves it. haha! Disney's alright, but I'd rather name them something else"], "history_conv": [["My parents only have one child, how about you..", "Yeah my doctor mom and fireman dad have enough to deal with without more kids.", "My did join the navy.", "He sounds like he has a really kind heart. Very similar to me.", "Yes he is. What college went to..", "College of the hard knocks. I read a lot, love reading to my pet animals.", "For college I went to france and spain for pastry..", "Growing up with my mom as a doctor I was never allowed to have pastries.", "Okay. Do love pets I have 2 dogs there name I bounty and snickers.", "Dogs are my favorite though all animals are lovely to me.", "Yeah. What type of food you like. Me it is burgers and fries..", "Any kind of meat, as great as animals are, I mostly like to eat them."], ["You mentioned earlier you have pets. What pets do you have?", "I have a cat, some fish, and a couple of ducks.", "Oh wow... that sounds like a mini zoo to me! I have been contemplating getting a pet too...", "What kind of pet were you thinking of getting?", "I\u2019m leaning towards getting a pup... maybe a lab or golden retriever. What do you think?", "I think it depends on how active you want to be with your pet. My pets only require a bit of attention each day. They mostly like to keep to themselves. But a dog would probably want a lot of affection.", "Actually being an only child, my dogs Bounty and Snickers have been like siblings but now they\u2019re both senior citizens and getting a pup might be good for them as well. You\u2019re right it\u2019s demanding.. but so worth it :)", "It would probably be nice for kids if you have any or are thinking of having any. The dog would enjoy playing with them too.", "Yes ... I have a friend who is a breeder and I\u2019m hoping to go checkout the litter she sent me cute pics of!", "Yeah, I think it'd be a good idea to spend some time with them and see them before you commit to getting one.", "Yeah... let\u2019s see. I must say I don\u2019t know anyone else who has a duck for a pet. Is it easy to care for ducks?", "Yeah, it's not too bad. They just need a friend, some food, and plenty of fresh water to keep them happy."], ["I saw my breeder friend and ended up taking home a pup!", "thats great news!  what breed is it and have you picked out a name?", "Actually I got a black lab. He is so cute. I still haven't named him. Any ideas for a name?", "My pets all have video game names, like the cat is names Zelda and the fish are named after the pac man ghosts.", "That is very unique and catchy. Maybe I'll name him Mario since I liked Mario Bros as a kid. Do you play Zelda?", "I used to back on the NES and on N64, none of the new stuff.  But it still looks fun", "Yeah I just don't have time for video games anymore. Loved playing as a kid. Have you read any good books lately?", "i just started reading shadow and bone, it reminds me of Harry Potter", "Oh, I like the Harry otter books. Maybe I'll look into Shadow and Bone too. is it a series like Harry Potter?", "its about Alina, a pale, lonely orphan, discovers a unique power that thrusts her into the lavish world of the kingdom's magical elite", "Sounds very interesting. I will definitely look into it. Are you reading it to your pets?", "no, i read faster to myself than out loud.  Zelda likes to lay on my lap while reading though"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a lifeguard at the local beach.", "I do karate.", "I practice football. I'm on a football team. i have a girlfriend.", "I enjoy horror movies.", "I'm learning Spanish.", "I don't love reading.", "The Fugitive is my all time favorite movie. I like the sitcom The Office."], "partner_persona": ["I love to walk on the beach.", "I go to school. i hike in the mountains.", "I like to learn new languages. I'm fluent in spanish and english. I leanred spanish in high school.", "I'm moving soon.", "I live in a city with a big Spanish-speaking community. I like reading Spanish plays.", "I have not seen the movie The Fugitive.  I like trying out new media.", "I like the sitcom The Office.  I think it is funny.  I like the show Superstore and I think you would like it if you like The Office."], "current_conv": ["I watched the show Superstore that you were telling me about and I love it!", "Yeah it's a great show.  Watching shows and movies are my favorite past time.  So why is The Fugitive your favorite movie of all time?", "I love crime movies and comedy. I know it's not a comedy, but it's about justice being served. Got any other reccoomendations?", "I see.  I've never seen The Fugitive but it sounds intriguing.  I think we both agree The Office is an awesome sitcom.  Seinfeld is another great one that I can recommend.", "How about any horror recoomendations.  guess they don't make many horror shows though.", "I know of one called The Walking Dead.  You should check it out, it's awesome.", "Do you have it? Maybe I can come over and we can talk in spanish while I borrow it from you.", "No I don't.  I watch it on TV when the show comes on.  I have a few horror movies in my collection though and I know you like horror movies.  Have you seen any good ones lately?", "One of my favorites is Shawn of the Dead, since it has both comedy and horror, it a little old. I'm going to have to chat with you more in spanish.", "Yeah my favorite horror movies are mostly the classics as well.  I think they are so much better than current ones.  I'll be happy to practice Spanish with you, it sounds fun.  How are you coming along with your Spanish lessons?", "I'm not around it very often so I feel like I'm not progressing as much as I'd like to. I need more real life experience.", "You're right.  The key is to speak often with other Spanish speakers.  You can only learn so much from a book.  Speaking often is the key.  Why did you develop an interest in learning the Spanish language?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am about to lifeguard at my local beach.", "What a coincidence, I love to take walks on the beach. Any hobbies?", "That is awesome, be safe. I do karate.", "Sounds like a lot of hard work, is that all you do in your spare time?", "If I am not practicing football, I am with my girlfriend. You?", "Mostly in school, but when I am free I love to go hiking in the mountains!", "That is awesome, I also enjoy horror movies.", "I am not a big horror buff, but I do like to learn new languages.", "Cool, what do you speak?", "Right now I am fluent in both spanish and english.", "Wow where did you learn spanish?", "Highschool, but I will probably be changing schools since we are moving soon."], ["guess what? I decided to learn spanish to", "Sweet! Are you doing it on your own, or are you taking a formal class?", "I think I'm going to look into online programs, just to see how it goes. If I like it, I might look into some classes at my local junior college. Have you been able to practice it much since learning in school?", "Yes, there is a big Spanish-speaking community in my city, so I make a habit of going into those neighborhoods on a regular basis. It's really helped me maintain the skill!", "That's great! Even if I learned it, I'm not sure I would have many people to speak with around here. I guess I would be able to watch movies in a different language and see if the experience is any different! Not many people on my football team speak any other languages.", "It would also enable you to read some different literature. Come to think of it, that's a great way to get comfortable with a new language. Read everything you can get your hands on!", "That's a good point. I don't usually think of reading as a favorite hobby, but maybe this would serve as some good motivation! Do you like reading any particular types of books?", "I actually enjoy reading plays in Spanish! Lorca is a really good example of a great Spanish playwright.", "Wow, I don't think I've ever even heard of any Spanish plays or writers. You'll have to remind me of a few of your favorites once I actually get started learning. Seems like a whole new world of stories that I could dive into.", "It's definitely a worthwhile pursuit. All that said, the best way to learn a language is to get your girlfriend involved! Has she expressed any interest in becoming bilingual?", "Hah. Well she's actually taken some classes in school a few years ago, but I think she's already forgotten most of what she's learned. Maybe if I start learning and practicing around her, she'll pick it back up, or at least be motivated to learn again.", "It's an excellent strategy. What sorts of activities do you two like to do? There might be a way to incorporate your Spanish knowledge!"], ["My girlfriend and I watched a really cool movie in Spanish the other day. I think I actually understood some of it.", "That's great! What was the movie? I wonder if I have seen it.", "I forget the title of it but it had something to do with Chocolate", "Well, anything with chocolate must be great! Speaking of movies, what is your favorite movie of all time?", "My favorite of all time is the classic The Fugitive, have you seen it?", "I have not! Can you tell me the premise of the movie? I am always in the market for new content.", "Its about a fugitive that eludes capture, he is innocent after all@", "That sounds intriguing! You should watch the spanish dubbed version of shows and movies you like to help you learn Spanish better.", "Yes thats a good idea.  I can watch with the subtitles on so I can match up with the English words.  What film do you suggest I start with?", "You should honestly start with your favorite movie, The Fugitive! Do you like any sitcom tv shows? Those are always good as well.", "I really like The Office, have you seen it?", "Yes, I have seen it! It is a really funny show. If you like The Office, I think you would also like the show \"Superstore\""]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like cycling. I love New York City. I bicycle a lot.", "I visit friends in Seattle.", "I don't like to read. I like celebrity autobiographies.", "My favorite artist is Sufjan Stevens. I went to college. A college roommate liked Sufjan Stevens.", "I love finding music on YouTube.", "I just picked up the new Tom Hank's autobiography and I can't put it down. I like that fact that his first movie was a slasher movie.", "I would not do a lot of slasher movie if I wanted to be a big movie star.", "I like bollywood movie music, recently I really like Meri Ankhon Men Masti Hai from Asha Boshle. she has made music over 50 years. Kishore Kumar and  Mohammad Azi are also a great artists."], "partner_persona": ["I work at Dell and reads books sometimes.", "I like biographies and likes a lot of different music artists. Also had a meal with the artist. I've met Sufjan Stevens. I've been to New York City.", "I'd like to go mountain bike riding.", "I love to read. I'm more of an indoor person.", "I found Sufjan Stevens on YouTube. I like many kinds of music. I prefer older music.", "Slasher movies are for younger audiences.", "I have never looked into bollywood music. I will be sure to check Asha Boshle out."], "current_conv": ["I finished the new Tom Hank's autobiography. ", "That was fast! You must have liked it. Will you continue to read biographies next?", "Yes, that's the plan. So what type of music have you been listening to lately?", "Great! I'm glad that can motivate you to read! I actually had a friend recommend some folksy bluegrass music that I really liked the sound of. I think it would be great to see some of these groups live.", "Yes, I found the motivation somehow haha. Bluegrass sounds interesting! I'd love to see a concert like that too. Will there be any soon?", "I hope so! Some of these groups seem to have so many singers and different instruments that I think it would be a fun experience, even though I don't know many of the songs very well. Have you ever gone to concerts when you didn't know the artist?", "I've gone to a few concerts of bands my friends liked that I didn't know before. It was always a good time and usually I discovered some new music. I recommend it!", "Sounds fun! I'll have to convince my friend to recommend a show and hope they can come along. It might be nice to have someone a little more familiar there. Have you kept up the cycling in your spare time?", "That's a good idea. Yes, I've been doing some cycling. I love it. What about you? Have you been getting any exercise in recently?", "Well I was excited to get more into mountain biking ever since I bought all the equipment, but the combination of bad weather and a minor injury has kept me away from it. Do you like biking in the rain or other conditions? It seems so dangerous!"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today.", "Im good. Reading a book at work. I work for dell computers. You?", "What kind of books do you like.", "Biographies. Im into a lot of genre of music. I read about different artists.", "Oh my favorite is sufjan stevens.", "He is awesone. I once rode bikes with him. He is into bicycling like me.", "Wow you know him personally?", "Yeah. He is omnivore like me. We ate some stakes and salads at his house.", "Wow I am jealous he is my favorite ever.", "Did I tell you I work at dell.", "Dude you're getting a dell! Remember those commercials?", "Yeah! The background music was amazin.", "I don't remember the music just the kid.", "Nice talking to you. Gotta get back to my book now."], ["I meant to tell you that I like cycling too. Where did you end up meeting Sufjan Stevens anyways?", "I think it was New York City. Where do you like to go cycling at?", "That's super cool. I'm kind of jealous! You met my favorite artist in the greatest city in the world! Usually I ride around town and on some mountain bike trails. Sometimes, I'll ride to work when it's nice out.", "Mountain bike trails sound fun and challenging! I think I should look on my map and see if I can find any. Would you recommend any? Do you have a favorite?", "Well, when I visit my friend in Seattle, Washington, I love riding the trails at Mount Rainier National Park and Mount Baker Snoqualmie National Forest. I know you like to stay indoors reading, and you're busy with your tech job, but you should give mountain biking a go!", "I'll have to make a playlist for biking haha. I do enjoy reading indoors, but that's only when it's raining. I prefer to read under a tree or maybe a hammock. Do you plan on going to one of Sufjan Stevens' concerts?", "That sounds relaxing. I'm not much of a reader, but I'd like to read autobiographies of celebrities I like. I'm not sure when he's playing, but I'll keep my eyes peeled for tour dates.", "That would be great! Maybe, we could end up at the same concert and grab dinner or a snack afterwards? I can suggest other music artists to you as well. I enjoy music a lot. It helps keep me focused. How did you discover Sufjan?", "I'm game! Name the time and the place and I'll try to make it work. My college roommate turned me on to Sufjan Stevens and I've been an avid fan ever since. How about you?", "I went down a rabbit hole on YouTube. I do that a lot trying to find new music. I'm always open to suggestions.", "Ah, the old YouTube rabbit hole. It's fun exploring those depths, and sometimes I get there by checking out recommended videos. Which musical artists or bands are your favorites?", "I like Three Days Grace, Hinder, Conscience, and others like that. I have so many artists downloaded it's insane. I listen to just about everything. I have noticed the newer music I'm not a huge fan of."], ["I just picked up the new Tom Hank's autobiography and I can't put it down.", "I bet there are some really interesting stories in there. What was your favorite part of the autobiography?", "I like that fact that his first movie was a slasher movie. I would never have guessed it.", "Really, that is really interesting. Did is say why he stopped doing those sorts of movies?", "The movie had negative reviews, and slasher movie are not very popular in general, I would not do a lot of them if I wanted to be a big movie star.", "That s true. I suppose you have to go where the demand is to get big. I guess those sorts of movies are more for the younger audiences. Have you found any good music on youtube recently?", "I like bollywood movie music, recently I really like Meri Ankhon Men Masti Hai from Asha Boshle.", "Wow, that sounds interesting. I have never looked into bollywood music. How is it different compared to normal western music?", "It depends, bollywood music form the 60s it very groovy and influenced by western music. In the 90s, you have pop sounding music and a resurgence of traditional music.", "Ah cool, do you have a favorite Bollywood artist I could look up?", "Asha Boshle is a good start, she has made music over 50 years. Kishore Kumar and  Mohammad Azi are also a great artists.", "5o years! That is impressive. I will be sure to check these out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 48 years young.", "I have 2 children.", "I renovate and rent homes.", "I have a sister that I work with. I love my job.", "I make my own hours. I watch all genres of movies.", "My sister and I just bought a new house.  I am planning renovations to my house. I enjoy doing renovations. I am putting in an extension on the house.", "I wanted to be a lawyer when I was young but I went into real estate instead."], "partner_persona": ["I am 27 years old.", "I work at a burger place. I have loans.", "I have a married sister. I have a nephew.", "I don't like horror movies. I like John Grisham movies.", "I don't own a house but I would like to buy one next year.", "I am in law school.  I will focus on buying a house after I graduate and get a stable job.", "Most of my schooling was paid for by scholarships but I did have to take out some loans to pay for everything.", "I am pusueing a career in law so I could help protect innocent people. My family member was wrongly accused of multiple burglaries.", "I have loans for my education."], "current_conv": ["What area of law are your classes in right now?  Are they in the area of focus you want to practice in or just required?", "It's the required bits, I know you wanted to be a lawyer what kind did you want to be?", "I wanted to be a public defender.  I think it's important everyone has representation when being charged with a crime.", "I know, my family has had some problems with the law and I need to make sure I can defend them.", "It's crazy to think there are innocent people sitting in prison right now.  I'm rooting for you to get your law degree and make a difference in society.  When do you expect to be finished with your schooling?", "I have a few years left I spent too much time working and neglected some classes. How's your renovations going?", "It's going great.  Just have a few finishing touches to make.  I think you'll really enjoy the house hunting process when you decide to buy one yourself.", "I don't know, I'll need some help for you maybe you can give me a deal?", "I can certainly help you find the home of your dreams.  What is your ideal house and neighborhood?", "I'll have to be in the city since I'll be at the court house often. I'd like to walk to work. I don't think there will be many options.", "You'd be surprised.  I'll keep your interest in mind for when you're ready to make the plunge.", "If we do it without a real estate agent we'd both save money right?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm 48 years young, how about you?", "Hi! I am 27!", "A baby! My two babies are lisa 18 and bart 14.", "Aww!! What do you do?", "I buy old houses, redo them and rent them out. You?", "Fun! I am in law school but working at a burger place to pay off loans.", "My sister and I are partners and we love our job.", "My sis is married and just had a baby! My first nephew!", "Congrats! Does lawyering leave a lot of time for movies?", "Sometimes. What genre do you like? I like anything but horror.", "We make our own hours and make time to watch anything and everything.", "Have you seen any john grisham movie? He is my favorite."], ["My sister and I just bought a new house to renovate, do you own a house?", "That sounds amazing. I would love to be able to do that in my life, I\u2019m hoping to buy a house next year. Are you looking forward to do the renovations?", "Yes! I enjoy renovating, and you can turn a nice profit on it if you're efficient. Are you hoping to buy a house after law school?", "Yeah renovating is a lot of fun. I enjoy seeing the before and afters. Yeah some people make a ton of money. Yeah once I have a stable job buying a house is what I will be focused on.", "Excellent, I'm happy to hear that. What do you have loans out on now?", "Just for my schooling I had a scholarship for most of my classes but I decide I would do extra so had to pay myself. But just want to be able to be in a better situation for eventually getting a lawyer career.", "That's a great idea. When I was younger, I always considered becoming a lawyer, but decided to go into real estate instead. What draws you to law?", "Either one is a great career choice. I just want to help protect people that are innocent. My family member got wrongly convicted and eventually the evidence proved it, so I want help people in the same situation.", "Oh no! I'm glad the evidence eventually came out in favor of your family, though. That's great that you want to help other people who are in trouble. What were the charges?", "It was for multiple  burglaries in our area. He just happened to have some similar features to who people saw. But he lost 2 years of his life. And there is people that have been in jail for much longer who are actually innocent, it can just take a long time to prove it.", "That's true. I read an article about someone who was exonerated after their death recently, which was very sad. I hope you can really make a difference in a system that's sometimes inaccurate", "Yeah it\u2019s so sad that actually happens more frequent than people even realise. A lawyer that came into my class the other day literally had enough evidence on the day of the person execution. And the person had like 30 minutes left but now they are out living the rest of their lives."], ["How are your classes going this week?  It must be hard to be in law school while also working.", "You need discipline to make it work. I have a strict schedule. It must be the same with 2 children.", "Yes, when the children were young it did require a strict schedule. Now they're able to look after themselves more thankfully.", "But, you surely have a schedule for your renovations ? I", "The renovations on the house my sister and I own can fit in with the rest of my life quite ok. We don't have a strict schedule for that though obviously we want the work to be finished soon.", "That is great, I suppose I ma not are organized as you, without a schedule, I would never finish my projects. What are you renovating at your sister's house ?", "No, I think you're more organized than me to work and study law! We own the house together and we're just going to strip everything out a wall, put in an extensions. Really make it beautiful. Maybe will be a holiday house.", "What kind of foundation will the extension have ?", "The foundations are actually all already in place, basically a hardcore foundation.", "Oh, Ok, and how mush it will cost ?", "I can't really say for sure now. For us as you know it's not all finalized. We're just gradually working away at it. I'm guessing about 200000, but that's just a very rough estimate.", "I wish I had that kind of money to pay for my education and not relying on loans. Did you take a loan for your renovations ?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a baseball fan. I'm working on a degree in marketing. I am in school and enjoy marketing classes.", "I like foreign movies. I like learning new languages.", "I want to create movie ads for a living.", "I love seafood. I specifically like clams, octopus and many kinds of seafood.", "I like the move called \"The Life Ahead\".", "I burn so fast."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a football fan. I used to play football. I was the captain of my football team.", "I'm in a committed relationship. I love movies. My favorite genre is horror.", "I'm practicing karate. I'm a green belt. I've been doing Karate for a little over one year. I have other activities to keep up.", "I'm a lifeguard. I work at the beach.", "I also like seafood.", "I'm considering a career change. I'm considering a career in IT since I'm good with computers. I plan to go to school or to get a certificate in IT work.", "I have a female partner.", "I don't like subtitles. I tend to fall asleep during foreign films.", "I tan easily."], "current_conv": ["I went to the beach and tanned. ", "You used a lot of sunscreen though right? I know how you mentioned you burn easily!", "Absolutely - SPF-80, strong stuff. Is there a special sunblock you use since you are out there at the beach all day?", "Oh good! I honestly rarely even need to use sunblock. I tan so easily so as long as I have a base tan at the beginning of the year, I am pretty much good. I just will put sunblock on the tops of my feet and face.", "Wow, you are lucky. I know you like movies, you must love the movie Jaws since it's kind of a horror movie based in the ocean. Or, are you sick of water stuff in your free time?", "I do like Jaws! I actually was thinking of having date night and going to dinner with my girlfriend then watching it after! I really love water and the ocean and never really get sick of it. My job is a little dull at times though. Hey do you have any food recommendations?", "The grocery store has some clams from Quebec that are supposed to be fantastic. I am taking a French class so I can learn French and go up there and dig for clams myself. Speaking of classes, have you signed up for any IT classes? ", "Oh that actually would make for a good date, cook together then watch Jaws, thanks. I just signed up for classes this fall at the local college! I'm really excited! Has French been difficult so far or are you getting the hang of it?", "French has been not too bad. I have taken many Spanish classes and their are some similarities. Do you ever go to football games with your girlfriend?", "Oh yeah that's super beneficial. Of course! We try and go to every home game for my old high school team.", "They must be happy to see their old captain back. Did your background in football help in studying karate?", "Yeah it is very good to be back at my high school and see some of my coaches. I would say a little bit, yes. The footwork i learned in football does help me in some aspects of karate."], "history_conv": [["Hi there, did you see the baseball game last night?", "No, didn't know it was on, I'm more of a football fan, was captain of my team.", "Between baseball and working on my marketing degree I have no time;.", "Me either, serious committed relationship, and movie buff, horror mostly.", "I like movies in foreign languages, I try to learn new languages on the regular.", "Yea, me too, I'm practicing karate for one.", "I'm hoping when I graduate, to create ads for these movies as well.", "Cool, I'm a lifeguard right now but hoping to find the perfect career.", "A lifeguard at the beach or pool? I love seafood.", "I'm a lifeguard at the beach!", "Do you ever watch the fish swimming and want to eat them all?", "Lol, no, can't say I've done that.", "I think I would if I were a lifeguard.", "You must really love seafood or have a pretty big appetite."], ["After our last conversation I couldn't stop thinking about seafood, so I just ordered myself a big seafood platter!", "Yum, what types of seafood are in the platter?", "Everything from clams to octopus and everything in between lol. I mean business!", "Wow, that sounds so good! I hope you enjoy it. How is school going?", "Going good... thanks! Marketing is totally my thing. You mentioned wanting to make a career change... what do you have in mind?", "Good, I am so glad you like it! I am thinking about something in the IT sector...I am pretty good with computers and I know there is a growing demand for employees in this sector.", "That\u2019s awesome... IT is where the party\u2019s at haha, I mean career wise, that & AI I think is where the future chunk of lucrative jobs are going to be!", "Definitely! I really need to start looking at schools I want to attend or maybe certificate programs to get me started. So have you watched any good foreign films lately? I am looking for something new to watch.", "I forget the name but it was a movie featuring Sophia Lauren on Netflix. It was nominated best foreign film for the Golden Globes. I loved it!", "I will have to look that up, especially if it was nominated for a Golden Globe! I haven't seen many foreign films,  so I appreciate your recommendation.", "Sure... you won\u2019t be disappointed. The theme as well as the score are good. Is your partner fond of watching movies too?!", "Yes, but she doesn't enjoy horror movies as much as I do. It's usually romantic comedies that we watch together."], ["Hey there -- I remembered the name of the movie I recommended! It's called \"The Life Ahead\" and you guys should totally watch it tonight if you have time. I really loved it.", "Thanks for the movie recommendation. Is it a horror flick? I'll probably have to wait until the weekend to watch it though.  I have a karate class tonight.", "Not a horror flick at all. It's actually a foreign film so there are subtitles. What belt are you in Karate?", "I'm a green belt.  Hmmm, subtitles, maybe not my favorite.  You say it's really good?  My significant other likes foreign films, but honestly, I tend to fall asleep during them.", "Yeah a lot of people don't like reading the movies they watch. I get it. Maybe put it on at bedtime so if you pass out it would be ok. How many years of Karate have you done?", "I've been doing Karate for a little over one year.  I wish I could be more consistent about it.  Sometimes it's hard to get to the classes.  I have so many other activities that keep from getting into class every week.  Especially since I'm trying to decide whether to go back to school or not.", "It's always good to go back to school but only if you have time for it. don't add more to your plate with something as important as schooling. What would you go back for?", "I'm planning on going for a certificate in IT work.  I think it will pay more, and you know, I'm getting older and looking for a job that is a little less demanding physically.", "That would be a good thing for you and your body. I think everyone should repare for work later on in life so you don't wear your body down early on doing to hard of physical labor for long times. Is lifeguarding pretty physical?", "Oh yeah.  I have to stay in good shape, and sitting hours in the sun on hot days is very draining.  I love it though, but it really isn't the kind of job that sets you up for a long term career, you know?", "Yes I bet. Do you even get sunburn anymore or are you always a golden bronze color? I burn so fast I could never be a lifeguard.", "I do tan pretty easily.  I feel for all those people who burn so fast.  I keep a giant bottle of sunscreen around and use it often.  I don't want to worry about skin cancer down the line."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Mark.", "I am a mechanic.", "Alcohol is my therapy.", "I am about to be a father. I am going to the hospital. My baby is about to be born. I have a hangover. I am still drunk. I will call an Uber. I have trouble staying sober.", "I want my baby to have a godparent.", "I need to go into the past to fix a few things.", "I've been drinking a lot. I like drinking."], "partner_persona": ["I am working on a time machine. I invented a time machine. I want to try out my time machine. I have no tried the time machine yet. I'm nervous.", "I don't drink. Dogs are my therapy. I have a dog.", "I used to drink alcohol.", "My hobby is my job.", "I would love to be a godparent.", "I am going into the past first.", "I have friends who have gone to AA."], "current_conv": ["I decided to join AA to address my drinking problem.", "That's good for you. My friends say it's a great experience and having a network of people willing to help you.", "That's what I've heard as well.  How did you get over your drinking, and was it ever a problem for you?", "I don't drink. If I had a problem I would just go back and time and stop myself from drinking.", "Okay.  So your time machine is fully functional now?  When do plan to test it out?", "It will probably work, but I've been hesitant to test it out. You know how it is with time machines you might end up stuck somewhere you don't want to be,", "So true!  I'm rooting for you to succeed.  You'll be rich and famous if it does.", "No no. Nobody can know if I succeed or I'll tracked down. You know how many people want this tech? I might need a get away car, how the repairs coming along?", "It's going fine.  I'm a mechanic, so I can easily fix you up with a nice get away car.  Do you have a specific model in mind?", "Something fast of course and reliable. I also need a Delorian for a decoy. ", "Delorian's are an older model and very rare so I can't help you there.  But I can certainly find you something fast and reliable.  I'm thinking along the lines of a Porsche 911.", "Sounds good, but it probably needs some musle too. If I need to make a geta away I'll need to haul some stuff."], "history_conv": [["Hey how you doin? Name's mark..", "Hey mark, I am working on my time machine.", "Nice, I am a mechanic myself, so if you need help hit me up.", "I do, I invented it myself and its been a learning process.", "Nice nice. I could use a drink, how about you?", "No I don't drink, dogs are my therapy.", "Alcohol is mine, life gets tough and sometimes you need to wet your tongue..", "Been there done that, what do you do for a living?", "Oh I thought I mentioned that, I am a mechanic. What about you?", "Sorry I missed that, I work on a time machine.", "Is that all you do for a living? Any hobbies?", "My hobby is my job, anything other than drinking?", "Well I have a kid on the way, so that has been hectic..", "I bet, children take a lot of time and money."], ["I woke up with a massive hangover this morning and now I have to go to the hospital because my baby is about to be born.", "Uhhh what? that does not sound good. You better chug some gatorade and get over there as soon as possible", "I think I may still be a little drunk, so I have to call and Uber! This is not the way I wanted to bring a child into the world.", "Haha at least your child will be too young to know! So you can still win father of the year this year!", "How on earth do you stay sober? I really tried during her pregnancy, but clearly that did not work.", "Hey it is all about portion control, it is okay to indulge, just got to take it easy sometimes", "I wish I could at least go back to last night and make this day more special for both of them. I don't want to seem too needy but...how is the time machine going?? I know this might seem trivial in the grand scheme of things, but I could really use it right now.", "I mean, in my mind it is ready to roll, but ya know, it is probably pretty risky to be the first one to use it haha.", "You could try it with a dog first.", "Man, I'd feel so bad to lose my dog to it though, Maybe I'll try it first just in case things go array.", "Don't do it!!! We need you here! We were hoping you would be the god parent to our sweet baby! I did not want to ask like this, but my Uber is late, so better now than when you are in the future!", "Oh man, I had no idea. I would love to be. That is such an honor thank you so much for asking!"], ["Did you try out the time machine? Did it work? I can't wait to hear all the details.", "No, I have not tried it out yet. Now that the time is here, I am getting a little nervous that something may go wrong.", "Are you going to use it to go into the future or the past?  If you can prove it works I need to go into the past to fix a few things.", "I am going into the past first, I will let you know how it goes once I have actually used it! So was your baby born yet?", "Yes, she's here and has come home.  It's been nothing but crying and me drinking.", "I am sorry to hear that! How is the mother doing?", "She's recovering well, it seems.  She's enamored of our little girl, which is good because it means she's not nagging me about how much I'm drinking.", "I am glad she is doing well, do you have a plan to stop drinking so much?", "Yes.  No.  Well, sort of.  I was going to go to a bar tonight and do a lot of drinking and see if I could come up with any ideas.  Do you know anyone who's gone to AA?", "Yes, I have friends who have gone to AA and have seen a lot of success. Is that something you are open to doing?", "I would definitely consider it.  I don't think I'm in a good place to be raising a child and trying to provide for a family, but I haven't had any real success on my own trying to get things under control.", "Maybe you could use your family as your motivation, they will definitley need you!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I eat anything. I am more than 40 years old. I am trying to eat healthy.", "I have a son and a daughter.", "I don't live near anywhere snowy. I have a brother. I snowboard when I visit my brother.", "I own and maintain rental properties.", "I like Charlie Parker. I love movies.", "I am a mother. I like vans.", "I like cooking.", "I don't have a pet skunk."], "partner_persona": ["I like health food and meat.", "During the winter I go snowboarding.", "I used to work at Cisco. I was in charge of importing/exporting at Cisco. I supervised employees.", "My favorite musician is Charlie Parker.", "I like movies. I'm planning to buy a new car.", "I raise skunks on a skunk farm.I have a pet skunk named Rosey. I own 32 skunks.", "I like cooking."], "current_conv": ["Have you watched any interesting movies lately? Any recommendations?", "I watched Hamilton lately, it's on Disney+. I was so entertained, it was well done. It's a broadway musical though.", "I haven't seen that yet. How are your skunks doing? I still cannot believe you raise them. My dogs got sprayed once and it took me literally weeks to get the smell out.", "Someone needs to raise them! Did you try tomato juice? It's the best way to get the smell out.", "Haha- tomato juice- tomato soup- diced tomatos- you name it- I tried it. Your skunks must freeze in the winter. O you take them snowboarding with you- just joking-  ", "That's too bad. It would be funny to see them on tiny little snowboards! I'd be a YouTube sensation. ", "You'd probably make a ton of money. Have you found a job since leaving Cisco? Hubby and I used to order food from Cisco when we had our restaurant. We got some pretty good stuff and it was cheap.", "I haven't I've been enjoying the 'laid back life'. I think I may go back to school, which is crazy.", "It is never too late to go back to school!! Before you do we should go snowboarding together. My brother and I had a blast last year snowboarding. Do you know a good place?", "We could go to Vermont! They have some amazing mountains. My parents live there.", "Nice! I have not been to Vermont yet. Yeah that would be great. We could meet up there since there certainly is no snow where I live. WOuld it be a bother if one of my kids tagged along. My son and daughter would both love to try it.", "No! Absolutely! The more the merrier!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing?", "I'm good and you. What do you like to eat.", "Anything but I am eating healthy now that I am more than 40 years old.", "I do enjoy health food and meat food..", "My son loves meat, I have a daughter too but she is vegan.", "In the winter time I go north to snowboarding, do you do the same thing..", "There is no snow close to me, but I do it when I visit my brother.", "Where did you work at, I did work at cisco.", "Cisco? Wow, I have rental properties and I also maintain them by myself.", "Who is your favorite performer, my is charlie parker.", "I like charlie parker too, I love movies too, do you like movies?", "Yes I like movies. I will buy new car. What is the best car..", "I am a mom so I like vans.", "Okay, what food do you like."], ["What did you do when you worked at Cisco?", "I had an office job and was mostly in charge of importing/exporting. It was a lot of work but I liked it while I was there.", "That sounds like challenging work! Did you have other employees that you supervised while you were there?", "Yeah there were a lot of other workers. I supervised a guy named Charlie Daniels... like the musician. Except he looked and acted nothing like him. It was funny that was his name however.", "That is really funny! haha. I wonder if people always commented to him about his name. Probably. I imagine that would get annoying after a while.", "Yeah he got enough jokes about it but he was a good sport about it.", "So what do you do for work now? I don't think I've ever asked you!", "I have a job at a skunk farm. It sounds strange but we raise them for pets. A lot of people really want to have a pet skunk I guess.", "What! That is such a unique job! Tell me more! So people essentially adopt skunks from you guys and keep them as pets?", "Yeah they are very playful and tame. It\u2019s a lot like owing a cat. I have one at home named Rosey. We raise them and train them so when people adopt the skunks they are ready for a home.", "That is so interesting! Are they still able to spray you if they get scared, though? I'd be so nervous about that!", "Well their is a surgery that can remove the scent gland it\u2019s not that harmful much like a cat or dog getting spayed or neutered."], ["I found this amazing healthy recipe I think you might enjoy.", "Really? what is it and did you try it?", "Yes! It was really good! It was baked chicken with brown rice. It was simple, but definitely a new favorite!", "Sounds right up my alley. I'd love to have a copy and try it out. I've been really busy with the skunks today.", "Hahaha! They must be really excited to see you! How many do you have exactly? Does Rosey interact well with the order skunks?", "Counting the new litter, I'm up to 32. Rosey is a huge help. She's like their leader. The other skunks will follow her lead.", "Wow, that's a lot of skunks! That is so awesome that you can depend on Rosey. Sounds like you all have formed a great bond. I never considered having a pet skunk, but I may have to look into it. My kids might find that to be interesting.", "Most kids do. The majority of my skunks sale as pets for kids. They've been fixed not to spray, so they're kind of cat like. No messes to worry about either. They are very easy to house break."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Chicago. I'm moving to Colorado next month. I'm moving away from Chicago because it's hard to find a job here.", "I am an NFL fan. Chicago Bears will always be my number one team.", "I'm the youngest of five children.", "I didn't go to college. My high school was very strict. I don't like school.", "I already have a job when I get to Colorado! I am excited for the move and starting a new job. Im moving by myself. I landed an entry level job at a marketing firm.", "I have siblings.", "I will be about 30 minutes outside of Boulder."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a college student. I live in a dorm. I'm unemployed.", "I was born in Chicago. I played soccer growing up. I like the Chicago Bears. I live near Chicago. I'm looking for a job.", "I don't like school. I like dorm living. I don't like to be alone.", "I like to watch soccer games. I'm rooting for the Chicago Bears to make the playoffs.", "I live close to my family. I'm the only child. I'm close to my parents.", "I would like to transfer to Colorado University."], "current_conv": ["My siblings will be helping me with the move. ", "Cool! Are they excited for you? It must be weird for them knowing that the baby of the family is moving so far away.", "They're sad and excited at the same time.  The rest of them live around Chicago; I'll be far away but not too far away I guess.", "Yeah, I guess it's a relatively short plane trip, right? You can come back for big holidays. So tell me about the new job. What kind of stuff will you be doing?", "I'll be helping companies establish a presence on social media.  I love to use social media so this is my dream job! It's probably the most effective marketing tool that companies have these days.", "Oh wow that sounds great. Totally agree -- I'm taking a marketing class this semester and the prof said that social media is huge for companies. Make or break huge. ", "Definitely.  Even older people are starting to use social media heavily.  Plus if they can pull in the younger generation they'll have customers for many years after.", "How'd you find your job? Did you use a headhunter or see a social media posting or what? I'm thinking I may be interesting in marketing after I graduate.", "I looked for jobs on Linkedin and used the \"easy apply\" option.  If you have a really good Linkedin profile, the process is super easy and you're likely to find a good job somewhere.", "Oh sweet, thanks for the tip, I'll keep it in mind. I haven't looked much at Linkedin just yet. ", "It's a really good way to build a network.  I request everyone that I work with and it's given me tons of connections.  You look really good to employers when you have connections.", "Okay, maybe I'll go start and account now just so I can start connecting with people. Do you think that's a good idea?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you? Where do you live?", "Hi, I'm good. I'm currently living in a college dormitory as I'm a student. How about yourself?", "Nice! I'm in chicago but moving to co next month..", "I was born in chicago! Small world. I played a lot of soccer growing up there.", "Wow! I'm more into nfl. I love the chicago bears! You?", "The bears are a good team, I agree. What's the job market like in chicago?", "Not good which is why I'm moving. Do you have siblings?.", "Nope, I'm an only child. Do you have any?", "I do. I'm the youngest. All mine are older (4)..", "4 older siblings? Sounds rough. Are they all in school or college?", "Out of school. We didn't go to college. My hs was so strict! Enough school!", "Funnily enough, my mom is the superintendent of a school. I've had enough of it too!", "Funny! My dad was headmaster at my hs!", "Wow! That's crazy. I wonder if I try to should get an education job since I'm unemployed."], ["I booked my plane ticket to Colorado yesterday.", "So it looks like you are finishing your move to Colorado then", "I believe there are more jobs over there I have to move fast to get a job", "I don't blame you. I am still looking for a job here in Chicago", "You might as well come along you probably get a job. There a good soccer pitch in Colorado which be good for you", "I bet they have nice facilities there. I can even catch a Colorado Rapids soccer match.", "Awesome!! you can come if you want tobut will your parent want to release you as the only child to go far from them", "You know I could transfer to Colorado University and that would make it better for them. I could tell them I want to be on my own.", "That sound like a good plan. Will you still want to stay at the dorm or rent a place of your own in Colorado?", "I like living in a dorm. I like being with others. By the way when you move there you better no become a Denver Broncos fan. You cannot betray the Bears.", "Lol... I wont forget my source anyway it depends on their performance this season", "If they can get the right quarterback, I can see the Bears making the playoffs this year."], ["You wouldn't believe it. I think I already have a job when I get to Colorado!", "Wow! That's great ! Then you will be missing the Chicago Bears i guess?", "Yes, but they will always be my number one team!  I am excited for the move and starting a new job.", "Are you moving with the family? What kind of Job you have got?", "No Im moving by myself, it should be an adventure!  I think I landed an entry level job at a marketing firm.", "Nice! You will be missing your siblings right?", "Yes I will miss my family a lot but I think its the right time to make the move.  We will visit often. DO you live close to your family?", "Yes, but I would opt for dorm living. Since I'm the only child in our home I like to make many friends.", "Since you are an only child are you very close with your parents?", "Of course I'm close with them. You are new to Colorado right? Where are you going to stay there?", "I will be about 30 minutes outside of Boulder.  Have you been to Colorado before?", "No, but I would like to transfer to Colorado University."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going to college next year. I study neuroscience and work in a lab. I work in the medical field. I study many different things. I find my work intersting. I am knowledgeable about how the human brain functions.", "My mom works in fast food.", "I like ice cream.", "I am an eagle scout.", "I do volunteer work.", "I like reading. I am reading a Stephen King novel.", "I have a toaster that I use daily.", "I don't have any cats."], "partner_persona": ["I am a student. I like rock music.", "My mother is a nurse. I have two moms.", "I like jello.", "I don't know much about how the brain works.", "I am an inquisitive person. I don't trust everything I see online.", "I often forget to drink enough water.", "I am a surfer. I recently saw a shark.", "I'm reading the book, \"The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People."], "current_conv": ["How are you liking that book? I've never read it but I see that it has some pretty good reviews.", "It is good, but you need to have the will to change your bad habits if you want the book to be effective. I prefer novels, how good is the book that are are reading at the moment ?", "Yea that makes sense, it can be hard to put into practice in real life! I've just finished the Stephen King book \"It\", though I've never actually seen the movie. Have you seen the movie?", "I did not see the movie, I never liked any movie adaptation of Stephen King's books. Do you like movies based on books ? ", "Sometimes, I think it's interesting to see how they manage to adapt a book into a film. It can work well, but sometimes it can be terrible. I read Lord of the Rings last year and it was interesting to see how much they had to miss out in the films (otherwise they might have had to make 10 films rather than 3!!). ", "You are right, I also like movie adaptations Pride and Prejudice was really good. Also, you needed to read Dune before seeing the movie, otherwise you would not understand most of it, another case where they should have made 3 movies instead of one. What is your favorite movie adaptation ?", "I'll put Dune on my reading list! Yes I agree, the movie adaptations of Pride and Prejudice are great. That's a really good question though, I'm actually not sure on my favortie. What's yours?", "I really like Pride and Prejudice, the ball scenes were really good and I liked how Mary was treated, always in the background. In the book, she is mentioned, but it felt as they could just erased her and the book would be better. If you don't have a favorite movie adaptation, do you have a favorite movie ? ", "Yes the ball scenes were beautiful. Have you watched Bridgerton at all? Some of the ball scenes in that are beautiful. ", "It did not see Bridgerton, what kind of show is it ?", "It's a Netflix series which is based on books set in the 1800's. It's very English! But if you like period dramas, you might enjoy it!", "Thanks for the suggestion, I will add it to list. Do you want Netflix often ?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, are you a student, I'm going to college next year.", "Hello, I am, I love rock music.", "Cool, I like to study neuroscience and do volunteer lab work while listening to rock.", "My mom is a nurse, so I have been to a lab too.", "Awesome, my mom works fast food, so do I.", "Do your restaurant serve jello? That is my favorite.", "No, closest thing is ice cream, which I really like.", "My other mom likes icecream too.", "Lol, I gotta run in a sec, eagle scout training.", "Cool, is that what you do in your free time?", "Between volunteer work, work, and eagle scout work, not much.", "What are you working on with eagle scout."], ["What rock bands are you interested in?", "Def Leppard, Linkin Park, Nine Inch Nails, stuff like that. What kind of work do you do in your lab?", "It\u2019s a lot to do with the electrical charges of the brain. We are working on a cure for brain ailments like Alzheimer\u2019s.", "Holy smokes. That sounds very important and hard! What about epilepsy or brain cancer? Do you study illnesses such as depression or anxiety?", "Not cancer but yeah a lot of other things like depression. Did you know the brain sends electrical charges at almost the same rate as electricity flows through jello. So in a sense it has the same conductivity as jello does?", "I didn't know that!! Is it true that if you have more wrinkles on your brain, then you're smarter?", "There is some correlation but there\u2019s a lot more to it than that.", "I didn't know if it was true or not. What about your brain separating from your skull if you're dehydrated? Is that true?", "Yeah it does contract and detach somewhat. It doesn\u2019t take a long time for it to revert back to normal. It\u2019s a good reason to keep up on drinking enough water every day though.", "I never knew that before. I saw a video on it and wondered how true it was. Does it damage the functionality of your brain when you're dehydrated?", "It can slow down reaction time and impair thinking but it would take severe dehydration to really damage it.", "I have a hard time drinking a lot of water or remembering to that is. I guess this will motivate me to stay hydrated. For the sake of my brain."], ["Have you been staying hydrated? You better be after our last conversation! I saw that one of the bands l=you like is coming to town; we should check out the show!", "Have you finished reading your stephen king book?", "Not yet but I am going through it at my own pace. I really like it so far! How have your studies been going?", "I totally did. It was awesome. I saw a big shark.", "Oh that sounds terrifying! Are you ok?", "Yeah, he swam right up to my board. Then he stuck his mouth out of the water right near my foot.", "I would be so scared if that happened to me. At least if anything bad happened your mom could help patch you up.", ": I'm better than okay. It was awesome. But that's all boring stuff. Let's talk about something interesting. I hear you have a toaster!", "I am glad everything turned out ok. Yea I have had the toaster for a while, I use it daily!", "What are your cats up to?", "Oh you must have confused me with someone I do not own any cats. You mentioned you dont know much about the brain, perhaps I could help you if it interests you?", "Yeah, I am reading a book. \"The 7 habits of highly effective people\". quite interesting."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a stay-at-home mom of three kids. I am getting a teaching degree.", "I have a husband.I would like to travel.", "My hobby is illustrating children's books.", "I run in the mornings.", "I like blues colors, such as turquoise and teal.", "I wish I could have fun on a trip someday.I like adventure and things with historical value.", "I would like to visit Rome and Germany."], "partner_persona": ["I'm single.", "My parents were in the military.", "I run long-distance.", "I like the color turquoise.", "I watch open mic shows. I am not talented enough to perform at open mics. I like comedy. I have fun at open mics.", "I lived in Germany and the Phillipines when I was a kid. I visited Africa a couple of years ago. I went on a safari in Africa. I got close to a pride of lions. I was a little nervous on the safari bus being so close to the animals.", "I would like to visit Italy. I used to live around Frankfurt, Germany."], "current_conv": ["I've been thinking more about my trip and you're swaying me towards Germany rather than Italy.", "That's awesome! Honestly, you couldn't go wrong with either place, but I have such fond memories of Germany. What time of year were you thinking of going?", "I am thinking of going in the summer when the weather will be nice.", "If you're aiming for a great summer destination, I would suggest somewhere around Lake Konstanz. There are so many fun things to do in theat area; the flower island Mainau is particularly beautiful.", "Thanks for the suggestion.  Tell me more about your experiences in Germany.", "Well more people speak English than you think, so you shouldn't really have a hard time on that front, but driving can be tricky sometimes. Also, if you go in the summer, just remember that most places won't have air conditioning. When I look back now, that's probably why we spent so much of summer outdoors. Lol - if you're going to sweat anyways might as well have fun while you're doing it!", "Great.  What is there to do in Frankfurt?", "Definitely visit the kleinmarkthalle, it's like a little farmer's market that takes place every day. Most of the bakers that sell here will have a good selection of local breads and treats - don't forget to get a pretzel!", "That's the kind of off the beat things that I am looking for.  Thanks!  Have you been on any long runs lately?", "The weather has been rough this past week, so I've been running on my treadmill indoors. I'm hoping it clears up this weekend though. What about you? How has work on your degree been going?", "I've been running in the mornings when it is cool and the sun is coming up.  I should have my degree within a year.", "I'm so excited for you; what a relief it will be to have that under your belt! I know it's a bit early, but do you have any job leads for teaching when you're finished?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? I'm a stay-at-home mom of 3 getting my degree in teaching.", "Wow! I'm single, love to travel...i've been all over the world.", "I'm happily married but would love to travel when my kids are grown!", "I'm an army brat. My parents met in high school.", "So you grew up traveling it sounds like.", "Yes. For fun, I love to go to open mic nights.", "Sounds interesting! I'm a children's book illustrator. That's my main hobby.", "Great! I'm a long distance runner.", "Great for the heart. I run some mornings too. Clears the mind.", "Yes, it does. What's your favorite color? I love turquoise.", "Same! Teal, turqouise. I like most blues.", "So do I! Sounds like we have lots in common."], ["Do you play at open mic nights? Or just go to watch?", "I just go to watch. I don't really have any talent to get up and perform myself.", "Oh thats fine but you have fun going there, do you have a regular place or you go any open mic nights", "I go to several, but I prefer going to the comedy club.  I like watching comedy.  You should go sometime with your husband. It's a lot of fun!", "Maybe one day If I can get someone to look after our kids. Which country have you travel to?", "Well, as a kid my parents were stationed in Germany, and in the Phillipines.  I took a trip to africa a couple of years ago though.", "Oh did you? how was it in Africa and which of the country did you visisted?", "Africa was great. you'd think it would be sad to see the way some of the villagers live, but they were all so joyful and welcoming.  I traveled all throughout central Africa.  Even went on a safari!", "wow I wish I have this fun someday. tell me more about your trip", "Well, I got to see a pride of lions up close...maybe a little too close!  But it was beautiful.  unlike anything you can see here.", "What! you moved close? is that not dangerous or its been tame?", "Well, we were on the safari bus, and the guides instilled a lot of confidence. They weren't afraid, so it must not have been as dangerous as it seemed.  My heart skipped a few beats though!"], ["After hearing about your trip to Africa, I decided to finally book a fun vacation of my own. Where do you think I should go?", "Well what sort of things do you like to do? Do you like hot weather, trying new food or cities?", "I dont prefer hot weather at all!  I like adventure and things with historical value.", "Ah ok, well Europe has a lot of history, especially places like Italy and Greece. You can visit during the cooler months so it is not so hot.", "Yes that sounds like a good plan.  I would love to see some of the sites in Rome and Germany as well.  What area of Germany did you live in?", "I would love to visit the old Roman parts of Italy. I lived around Frankfurt, it has some wonderful architecture.", "I've heard they have wonderful Christmas markets n Germany, have you been to them?", "I always went them. the atmosphere was wonderful and the food was even better. Have you ever tried German sausages?", "No I haven't, but I bet they are delicious. What are they usually served with?", "You can just eat them as they are in a roll. They are enormous so I am normally happy to eating a sausage on its own while I walk around the market.", "Oh that sounds wonderfully delicious.  Do you put mustard or any condiments on the sausage", "Yes you can do they are normally well seasoned and packed full of flavor anyway."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet raccoon and bearded dragon.", "I am very tall, so is my brother. My brother owns a grocery store.", "I do not like to watch basketball. I am a zoo keeper, I stay busy. It's always exciting. I sedated a lion that got out. I used a tranquillizer dart on the lion to sedate it. I give medication to animals that are sick.", "I drive two Mustangs.", "I love being outside. I like windy days, because I like to fly kites.", "My mother is from Russia.", "I like the sport of curling.", "I am a swimmer. I like doing laps. It makes me very hungry."], "partner_persona": ["I am short.", "I like to watch basketball. Basketball is my favorite sport. I am a Lakers fan.", "My father is a truck driver.", "I like working outside.", "My mother is from Canada.", "I am from the USA.", "I consider myself a man's man.", "I like curling. My parents were curling fans, too. My uncle used to be a competitive curler.", "I love to swim. I'm not really an athlete."], "current_conv": ["So the Lakers are doing pretty great so far--you must love that!", "Yeah, but they just got knocked out of the playoffs, haha", "damn that sucks, hope you didn't have any bets on 'em lol. So lakers are out, anything on the curling front?", "No, I haven't played in a while.  I have been swimming a lot lately though.  Have you been swimming lately?", "Not lately, works been extra busy going into the summer, but I have some time off soon so I'm definitely gonna find some time to swim", "I have been swimming a lot now that it is warming up.  Taking a nice dip in the morning or evening is soothing.", "I need to move to a place with a pool. A morning dip sounds so nice, and I can get back into doing laps.", "So how are your animals doing?", "Bandit is doing great, that little raccoon has stolen my heart! And Smaug is good too, I got him some colored sand for his tank, so He's tinted kinda blue now haha", "That is so cute!  What about the animals at the zoo?", "Oh you are not gonna believe what happened last week, Simba got out AGAIN.", "Oh wow.  I hope that Simba doesn't have to be put down."], "history_conv": [["Hello. Just finished feeding my pat racoon and bearded dragon. They're crazy.", "Hello.wow. Are you tall or short, me I'm short..", "I'm tall. My brother is tall too. He owns a grocery store.", "That great, do you play basketball. I sure like to watch basketball.", "I don't but that's cool. I'm busy, I'm a zoo keeper. Takes a lot of my time.", "Wow your busy. My father is away busy driving is truck..", "Crazy. Long haul? I drive too. I have 2 mustang cars. They rip.", "Is it fun working outside, I do like working outside.", "Love it. I also love being outside to fly kites. Windy days are best. :).", "My mother is not from usa, she form canada. How about your mother..", "Interesting. So where were you born? My noms from russia.", "I'm from usa. Russia cool."], ["Today a lion got out of its enclosure.", "Oh my goodness! Is everyone okay? Did anything bad happen?", "Only to the lion.  We had to sedate it, and that's so stressful for them!  Luckily it didn't get into any public areas.", "What do you sedate the lions with? Do you use the same thing to sedate all of the animals?", "A tranquilizer dart.  It's just like in the movies!  Haha.  Every animal needs something specific.  They're just like people in that way.", "Wow! Have you ever had any other animals get out of their enclosures?", "I always hear from the more senior keepers about a time a group of chimpanzees got out and caused havoc for a whole day before they could round them up.", "Aren't chimps a super aggressive breed of monkeys? How do you administer their medicine? Do you have to sedate them before doing so?", "Luckily none of our chimps are sick right now.  We can give them medication in food if we need to!  They are more just curious than aggressive.  Have you ever seen chimps in a zoo?  They aren't scared of us.", "Do they ever get angry and start throwing their feces? I know that some can misbehave whenever they get frustrated.", "Sometimes!  We have a \"splash zone\" near their enclosure.  Enter at your own risk.", "Haha. A designated splash zone. That's crazy. I heard they sometimes spit, too. Since they're in captivity, do they ever have spots from over grooming?"], ["Did you see the basketball game last night? It was a close call.", "Oh heck ya I did! I would never miss a Lakers game, you know this! The Nuggets are a good team, but LeBron James is eternally the GOAT. No way they were winning that game!", "I thought I would try catch the game since I know you are a huge fan. I am starting to like watching it more now. Do you like any other sports?", "I mean, I'm a man's man. I like all sports really, but basketball is definitely my favorite. What sports are you most interested in?", "It may be nerdy, but I like curling haha. Maybe your mom does, if she is from Canada?", "Oh, I can't lie, I like curling too, but it's rather embarrassing. My mother and father both loved curling. Interestingly enough, but my uncle on my father's side was a competitive curler. I don't think he ever went to the Olympics or anything, but I hear he was pretty good.", "Oh, that is amazing! It is actually really fun to play, it is a good social sport. I also enjoy swimming. Quite random sports I like haha.", "Swimming is probably one of the healthiest exercises you can participate in, though. It's very low impact, so it's good for your joints. It's also a full body exercise, because you need to use all your muscles in conjunction together to swim. I love swimming too, I just wouldn't say I'm an athlete by any  means.", "Wow, you know a lot about it! I really enjoy swimming laps. The only problem is that swimming makes me so hungry, I want to eat everything in sight after a workout!", "I always wondered, but do you feel its easier to swim being as tall as you are? I'm not very tall and I feel like my weight is all centered in one spot, so I swim like a rock! Also, how have things been working at the zoo?", "Do you see how tall Michael Phelps is and how long his arms are?! It is actually way easier to swim being tall haha. The zoo has been great, there really is never a dull day.", "Dude, I knew it. I'm a bad swimmer because I'm short! Oh well, I still love doing it. And that's cool you're still enjoying the zoo, I would be too scared after having to sedate a lion! That had to have been terrifying, honestly."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am old fashioned.", "I have a twin sister. I have a niece. My niece has great teeth. My sister make necklaces and earrings.", "I think airboats are awesome.", "I've never seen an alligator.", "I've never been to Louisiana. I'd like to visit New Orleans. I haven't hunted alligators before.", "I have a camera.", " I am celebrating Mardi Gras."], "partner_persona": ["I like old fashioned cars. I am not old fashioned.", "I think gator teeth are cool. I hunt gators. I have a gator teeth collection.", "I am in trouble with the law. I starved myself to by truck tires. I bought truck tires for my dad. I have a dad that is alive.", "I have an airboat. My dream is to own a 91 Camaro.", "I'm not very creative. I'm and outdoorsy person.", "I live near Louisiana I've been to New Orleans several times. I've been to Mardi Gras. I like the people of New Orleans.", "I have a home. I have a raft. I live in a neighborhood. I have an old pair of boots.", "I drink alcohol. I live in a tourist town."], "current_conv": ["Did you get some good pictures from our alligator hinting trip?", "I did!  I can send them to you if you'd like.  I was going to make a Facebook post as well.", "Nice. It was quite the experience watching you out there rasslin' those gators. I'll never forget it. Did you replace your boots yet?", "I did.  A gator took a bite out of one of them so it was finally their time to go.  I can't believe that the gator somehow didn't bite my foot.", "I have no idea. I'm not brave enough to do what you do, that's for sure. Do you ever watch old Steve Irwin videos to get inspiration?", "Yes, the mutual respect between him and animals is always amazing to see.  As long as you have a good idea of how to control and respect the animals, you should usually be fine.", "That's probably true, but then again, wild animals are wild animals, right? You never can be quite sure what they'll do.", "that's true also.  There are some animals that I'll never mess with.  You'll never see me around hippos, lions, or tigers.", "Hippos? Are hippos dangerous? I hadn't thought about that before. What about bears? Would you take on a bear?", "Hippos are some of the most dangerous animals in the world.  They're super territorial and will attack on sight, and they're a lot faster than you would expect.  I wouldn't take on a bear either.  They're way too big.", "I had no idea. Go figure! They just look so chunky and whenever I see them I think of that Madagascar movie. I will now remember to never approach a hippo.", "Good.  Honestly just stay out of the water wherever there are hippos and you'll be fine."], "history_conv": [["I'm very old-fashioned.", "That's neat! I like old fashioned cars but I'm not old fashioned myself.", "My twin sister and I have a niece, she has great teeth.", "Thats neat, teeth are cool. Especially gator teeth. I hunt gators.", "Oh wow, do you shoot them with a rifle like on that tv show?", "Sort of, although I don't think I could be on tv, since I've been introuble before.", "Everyone on tv is in trouble..", "I in trouble with the law. I starved myself once to buy 33in truck tires.", "Why did you spend money on tires? To race cops?", "Nah, I have an airboat but my dream is to have an 91 camaro.", "Airboats are awesome because they don't need tires and air is free.", "True, but I needed to buy those for my dad. We're kind of runaways.", "If you're running from the law, don't use wheels, they leave tracks.", "You're right. Thank you. What do you like to do?"], ["I told my sister about you and she wants to know if you sell any of the gator teeth she wants to make jewelry out of them.", "I haven't sold any of the alligator teeth thus far, but perhaps I could get some for your sister. What kind of jewelry does she make?", "She makes necklaces and earrings that she sells to her friends!", "That is cool to hear. Do you also make jewelry?", "No, I don't make jewelry. I'm not very good at crafts and things like that! Are you good at crafts?", "Nah. I don't have much in the way of a creative side! I'm more of an outdoorsy type person, hence why I have an airboat and go after Gators!", "Where do you live that's near alligators? I've never seen an alligator before!", "Because I'm kind of in trouble with the law, I can't say exactly, but think Louisiana area! There are quite a lot of alligators here, and often they end up in places they don't belong.", "Oh, cool! I've never been to Louisiana, but I've always wanted to visit New Orleans!", "New Orleans is great! I've been there several times. It's such a unique place. There are literal areas that are active all night long!", "That sounds like so much fun! Have you ever been there for Mardi Gras?", "I have! It was crazy! And the people of New Orleans, the locals, are really nice people. They're pretty accommodating to tourists and visitors."], ["Are you going alligator hunting today?", "I cant today, an alligator ate my boots yesterday then he got away. My truck keys were in my left boot so I had to walk home barefoot", "Oh man, what a rough day! Maybe next time you should take your airboat?", "Good idea! That raft is so slow and my of colletion gator teeth keep popping it. I just havent had gas money since since I bought my dad those used tires", "That is understandable. I guess now you will have to save for a new pair of boots!", "I was gonna go walk the neighborhood and see what I could find. Ill tell you what, if I find that gator Ill make boots out of him and Ill give you my old ones. Im pretty sure he swallowed them whole.", "That is a great idea!! I was thinking of coming out there for a visit! Maybe you could teach me to hunt alligators?", "I dont know... Youd have to be pretty stupid to go out there with me. How am I going to explain to your sister neice why  you went home without your penny loafers", "Haha, good point! Well maybe I can go out and watch you wrestle them and I will stay on the airboat and take pictures!", "Oh yeah!!! yippy doo a koo koo kachoo!!!! That sounds like a plan. Youre going to love the swamp", "I am sure it will be fun! I may bring my niece with me as well! Should we plan to come during Mardi Gras?", "If you want to go to Mardi Gras then yes. Its awful busy around here during that time but I love hunting gator on no sleep and hungover. Its the best. Lets make it a plan"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to cook. I enjoy movies. 21 pilots is my favorite music group. I saw 21 Pilots live a few years ago.", "I work in L.A. at a seafood restaurant. I like trying new recipes.", "I mostly eat meats and greens. I love seafood. I love fried shrimp.", "Roar is my favorite Katy Perry song.", "My boyfriend is a musician. He plays in an amateur rock band. I want to see Katy Perry in concert.", "I am scared to go rock climbing."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy rock climbing sometimes. I love movies. I am mom to two children.", "Katy Perry is my favorite musician. Firework is my favorite Katy Perry song. I like her new album. I am from California.", "I enjoy cooking. I cook healthy food for my kids.", "I am 30 years old.", "I like 21 Pilots. I have seen them live. I like attending concerts in the summer. I want to see a 21 Pilots concert.", "I have made some new recipes lately. I am trying to cook more seafood. I like seafood chowder. I like tempura, too.", "I am married with a husband. We have young kids. My husband is tired of my cooking."], "current_conv": ["Are the kids keeping you busy today?", "They always do! lol! I'm also keeping myself busy trying a new recipe. I'm lucky that my kids are not picky eaters.", "Very true. When I was living at home my mom could never eat her favorite foods or try new things because my dad was a meat/potatoes kind of guy. Got any plans for 4th of July?", "The whole family is going to a fourth of July concert and then watching fireworks afterward. How about you?", "Ah, will you be jamming out to Katy Perry? Lol. We bought tickets to go to San Diego, meeting up with some old grade school friends.", "No, no Katy. But Firework should be song that must be played at every fourth of July celebration. lol! And I'm impressed that you still keep in touch with people from grade school.", "It's a reunion of sorts, it will be fun to see how everyone has changed. It's going to be a bonfire on the beach, casual kind of thing.", "Well, it sounds like it will be a fun time. You'll have to tell me all about it when you get back. Maybe you can try a new seafood place or two in San Diego.", "You know I will, haha. Remind me, how old are your little ones? Are they doing camp or anything this summer?", "My kids are 5 and 7. For my own sanity, I signed them up for a half-day summer day camp program at a local park. They love it. They get to run around the playground and they have activities each morning, mostly involving nature things, like learning about tadpoles, trees, flowers, and that kind of thing.", "That's terrific, sounds like they will learn a lot. Isn't it funny when kids tell you something that you didn't teach them? And it's so important you get to have some \"me-time,\" or grown up time with the hubby.", "Absolutely true. Every day the kids come home with some new fact. I'm half-expecting one of them to pull some small critter out of their pockets one of these days. lol!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, do you enjoy rock climbing or walking?", "I do, on occasion! But I prefer to watch movies and cook. I'm a mother of two.", "I enjoy both. What music are you into. 21 pilots is my fav band.", "My favorite artist is katy perry. She represents my hometown of california!", "I work at a seafood restaurant in l.a.!", "Is your establishment's food healthy? I only cook healthy for my children.", "Sure! Although I eat lots of greens and meats, I enjoy seafood.", "Too many people don't eat healthy enough now. I sound kind of old for being 30, huh?", "Not at all. Hey, we should go rock climbing some time.", "I'd love to! I'll have to see if anyone can watch my children if I go though.", "We can listen to some katt perry and 21 pilots.", "Maybe watch some movies later as well!", "Guess its a plan then!", "Agreed! I'll be sure to cook up a healthy meal for the night."], ["What are your favorite albums and songs by Katy Perry?", "Firework is my favorite song. I am listening to her newest album currently, which is good so far.", "That one is really good. I like Roar. :)", "Oh that's a great one! I also love 21 Pilots too. Their songs are so catchy. Have you ever seen them live?", "I saw them live a few years ago - amazing stage show - fire and smoke. It was quite the experience.", "I love going to concerts. The energy is amazing. It's also nice during the summer when you can sit on a blanket with food and drinks and listen to a show.", "My boyfriend is a musician so live music is a part of my life. I do wish he played more shows outside, because you are right, it's nice to enjoy music and drinks.", "That must be quite the busy life, being a musician! Yes, outside shows are ideal, particularly so my kids can be free to play with their toys while I enjoy the music. We all win in that scenario!", "Very true! Life is busy, but it's better than being bored. Tried any new recipes lately? I'd love to try something new that was quick cooking.", "I have! I just got this new cookbook from a local grocery store. It only involves quick recipes that you can make on a sheet pan. I have made some amazing recipes lately. Do you have any favorite recipes from your restaurant? I'm trying to cook with more seafood this spring/summer.", "Everything we make at the restuarant, is slow cooked, and takes time to develop flavors. It's amazing food, but not practical to replicate at home.", "Of course, that makes sense. I'm not the best at cooking seafood- that's when I let my husband be in charge :)"], ["Have you tried a new seafood recipe yet? I hear concerts are starting to open back up, as well!", "I just made a seafood chowder lately! It tastes great. What's your favourite dish to cook at your restuarant?", "I really like any chance I get to fry something and make a sauce to go with it. It can really turn regular seafood into something completely different. Fried shrimp would probably be my favorite.", "Wow that sounds delicious! I want to try that too. I like myself a good tempura as well. And yes I am really excited for the concerts to open up. Are you planning on going to any when they do>", "Oh yeah, for sure! I'm already planning to book tickets to the next Katy Perry concert in my area, but it seems that might not be for a while. My boyfriend has been wanting to go to a concert, but we've had a hard time deciding on one.", "That's awesome! If you choose to go to one, let me know and I can bring my husband as well. I hope she plays Firework! It's a classic for me. I hope 21 Pilots announces a tour soon as well!", "Yeah, that's another one I'd like to go to. I'll definitely let you know when we decide on something. Have you taken your kids to any concerts?", "Honestly, I have not. I feel that they are a little young to be going to concerts right now. Maybe in a few years. By the way, you mentioned your boyfriend was a musician. What kind of music does he do?", "He is mostly into rock, although his band has experimented with a few other things too. He keeps thinking that they're going to make it big. I guess we'll see about that.", "Hahaha I certainly hope so. Keep going to concerts. Maybe the vibes will rub off on him. Speaking of ROCK, have you ever been rock climbing before? It's really exhilarating!", "No, I've always been too scared to try it. My boyfriend wanted to try it once a few years back, but I just couldn't do it.", "Ahh I see. Fair enough it is not for everyone. But I encourage you to try it! You might just like it. Also my husband has been complaining about to food I make him. He says I make the same food everyday. Any recommendations from meals you make your boyfriend?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["Fishing is my job. I caught a Blue Marlin.", "I grew up in New England. I currently live in new England.", "I have a truck.", "I don't play baseball.", "I have previously purchased fish fry.  I go fishing often. I fish in the ocean. I cook.  I eat fish very often.", "I have kids."], "partner_persona": ["My son plays soccer.", "I am from New England too. I moved to California. I am concerned about the homeless problem in California. I would like to move back to New England.", "I have never driven cross country.", "I have never been fishing. My son has never fished. I love to eat fish. I like to eat salmon. I have never eaten Blue Marlin.", "I have never been on the Gold Gage Bridge.", "My son broke his ankle. My son is emotional. My son is active. My son loves sports. My son plays video games. My son has a tablet.", "I cook."], "current_conv": ["I caught a big marlin the other day!", "Oh wow, congrats. How much did it weigh? Are you going to do a fish fry with it?", "It weighed about 200 lbs.  I am going to cook it up, eat it, feed my family, trade some with friends and then freeze the rest", "That's amazing! Is that the biggest one you've ever caught? Did you have to use a crane to haul it into the fishing boat? So awesome. Man alive, I'd love to taste that one.", "That the biggest one I have caught.  Myself a few members of my crew battled for over an hour before it tired out.", "Get any video? I bet you could get some hits online for that one! I know I'd love to see it. Anyway, congrats again. Amazing catch. You planning on going again soon?", "No, unfortunately we didn't have time to take any video.  Yeah, I'll go back out in a week or two.  I have to get this one cut up and processed first.", "Makes sense. I'm sure it takes time to deal with 200 lbs of fish. So what else do you have going on? What're the kids up to?", "They are helping me process the fish.  How is your son doing?", "He's doing okay. He was sidelined from playing ball because of his ankle, so he's been playing more video games. Mostly Mario.", "How long does he have to stay off of his ankle?", "A few more weeks and then they'll recheck it to see how it's healing."], "history_conv": [["Hi, did you see the baseball game last night?", "No, I didn't. My son had soccer practice. How was the game?", "Was good. I watched it while I was out on the fishing boat.", "You fish? Sport fishing or do you catch and eat?.", "It's my job. I like fish too but I would never turn down lasagna.", "I try to cook healthy, so we eat a lot of fish..", "I grew up in new england so I've always eaten a lot of fish.", "Oh really? I'm from new england too. Recent transplant to ca.", "Did you drive out there? I love road trips in my truck.", "Yeah. It was great! I never drove crosscountry before..", "I always drive to all of my baseball games no matter how far.", "Do you play? My son wants to start..", "No I just watch..", "Are you still living in new england?"], ["I caught an impressive fish.", "Oh really?  What kind of fish did you catch?  I love to eat fish, but have never really been fishing.", "It was a big ole Blue Marlin! What kind of fish do you enjoy eating? Do you have any suggestions on cooking fish?", "I actually enjoy fresh salmon, which I just saute with some butter and garlic.  I have never tried any Blue Marlin.  That must have been fun catching it.  I miss living in New England.  Do you still live there?", "I do still live in New England. It was quite exciting when I caught it. I've always noticed that the boxes of fish fry are always so salty.", "Yes, they really are.  You can actually just make your own by mixing different spices together, and its not nearly as salty.", "I bought some immediately regretted it afterwards, because of the saltiness. I also noticed that it's way easier to cook fish in butter rather than oil, if it's not breaded. How is it living in California?", "Well, California has beautiful beaches.  The cities are getting a little bit crazy.  The homeless situation is out of control.", "Do you ever miss being in New England? Do they have a plan for the homeless? What do you mean the cities are getting crazy?", "I just mean they are getting crazy due to the homeless situation.  I feel bad for them, but there are needles and excrement on the streets.  Very unsanitary.  I really do miss New England.  I hope to move back someday.", "I bet that's very scary having a child in those conditions! I would yell if I saw someone just throw a needle down. Those kind of people are selfish! They have places to dispose of them!! Have you ever been on the Golden Gate Bridge?", "No, I have never been to the Golden Gate Bridge, but plan on going one day.  So what kind of truck do you drive?"], ["Hello again!  Has your son had a soccer game since we last chatted?", "Yes, unfortunately it was a disaster!  He broke his ankle on a really ugly tackle.  He'll be in a cast for weeks and probably miss the rest of the season.", "Oh no! That is terrible news. How is he doing? He must be so sad.", "Yes, he's devastated.  I'm much more worried about his emotional wellbeing than his physical health.  He's so active that he's having a hard time dealing with the thought of not being able to play sports and do what his friends do.  Although I think he'll get back to some level of activity more quickly than he thinks.", "I can imagine. Has he ever been fishing? It's physical, but relaxing, and you don't have to use your ankle!", "That's a great idea!  He's never been fishing but now might be a good time to introduce him to it.  I just don't want him vegging out playing video games or staring at a tablet and sulking for weeks.", "Right, kids need to spend time outside. Let me know if the two of you want to come fishing with me. Maybe we'll catch a Blue Marlin and then have it for dinner!", "That would be amazing.  How has the fishing been since we last talked?", "It has been really good. The water has been calm and the fish abundant. I have been eating fish for dinner every single night. Nothing beats New England fishing!", "I had a really great piece of grilled salmon the other night.  Some friends invited us over and cooked it on the barbecue.  Boy that was a treat.", "That sounds very nice. Did you have any sides with the salmon?", "Yes, my friend cooked some asparagus, some wild rice, and then we had some strawberry shortcake for dessert.  I'm going to have to invite them over for dinner to pay them back."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like movies. I avoid horror movies because they scare me. I enjoy comedy movies.", "I recently watched the movie Frozen with my niece. I liked the movie Frozen. I don't usually watch cartoons.", "My niece is in elementary school.", "I have kids. I'm planning on a family reunion trip. The trip is going to be in the first week of August. We are going to go to the beach or the mountains. I've been checking out beach houses. My children are out of school until the end of August."], "partner_persona": ["I like to read.", "I like fantasy and science fiction books.", "I like horror movies.", "I have a dog.  My dog likes horror movies.", "There is a lot of chaos in my life.", "I have not seen any movies recently. I have been busy lately. I have been unsettled lately.", "I do not have any nieces or nephews. I have shunned my family. I'm dealing with family problems at the moment. My dog helps with my stress.", "I haven't been to the beach in a long time.", "I'm trying to work up the motivation to exercise. It's hard to leave the house though. I sometimes have a hard time motivating myself."], "current_conv": ["Did you end up getting some exercise? Are you feeling better now?", "I did get some exercise! I finally got up the motivation to leave the house and I'm glad I did. I ended up running 3 miles.", "I'm so glad to hear that! I know you have been struggling to get the motivation up. 3 miles is a very tough run. Where all did you go for your run and can I join you next time?", "I just went around town. I'm thinking about upping it to 4 miles next time. I plan on going tomorrow morning before it gets too hot. When are you available?", "Mornings are great for me. Its been so hot I really do want to make sure to do it before it gets hot. How about we aim for 7 am?", "Sounds great! It will force me to get out of bed. Don't forget to bring some water. It's all about hydration! Do you want to meet at my house or yours?", "I certainly will remember the water. 4 miles is a bit more then I would normally do so I'm sure I will need to stay hydrated. If you want to meet at my place I can do breakfast afterward. How does that sound?", "Yeah, our run should build up our appetites. I usually run with my dog, so I might need to drop him off at the house before we get the food if that is okay.", "That shouldn't be a problem. Or, we could just meet at your place for the run and then head over to my place after we get done running.", "I like that idea better. I can just drop him back off at my house afterwards. If this goes well, we should make it a daily thing.", "The running daily sounds great. I don't always have the time to do breakfast afterward. But, we could probably do that about half of the days. Do you have any food allergies I need to be aware of? I'm headed to the store soon so I should be able to cater to any issues. ", "Nope no food allergies. I eat everything. Thanks for asking though. I will host the breakfast the next time."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today.", "Hello! I am great. Just reading a new book I love. How are you?", "What kind of books do you like.", "I like fantasy and science fiction. Bring me to a world outside this one!", "That's cool I'm a movie fan myself.", "Oh, that's fun! Movies are great too. What movies do you like?", "I like everything and anything but horror.", "Oh! I love horror movies. I love the scare tactics used. Haha.", "Good for you you can have them all.", "Haha. Yes, I will take them all. Even my dog who I love enjoys scary movies.", "Oh I never heard of a dog who likes them.", "Yes, it's a bit strange, but he gets afixed to the tv when they're on.", "Usually dogs are scared or bark at the screen.", "Yeah, it's true. I think it's because he's used to so much chaos in real life.."], ["I saw that there was a horror movie showing at the theater, are you going to go to it?", "Horror movies can be scary to watch thou maybe reason why you dont like it?", "Yes, they can scare me sometimes so I try to avoid them! My favorite genre is comedy!", "oh okay. Which movie do watch recently?", "The last movie I watched was actually Frozen with my niece haha! What about you?", "I haven,t seen any movie recently been busy and unsettled. What is Frozen all about hope it was interesting", "It is a kids movie! I actually really liked it!", "Oh is it! do you watch cartoon movies too?", "Not really, just when I'm with my niece! She loves cartoons!", "Okay how old is your niece?", "She is in elementary school! Do you have any nieces or nephews?", "none. I have lately shun family away been through alot shit"], ["Has the chaos in your life settle down?  Have you made any progress reuniting with your family?", "No, not really. Things have still been really chaotic. I've just been avoiding everyone for the most part, I can't handle any more stress right now. I've been staying at home with my dog and just trying to relax. What's new with you?", "I am planning a trip with my family, a reunion of sorts.  We are thinking about going to the beach.", "That's really awesome. I haven't been to the beach in a really long time, I should go before summer ends, and maybe bring my dog too. When are you having the reunion?", "We are planning it for the first week in August, before kids go back to school.  This way everyone can likely attend.  We might do the mountains instead, which do you think is a better option?", "I think the beach might be better, if there are going to be any small children there. Hiking can be a lot on children, and they can be even harder to manage. The beach might be something that's easier for the young and the old.", "Yes that's a good point.  I think you are right.  The beach houses Ive looked into are so expensive in August!", "I do know of a public park that has private pavilion areas that you can rent out for small parties. They come complete with barbecues and their own bathrooms and what not, maybe that could be a good option for you? And sorry if I'm not saying much about my family, I'm just too stressed out to really talk about them right now.", "That's ok, I hope things settle down with your family.  Are you doing anything to help with the stress its caused?", "No... not really. I've been trying to exercise but I'm struggling to get the motivation. I'm struggling to get out of the house, really. I might need a friend to come over and help me out, just saying! Come cheer me up!", "Ha I wish I could!  Why don't you get up now and go take a walk?  You won't regret it, I promise!", "Maybe I will. I'll take my dog with me too so I'm not alone. I really need to get out of this house, sometimes I just feel like all these walls are closing in around me. Thanks, sometimes I just need an extra push."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a neighbor named John. I enjoy helping others.", "I love hiking near the ocean.", "I like watching horror movies. i have a girlfriend. She is very social and likable.", "I haven't voted in a long time. I wish economic benefits were distributed more equally."], "partner_persona": ["I live near the beach. I work as a lifeguard.", "I like watching horror movies. I get scared during horror movies. I watched the movie Fate of alacada.", "I don't vote. I wish economic benefits were distributed more equally.", "I enjoy hiking in the mountains.", "My girlfriend is very sweet and is a wonderful surfer. I met my girlfriend when I was a lifeguard and I saved her after she hit her head while surfing."], "current_conv": ["I have considered becoming a forest ranger which is sort of like a lifeguard for the woods!", "That's great. It will be a good job for you since you like hiking and helping others. Do you think the job will earn you enough money?", "I hope so, because the more I learn about the job, the more I think that it would be ideal for me. My girlfriend isn't thrilled about the idea, but she's more focused on money than I am", "I hope that you are able to follow your passion to become a forest ranger. Part of the reason why I got this job is I like to help people. Also, it keeps me on my toes, feeling like I'm doing something important. I also considered becoming a police officer before.", "I would think that being a lifeguard would be 99% of the time kind of relaxing and 1% of the time absolutely terrifying, just like being a cop. lol! It would be tough to be a police officer these days, anyway. ", "I decided against becoming a police officer because of the danger involved. Being a lifeguard isn't boring at all for me. Because I constantly have to be on the lookout for signs of distress and danger, I've learned to appreciate so much of my surroundings while being at my job", "I'm sure that you have. It's a big responsibility as you're basically responsible for the safety of everyone on the beach. How does your schedule work? Do you work regular Monday through Friday hours or do you work a different schedule?", "Regular Monday through Friday. I'm sure your girlfriend will approve of you being a forest ranger because she likes hiking. Have you ever seen a horror movie with horror scenes in the forest? Do you think there'd be scenarios that'd be really scary to confront as a forest ranger?", "I saw an old movie called \"Sleepaway Camp\" a couple of nights ago where the killer went after some campers in the forest. The only thing really scary, though, was how bad the movie was. lol! I haven't really thought about forest dangers, TBH. I suppose there would be a risk of dangerous wildlife, but it seems like they're more afraid of people than people are of them.", "People sometimes ask me if I am afraid of sharks. I tell them that the fear is there all the time. I learned to cope with the fear by putting myself in the shoes of the person who needs help. If I was in their shoes, I would want someone to help.", "Yes, sharks are scary. I once flew in a helicopter near the beach with a friend of mine who is a pilot. We saw several large shadows in the water, near the beach. They were sand sharks. I guess they're always out there, but aren't hostile towards people. Just one more reason why I like to hike NEXT to the beach rather than go in the water. lol!", "What is your job now? If you can't become a forest ranger for whatever reason, what else would you want to do? If I ever lose my lifeguard job, I would try to become a firefighter."], "history_conv": [["I love my neighbors! For example, I could call my neighbor john at 3 a.m..", "That's unusual. I wouldn't want to receive a call from my neighbor at 3am lol.", "I know! Everyone's warm and friendly here. I enjoy helping others whenever I can.", "Sounds like a cool place to live. I'm near the beach. Work as a lifeguard.", "Cool. I love hiking near the ocean..", "Yea it's the best. My favorite pastime is watching horror movies with my girl.", "Me too. She grabs me when she's scared. (my girlfriend, not yours!).", "My girl is tough. If she grabbed me scared like that she'd get karate chopped.", "You sound pretty tough yourself! Do you vote?", "Nah, don't vote. And not that tough. I'm the scaredy cat during horror movies.", "Lol! Haven't voted forever, but I wish economic benefits were distributed more equally.", "That would be nice, indeed.", "I enjoyed talking to you!", "Me too, peace out my brother."], ["What horror movies have you seen lately?", "Fate of alacada. very deary movie with a lot of bloody risky scen", "Very cool! Did you go to a movie theater to see it or watch it at home?", "I watch it at home with my girlfriend she also loves horror movies", "Haha yeah, I remember you mentioning that. Do you guys watch movies together often?", "Yeah we do that what brings much bond for us", "Awesome do you have a strong bond?", "Yeah we do things together and that makes me want her more", "Do you think you guys will get married someday? I hope one day my girlfriend and I will get married!", "oh thats sweet. same here I hope she doesnt break my heart I so much love her", "Me too! Have you been together a long time?", "Thats good what keeps you guyz together"], ["Have you gone any hikes recently?", "I took a short trip to the mountains last week and hiked up a trail.  Nothing to ambitious though. How about yourself?", "at least you got out in the fresh air, that is what's important! i haven't yet. i am going to plan something soon though, i think. would you want to join me, maybe do a picnic and a hike? make a day of it?", "Sure! Why don't we bring our girlfriends? I think my girlfriend would enjoy it at any rate.", "that is a good idea! mine loves hiking as well and she is pretty social and gets along with most people. what about your girlfriend, what is she like?", "She enjoys hiking as well, but doesn't like to do anything too strenuous because she's not as experienced at it.  She prefers surfing!  She's pretty sweet though, and most people can't help but liker her.  I think she'll get along great with your girl!", "it is so nice to find other couples to do things with. as much as i love hanging out with her, it's enjoyable to get out with others now and then! surfing, huh? that is pretty cool. did she grow up in california or hawaii?", "She grew up in california. That's how I met her actually.  I was on duty and she was surfing and hit her head on the board, and I had to go out and save her.  I agree, it's nice to find another couple to hang out with!", "i am so glad she was ok! but that is kind of a romantic story, surely one that you guys will never forget and can hopefully tell your kids one day. she's lucky you have such great skills.", "We were both lucky I was on duty that day.  Not only because I was able to save her, but because I was the one that got to meet her!  But yeah, it's a nice story.  I hope we'll be remembering it for a long time!", "it is good that you both feel lucky to have found each other. so funny how the world works sometimes. and i am surprised that she is still brave enough to keep surfing! i guess that makes sense since she also likes horror movies. all around tough girl", "Yes, she doesn't give up very easy on anything.  She always is looking for a challenge.  She's a good match for me!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I did job in high school.", "I live in an apartment with my grandparents. I want my own apartment. I'm looking for an apartment.", "I spend most of my time at work and school. I work part time at a pizza shop. I also go to school.", "I work at a local mom and pop pizza shop. Sometimes I get sick of eating Italian food.", "At the Italian pizza shop where I work, I love a few of the dishes.", "I do different things where I work.", "I live in Paris, I'm married to my wife and I have 2 kids.", "I work at a pizza place and I am a student mechanical engineer."], "partner_persona": ["My parents want me to stay on honor roll.", "My mom is a homemaker. She's always home.", "I listen to music when I'm at home.", "I want my own apartment. I want alone time.", "I work at a local supermarket. The pay is poor. I don't get a lot of hours at work. I bag groceries where I work.", "I will leave college soon. I don't have much working experience."], "current_conv": ["I've finally managed to find a new apartment!", "That's fabulous! Will it be convenient for you to get to work and school?", "Yeah, it's super close to everything and it's downtown so there's some nightlife around. I am really excited. It's super cute and just what I need.", "You deserve it, I'm so happy for you. So, when you're tired of Italian food, what type of food do you prefer to eat?", "Thanks! I love Mexican food. I just can't get enough tacos. I am addicted. Do you enjoy tacos?", "Oh, yes...I love any and all Mexican food, I really enjoy cooking it as well! I really like albondigas soup, have you ever had it?", "No I haven't. I'd love to catch-up before I move and become busy for a while.", "When is your move in date? I'm getting busy myself, getting ready to leave for college soon and all. I'm kind of feeling overwhelmed by it suddenly.", "3 weeks is when I start moving. Hopefully we can see each other by then. It might be good to get out for a bit.", "Definitely, we should listen to some music together! And, if you need help moving, let me know.", "THat's very nice of you! Sounds like a plan... many hands make light work...", "Hey, you can pay me off in pizza anyday! lol Just kidding."], "history_conv": [["Hey there. Are you an nfl fan?", "Hi. Well, sort of. I like sports.", "Do you have a favorite nfl team? My favorite is the dallas cowboys.", "Well, I guess the ny jets. But I'm more into track.", "I tried to do track in high school, but failed. I play football in college now.", "I'm still in high school. College soon!", "Got a job? I did in high school. But now I work at a pizza shop.", "No. My parents want me to stay on honor roll..", "My grandparents are the same. I live in an apartment with them. It's tough!", "I bet. My mom is a homemaker so she's always home!", "I know that feeling! Luckily I spend most of my time at work and school.", "Me too. Or I listen to music when I'm home.."], ["Oh, I just dream, that one day I will move in my personal apartment!", "I know what you mean. I never have any alone time. What will we do when we have freedom?", "Tell me about it. I'm pulling in money from my job at the pizza shop, but I can only work part-time because of school so it's tough to save money.", "Do you work in a chain pizza shop or a mom and pop?", "I work at a local mom and pop shop owned by authentic Italians. The food is so good there, but I sometimes get sick of it from eating it every day. Are you working?", "I work at a local supermarket, but the pay is not good and I don't get a lot of hours. I bet you do get sick of pizza! What's your best dish?", "Hey, at least it's something. We all have to start somewhere. And, with you only working part-time, you can focus on school and hopefully make the honor roll and please your mother. I love the chicken parmesan subs, the chicken francese, spaghetti with meatballs, and Italian subs.", "That all sounds so good! Do you do the cooking or are you a server?", "I do different things like answering the phone, taking orders, making pizza boxes, and sometimes being a server. What do you do at the supermarket?", "I'm a bagger. Exciting right! At least you are getting experience doing a lot of different things.", "That sounds like it could be soul-crushing. On a more positive note, though, I've been discovering some really sweet tunes on YouTube lately. I think you would like some of the stuff.", "What have you been listening to?"], ["The people where I work, sent home dinner for me and my grandparents. I guess they really want me to keep working there.", "Oh, really? Aren't you all tired of eating Italian food? You must be a great worker if they are trying to keep you around!", "Hello, I live in Paris. Currently married with lovely wife and 2 kids. I am an engineer.", "That is really cool! How long have you been an engineer, and what kind of engineer are you?", "I am student mechanical engineer while still working at pizza place.", "That sounds really exhausting! I hope you are able to make time to relax and enjoy yourself sometimes.", "It does get exhausting. I cannot wait to be done with school and start a new job. How is your work? Getting more hours now?", "I have asked for more hours, but I cannot seem to get the hours I need. I have just been saving up and focusing on school. I guess that is most important since I will be leaving for college soon. Can't wait! Have you had any luck with finding an apartment?", "That must be annoying as you need money for college. Maybe look for a new job? No, I am still looking for apartment but they are so expensive so I need to save a bit more.", "Right! Also, yes, I have definitely considered getting a new job. Since I don't have much experience, it might be tough. Apartments are super expensive! Do you think your grandparents would help out at all?", "You should talk to managers in person and they can consider hiring you even with less experience. I have never asked my grandparents for help. They would definitely help but I don't want to bother them", "That's a great idea! Thanks for that advice. I am going to act on that and see what becomes of it. You are so independent! That is very thoughtful and considerate of you. I am sure they feel very lucky to have you around. You had mentioned previously that you were listening to some good music lately. Any suggestions?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite animal is a horse.", "I have no children. I have a father.", "I like fruit. Mangos are my favorite fruit.", "My ancestors were civil war generals.", "I never learned how to play any instruments. I would like to play the piano. I would like to find a piano teacher.", "Sometimes I play soccer.", "I love to get out of the house."], "partner_persona": ["I have 3 children. I am a librarian. I like animals.", "I have a father. I travel to work via water taxi every day.", "I have an orchard. I like fruit. My favorite fruit is bananas.", "My name is German. My name means \"grown up\".", "I have been playing the flute since middle school.  I play in a local community orchestra.  Besides the flute, I would like to learn how to play the cello. I'd like to have more time to practice my musical instrument.", "I have 2 sons who love to play football and a daughter who loves to swim.", "We have to take a water taxi to get anywhere.", "I'm thinking of sending my kids to sports camps this summer.", "I live on an island. My kids help around the.", "I have a garden. I grow pears. I grow apples, cherries and strawberries."], "current_conv": ["I looked up the schedule for the water taxi over to yours. I'd like to head over tomorrow at 2 to get some of those strawberries.", "Sure! I'll have to clean some house before you come (the kids made a mess after they got back in from swimming) but you're certainly welcome to grab some! Would you like any pears or cherries?", "I don't judge, so you can leave the house as it is if you want! I don't like cherries but I think i would like to get some pears from your orchard as well. ", "Of course! We'd be obliged to pick you some! I'll send the boys to gather some for you! Did you do any surfing today?", "No I did not. The weather was bad here, so I stayed home and did some search. I finally found a piano teacher.", "That's awesome! I'd love to hear you play after you're comfortable on the piano!", "Of course! Speaking of musical instrument, why do you want to learn how to play the cello?", "I love the deeper tone of the cello as compared to violins. I just think it would be nice to pick up and write more soothing music with!", "That makes sense, I'd love to play other musical instruments after I master piano and that's going to take a few years probably. We can play together after that!", "By all means! It's always much more fun when you have someone to play along with you. Gives the music more depth!", "Do you boys know how to play any instruments?", "They don't. I've tried and tried to get them interested, but they just want to focus on sports. I wish I could sway them, I think that music literacy is tremendously helpful for academic growth!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, my favorite animal is horse. Do you like animals?", "Hello. I have three kids, and am a librarian, of course I like animals.", "I have no kids. I do have a grumpy father.", "I have one of those as well, I take a water taxi to work each day.", "That sounds cool! You are busy. Do you like fruit?", "I do! I have an orchard on my property, what are your favorites?", "I love any fruit. Mango is my favorite.", "I have not had one of those in a very long time. My favorite is banana.", "I come from a long blood line of civil war general, so I'm told.", "Interesting! My name in german, means grown up.", "Odd name when you are a child?.", "Do you play instruments? I play the flute."], ["When did you start playing the flute?", "I was in middle school when I started playing. I play in a local community orchestra!", "That's so cool! I wish I could play instruments but I never learned!", "If you could learn an instrument starting today, which would you choose?", "I wish I could play piano! It seems like a very cool instrument! Do you play any other instruments?", "I only have time for flute. The kids keep my hands full! If I could take up another instrument, it would probably be cello.", "That's a cool instrument too! Have you taught your kids how to play flute?", "No, when they're not busy annoying me, they prefer sports and such. They must get it from their father!", "Haha! That's awesome! What sports do they play? I sometimes play soccer!", "The two boys are into football, and my little girl loves to swim.", "Good for them! I wish I had more time for sports! You must be busy taking them to practices!", "It's a lot, especially given that we have to take the water taxi every time we want to go somewhere! That said, I'll do anything for my kids."], ["How are your kids doing?", "All three are doing well, thanks for asking!  We're looking into sports camps for them for the summer.", "That sounds fun!  Would it be like a day to day thing or do they stay away from home when they go to camp?", "I'd love to find a day-to-day camp, but it would be tough to get there and back every day since we have to go over the water to get to the mainland.  I think it would be better to find a sleepaway camp for them.  Although I'd lose their help working in the orchard, haha.", "I didn't even think about those aspects, I was just thinking if it's a sleepaway one, that would give you a nice little break.", "Well I'd definitely have more time to practice.  Have you found a piano teacher yet?", "I haven't really begun the search for one yet, honestly.  Do you know of anyone in the area?", "I'll ask the people in my orchestra, they may be able to recommend somebody close to you.  Our pianist does take a few students but you'd have to take the taxi over to the island - she doesn't like to travel far.", "Thanks, I appreciate it!  That would be no problem, I can't say I blame her, as much as I love getting out of the house sometimes traveling is a hassle", "I guess I'm used to it since I do it every day, haha.  If you do hire her as a teacher, you can come stop by the garden and take home some fresh fruit.  We should have some pears ready soon.", "I'd like that!  Do you grow any other fruits?", "We have some cherries which are starting to come out.  The apples won't be ready until the fall.  If you can make it over in the next few weeks, it is peak strawberry season!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I listen to punk music. I am not a musician. I like going to the movies. I like cruising.", "I work part-time at a warehouse.", "I have cruised to pizza and hamburger restaurants.", "I like Florida.", "I have six grown-up children. Some of my kids just visit with me, but don't live with me. All my kids have moved out.", "I don't have any grandchildren, but I think my youngest will be the first to have a child. My daughter once dated a guy who had never eaten a vegetable.", "I'm interested in reading new books.", "I once tried to learn the guitar as a hobby. I think learning new things gets harder with age."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to gospel music.", "I have not listened to punk music.", "I am not a musician. I like to worship.", "I do not have a job.", "I would like to live in Florida.", "All my children already moved out. I have grandchildren who I miss. I have a son and a daughter. I wish my kids would visit more often.", "I watch a female televangelist on TV.", "I like to read. I have problems with my eyes. I can't read for long periods of time.", "I tried to learn the piano when my kids moved out.", "I would like to sell antiques. I like to visit thrift stores and yard sales."], "current_conv": ["I pulled my old guitar out today and tried to remember some of the chords. I'm terrible with it but maybe you'd be interested in buying it?", "That would be awesome - I would be interested. What kind of guitar is it?", "Its an older acoustic. Its perfect for those just learning. I believe it would be right up your alley.  ", "That would be a good match, I've been looking for a basic guitar for my grandchildren when they visit. So that's perfect! Consider it sold.", "Thanks, I'll put your name on it! When are you expecting your grandchildren to visit again?", "I am hoping they visit this summer. I talked with my kids and they want to take an adult trip, so I will be watching the grandchildren for a few days. I am excited, but I hope they won't be bored.", "That sounds like a win, win situation. Oh trust me, turn them loose on the guitar and they'll have a ball. I hope you can take the noise. I'm so excited for your visit. I can't wait to have a grandchild.  ", "It's the best gift, it's almost better than kids, because when they get too much to handle, you just send them back! :)", "That's the best part, I'm sure lol. I know you mentioned your eye sight wont allow you to read much. Have you tried audio books?  ", "I have, it's just not the same. I miss the flipping of pages and how it feels in my hand. Audio books lull me right to sleep.", "Good point. I feel the same way. Its just not reading to me without it. I tried one audio book and it did the same thing to me. It just didn't keep my attention. ", "It's too bad, because I love learning that way and getting lost in a story. Watching a movie, just doesn't do it for me, you know?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there do you enjoy music and what kind?", "Hi, I usually listen to gospel music, and try to occasionally listen to what my grandchildren recommend. What about yourself? What are your hobbies?", "Oh oh way off from the punk music I like..", "Oh nice, I haven't really listened to punk music. Are you a musician?", "No, are you? I also enjoy the movies and cruising. What about you?", "No, not much of a musician. I like to read and worship god whenever I can.", "Do you work, too? I only work part time at a warehouse.", "I dont work, where have you cruised?.", "Everywhere that I can get pizza and hamburgers.", "Ha, that's great. I would love to be closer to the coastline. Somewhere warm like florida.", "Florida sounds nice right about now.", "Yeah, I'd be a lot happier there. Do you have any kids?", "Only six but they are grown.", "Wow that's a lot of kids. I have a few grandchildren of my own."], ["I cruised around to a new location the other day.", "Sounds nice! Where did you go?", "It was a burger joint. One of my kids wanted to try the place and I thought it'd be nice to spend some time with the family. I think this was my favorite one yet.", "Family time is a good thing. Is your child come to visit, or still staying with you?", "A couple of them are still staying at my place, but most of them have already moved on. It's great when they come to visit though. I really wish we could get everyone together in one place at the same time, but it's so difficult to schedule!", "True! Scheduling is hard. All my children already moved out and barely ever come. I missed my grandchildren. Do you have any grandchildren?", "No! I keep telling them I want to see some cute grandchildren before I get too old, but they all keep putting it off. I think that one of my youngest will be the first to become a parent at this rate!", "Grandchildren are really something. I used to like reading in a quiet home. My past self would never imagine that I can miss rowdy children. I hope your children can give you a grandchild soon!", "Well, I'm sure that at least one of them will sort out their drama-filled love life soon. I'd hate it if they rushed into things with some scumbag. Some of my kids have had some very questionable tastes in the past.", "Wow, what happened? I'm lucky that both my son and daughter ended up with nice people, they look happy until now.", "Oh, it would take such a long time to get into all of that. There'll be plenty of time to tell those tales. But just to give you a taste, there was one guy one of my daughters brought home who had never eaten a vegetable in his life before. Quite a strange fellow that one was.", "That surely is strange, unless if unable to eat veggies is an effect of peculiar medical condition or something."], ["Have you read anything good recently?", "I just started a new book my daughter gave me recently, it's by a female pastor I often watch on television.", "That's great! How do you like it so far?", "I like it, but I find my eyes aren't what they used to be, they get tired more quickly lately so I can't read too much at once.  I think that's why I like that she's on TV, I can close my eyes, but still get the message.", "That's a nice feeling. I'm glad you found a way to still enjoy it despite your eye problems! How is your daughter recently anyway?", "Everyone is well, I just wish they could visit more often.  It gets lonely / boring around here.  I wonder if I need a new hobby ha", "that might be the answer! i remember i tried to pick up guitar as a hobby once my kids all moved out, but i'm not much of a musician so it didn't work out", "It's tricky!  I remember trying to learn piano around the same time.  It's really something I feel it helps if you learn when you are young.  Like the \"can't teach an old dog new tricks\" saying", "exactly! but maybe you could try finding one of your own? any ideas?", "I would like to look into selling antiques / collectibles.  Occasionally I like to go to thrift stores / yard sales, and you can find some real treasures.  I think I'm just hesitant because the whole selling online seems a bit overwhelming to me, I'm not very tech savvy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have 2 brothers. I am single.", "I like snakes.", "I have not been scuba diving but would like to. I live in the city.", "My family lives in the burbs.", "I have thought about getting a dog. I live in an apartment. I want to own a home in the future.", "I love big dogs but would rather have a small one. I like pugs. I'm unsure what kind of dog I want.", "I would prefer to get a rescue dog. I have never adopted a dog before."], "partner_persona": ["I am recently divorced.", "I like snakes. I like pugs.", "I am a vet. I was a marine.", "I've been to Maui three times. I like scuba diving.", "I live in the burbs.", "I have a chocolate lab named Wylie. I've had my dog for three years. I adopted my dog when he was a puppy.", "I have an appointment at the vet's office today for my dog, Wylie.", "I like to go to the ice cream stand. I take my dog to the ice cream stand and get him a treat.", "I like rescued pets. I have adopted a dog."], "current_conv": ["Since Wylie's only three, do you think he may have eaten something that's not setting right with him?", "It's possible, but I watch him really carefully. I'm just super worried - he's my baby...", "I can't blame you! Dogs are essentially little furry humans, just without the negative aspects that humanity often has.", "Exactly. I never wanted kids because I am such a dog/animal person. Have you started going to rescues to look at dogs yet? It's a slippery slope for me because I want to save ALL the dogs.", "I looked up a few shelters and planned to take the kids with me to pick one after we get some errands done today. I wanted to at least get all of the essentials first so that if they do a home visit before we adopt they'll know we're serious about this.", "That's smart. It's good to get those things ahead of time. Are your kids interested in take care the dogs?", "They are, but I think they'll need a little help starting out to understand how to properly train and take care of the dog. I'm not worried, though, I'm sure they'll pick up pretty well on it. They're pretty responsible. ", "That's great! I'm excited for you guys! It's such a big deal to rescue/adopt! It's a good thing for kids to learn.", "Thanks! Do you have any recommendations for when we go to look at the dogs? I had only ever adopted from families in the past, and I know some dogs have a little trouble adjusting when they're in a shelter, so I just want to be aware of what to look out for and how to help it.", "Just spend a lot of time with him at the shelter. I find building that bond is the best way to figure out if it's a good fit for everything. You'll be able to tell pretty quickly. ", "That's a great tip! I hadn't even thought about that, thanks!", "Any time! The bond is crucial, everything else can be trained."], "history_conv": [["Hey.", "Hi! Are you married? My wife and I just divorced.", "No I have 2 brothers but no other men around haha.", "Wife thought I was crazy. I like snakes.", "Naw I like snakes. My dad farms.im counrty.", "Cool! I'm a vet. I was a marine. Loved hawaii.", "Nice I drove 2000 miles to see my fav band.am I crazy?", "No you're not. I've been to maui three times. Doesn't compare, does it?", "Oops 1000 but still haha.", "Still a lot! I enjoy scuba diving. Do you dive?", "I dont but would love too. I moved to city now.", "I live in the burbs. Kind of quiet here.", "I enjoy that too my fam lives there.", "My pooch wylie keeps me company. Snakes can't cuddle."], ["How long have you had your dog Wylie?", "I've had Wylie for about three years! He's a wonderful buddy.", "That's awesome! Did you adopt him?", "Yes, he was just a puppy, though. Have you thought about getting a dog?", "I have, but I live in an apartment and would want to get a place with a backyard before getting a dog!", "That's a good idea. Dogs really need a ton of exercise. It's amazing how many clients come in asking why their dogs are miserable, not realizing that this is what happens when a dog sits around all day.", "Aw yes! What kind of dog do you have!", "He's a big chocolate lab! He acts like a seal haha.", "That's so cute! You're making me want to get a dog!", "It's a great goal to have! Are you close to being able to buy your own house, or is that further on the horizon?", "Further for sure! I want to make sure I save up enough to buy my dream home before making any big purchases! I am so excited to be a homeowner one day!", "It's a big commitment. What do you do for a living?"], ["Did Wylie do anything funny today?", "Actually he's feeling a little under the weather today so he hasnt been as active as usual.  We have a vet appointment later today.", "Oh no, that's too bad. Hopefully he's okay. What are his symptoms?", "He's a bit lethargic and dragging himself around.  Im not really sure what it could be.", "hm, hopefully the vet can figure it out and it's nothing too serious. once he's back to his old self you should make him a doggy cake!", "Maybe I will!  He loves treats!  Whenever we go to the ice cream stand we always get him a \"pup cup\", he loves it so much.  What kind of dog would you get?", "Ha, i didn't know pup cups were a thing. I was thinking a small dog would be best for me, although I love big dogs too, i just don't have the time to exercise it properly. Maybe a pug? I'm not sure yet", "Aww pugs make great pets!  My neighbor has two pugs and they are precious.  Do you think you will rescue a dog from the shelter or get one from a breeder?", "I would prefer a rescue! it always makes the relationship extra special knowing you were able to give a dog a home after it has been abandoned", "Yes, I agree.  There are so many dogs at the shelter that need love and a good home. Im sure you will be happy with whatever dog you decide on.", "any tips for bringing a new adopted dog home? i'm sure it's quite stressful for the dogs so i'd want to make them as comfortable as possible", "Have all your supplies ready to go and make sure you set apart a lot of time to spend with your new dog over the first couple of weeks so you can bond!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have five grandchildren.", "I love the beach.", "I love fall. I love Mediterranean food. I love music.", "I like Styx and Journey.", "I am taking my grandchildren to the beach, park and out for ice cream. It's been a few months since I last saw my grandchildren.", "I plan to take my grandkids to the beach this weekend. I want to learn to surf.", "I like ice cream.  Mint chocolate chip is my favorite flavor ice cream. I like waffle cones.", "I like to go bowling. I like to go to the movies.", "I'm sick of super hero movies. I don't think I'd like the new 101 Dalmatians movie."], "partner_persona": ["I surf. My dad owns a surf shop.", "I grew up on a beach. I love the beach.I've done a little bit of surfing.", "I love music. I play drums in a band. I write lyrics.", "I don't sing in my band.", "I love ice cream. Mint chocolate chip is my favorite flavor ice cream.I like waffle cones.", "I don't like the direction Disney is going with the new 101 Dalmatians movie. I think the Marvel franchise has over saturated the market."], "current_conv": ["I saw the weather reports on the news for this weekend. It's supposed to be bright and sunny so make sure you bring some sunscreen and your surf board!", "Will do! Which beach should we go to this weekend?", "I'd prefer to go to a beach without many tourists. The emptier the better really. Do you know of any like that?", "Yeah there's one about a mile from my house, we could meet there. There's also a good ice cream shop at that beach.", "Oh, that sounds amazing! Do you know if they have mint chocolate chip flavor there? ", "They do have that flavor, and they make a fresh batch every day. It's so good!", "I can't wait! Although I am trying to branch out a bit with ice cream flavors. Do they have anything else good?", "Last time I went they had 55 different flavors of both ice cream and gelato. Do you like gelato?", "Wow, that's even too many flavors to choose from! Of course I do. I love all Italian cuisine actually. What about you?", "Mediterranean food is my favorite! I know a great place we can go for dinner after our surf session this weekend.", "That'd be great. Do they have good seafood there? That's what I've been craving recently.", "They do! They always have a fresh catch of the day."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you today!?", "Just finished catching a wave. My dad owns a surf shop. Sup?", "Oh wow that is awesome. Im a little jealous lol im babysitting my 5 grandchildren.", "Oh sounds busy. I grew up on a beach. It's very laid back. You?", "I actually love the beach. Alot. But havent been in a while.", "Too bad. You should go. What interests do you have?", "I love fall.. I love mediterranean food! Grandkids obviously.. And music!!", "Awesome. Me too. I rock the drums in my band. Also write lyrics..", "Wow thats awesome. I love bands like styx and journey, like honestly. Hbu?", "Nice. They rock. In my band I don't sing though. Just love the bears.", "What is the bears? Your band name? Or the animal? Lol.", "Oops. I meant beats haha my bad.", "Oh my gosh lol I was gonna say!! What is your bands name?", "It's this has been a good convo. Nice to know you :)."], ["My grandchildren are spending the night with me tonight.", "That must be exciting! Do you have enough room for all five grandchildren?", "We are going to pile into the living room together, fort style!", "That should be fun for you and the kids! Do you have anything else planned with them for the weekend?", "We are going to hit the beach, the park and - of course - the ice cream shoppe!", "That's great! You know I love the beach. If you want to try surfing with the kids, you should definitely try my dad's shop!", "Great idea! I will tell him that you sent me!", "Awesome! Make sure the weather is nice and you will all have a great time. When did you see the kids last?", "It has been a few months. I have missing them like crazy!", "That's too bad, I could never go that long without seeing my loved ones. Why did it take so long?", "They have been busy with school and sports. I take any time they can give me!", "I understand that. Have you been able to go to the beach lately with how the weather has been?"], ["Would you like to come with me and the grandchildren to the beach this weekend? We could go out for ice cream later and if you wanted, maybe you could teach me a trick or too about staying on a surf board! I know that the kids would love to learn to!", "I would say heck yes to that. I have been known to surf a little", "I've made attempts, but they never end well ha!  Do you like ice cream?", "I love ice cream. I'm a mint chocolate chip purist, but i've been known to dabble in other flavors", "That's my favorite too!  I love to get it in a waffle cone", "Absolutely. So yeeh I would say surf and ice cream afterwards would be a great way to spend the weekend", "I haven't checked the weather, I'm hoping it's warm and sunny!  Also, because I didn't think of any back up ideas if it's raining and we're stuck being inside somewhere instead.", "Well ice cream goes with any weather so 1 out of 2 ain't bad", "I like the way you think!  I haven't been bowling in awhile.  Or maybe a movie.  Have you heard of any good movies out recently?", "I have not. Disney is trying to turn Cruella Deville into an antihero to make money so that's something playing in theatres now. Kind of hard to turn someone who wanted to skin puppies for fashion reasons into a likeable character, but you know...money", "I keep seeing trailers for that, and that's exactly what I was thinking!  Where's the 101 Dalmations I remember??  I'm pretty sick of super hero movies, which unfortunately doesn't usually leave a lot of options anymore", "Yeah...if you don't like the movies marvel makes then you have been pretty much out of luck the past 12 years"]]}
{"your_persona": ["You can get good iced tea in my city.", "I like unsweetened iced tea because it is refreshing.", "I drive a Mini Cooper.", "I have a cat and she just had a kitten. I'm planning to keep the kitten.  I took my cat and kitten for a ride in my car yesterday when I went to get iced tea.", "I don't take my cats on trips.", "I've never been to San Diego. I would like to go to San Diego.", "Iced tea is my favorite beverage. Other than tea, I only drink water.", "I want to take a trip soon. I prefer to fly instead of drive on long trips."], "partner_persona": ["I am from Mexico. My hometown is Mexico City. I like food from Mexico City. I live in Mexico.", "I recently purchased a new Subaru Legacy that I love.  I'm planning a road trip to San Diego soon. I have never been to San Diego before.", "I love dogs. I don't own any dogs but I would like to get one after my kids grow up and go to college. I am not a cat person but I think kittens are adorable.", "I have 2 kids.", "I love to drink water. I want to get my kids to drink more water. I have never tried flavoring for water."], "current_conv": ["Living in the most populated city in North America, do you have a hard time finding parking places for your new Subaru?", "Oh, we're not living here, we just wanted to make a trip out and see it. The parking is a bit difficult with my Subaru, however.", "How was the drive up? Did you bring your kids or are you flying solo? I hear the beaches are beautiful there.", "The drive was long, but the scenery was gorgeous! Took a lot longer to make the trip up than I was hoping just because with the kids I had to make more stops to stretch our legs, feed them, and give them a little time to burn off some energy. I think I always took for granted the luxury of traveling sans kids in the past, but honestly I don't mind the company! How's it going for you?", "Sounds like a good enough trip! If you got all the way to San Diego with no choruses of \"are we there yet\" then you were golden, haha. I'm good. Just hanging out with my cat and the wee one. I'm trying to figure out what to name her.", "For a moment I almost laughed out loud because I thought you were pondering what to name your child! Lol, it took me a moment to realize you were talking about the CAT's wee one! What does the kitten look like?", "Bahaha! Hilarious. She's an orange and white striped, just like her mama. Tabby cat. My cat's name is Ginger. I'm thinking about calling the wee one Marmalade or something like that.", "Little lady marmalade! Haha! She sounds adorable! ", "She's definitely a cutie. I wasn't sure about having another cat but as I've gotten to know her, I've gotten too attached to let her go to someone else!", "Aww! Might as well keep her, then! After all, there's no such thing as too many cats! Trust the future crazy cat lady, here!", "Hey, I thought you weren't much of a cat person! I guess my Marmalade and Ginger are changing your mind, eh?", "I'm really not, but every time the kids bring home another stray I can't tell them no, and I know when they're all grown and move out most of these cats they keep conning me into adopting are going to be left in my care!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how's it going?", "Hey, I'm great!", "Cool. Well it's nice to meet you. Where are you from?", "I am from mexico. My favorite food is from my hometown of mexico city.", "That's cool. I am from the city where you can get awesome ice teas at.", "What is your favorite flavor of iced tea?", "Unsweeted iced tea. I like how refreshing it is.", "I just recently purchased a new subaru legacy and I love it. What car do you drive?", "I drive a mini cooper, they are so sporty which I love.", "I love mini coopers. I think that they are produced by bmw now.", "I think so, I drove it to the hair salon today actually..", "Do you have any pets? I love dogs.", "Yes I have a cat actually. She just had a kitten.", "Congrats! You are a new parent now."], ["How are you enjoying your new car? Have you made any road trips?", "I love my new car! I'm taking it on a road trip to San Diego in California soon!", "That should be a nice drive and a great city to visit. You have so much more room in your Subaru than my Mini.", "Yes! It is quite roomy! I have two kids and it is nice to have the extra space for backpacks and toys!", "Do you have dogs that you are planning to take as well?", "I don't, I wish I did though! Maybe one day when my kids are out of the house and in college! Do you still have your cat's kitten!", "I do! I won't be able to give it up since the mom only had one. They are so cute together. I can easily fit them in the back of my car. I took them for a trip to get some iced tea yesterday!", "Aw!! That's so cute! I'm not much of a cat person but kittens are undeniably adorable!", "They are very sweet. Are there many cats in Mexico?", "Haha yes! We have lots of animals. What country do you live in?", "I live on the Moon! The scenery is great but it's quite cold. Very little traffic though.", "The moon? How does that work?"], ["So when are you planning to take of for your trip to San Diego?  Are you traveling alone?", "I am not. My kids are coming with me! Wish me luck! Have you ever traveled long distance with your cats?", "I have not actually. I usually leave them with a friend while I go on trips.", "Oh okay. Have you ever been to San Diego? It is my first trip there. I am excited!", "I have not been to San Diego, but I have always wanted to go. You will have to tell me all about it.", "I will. I will be on the lookout for the best iced tea! Haha.", "You know it is one of my favorites to drink. besides tea I only really drink water", "I love water, too. I wish I could get my kids to drink more water.", "Have you tried using flavored packets, so that they will drink more.", "I have not. Maybe I will try that. When do you think you will take another trip? Do you find it hard in your mini cooper or do you prefer to fly?", "I prefer to fly instead of driving. Im hoping that I can go on another trip soon", "Let me know if you come to Mexico City. I will give you all of the recommendations for the best food."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I went to public school. My dad was the headmaster at the public highschool that I went to. I have older siblings. My sibling is planning a trip to new York. I have an older sister.", "Neither myself or my family have ever been to New York before.", "I'm moving to Chicago. I like football. I plan to get season tickets to the Bears games. I love Chicago bears.", "I like deep dish pizza.", "I like to go to museums."], "partner_persona": ["I have recently moved  to new york, I have never been to Chicago before.", "I went to public high school. I have two older brothers.", "My father was a farmer, he was not strict.", "I grew up on a farm. I prefer the city to the country. I have brothers who live on a farm. I like to take walks.", "I am familiar with restaurants in New York. I enjoy sushi. I have been to the Central Park zoo. I've been to St John the Unfinished in New York.", "I've never tried sushi. I don't think raw fish is appealing.", "I would like to visit Chicago and try out a famous restaurant. I would enjoy going to a Bears game.", "I like the architecture in New York. I want to go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NY."], "current_conv": ["I got a call today from the moving company to confirm my appointment tomorrow! I'm going to miss this place but am very excited.", "That is great! Have you found somewhere to live in Chicago?", "I have! Its downtown, walkable to the bears stadium. I cannot WAIT! I move in 1 month so let me know when you're ready for a visit.", "You are going to love it. I have friends that live in Chicago and they have nothing but good things to say. I really hope I can make the time to come visit you!", "Absolutely, if you make it by fall we can catch a game and any restaurant you'd like. I'd be curious to see how you like Chicago pizza vs. New York's.", "Now that you say that, I am curious too! I am already looking forward to a visit! So how is your family doing? Are they excited for your move?", "They are definitely excited that they now have somewhere new to visit! I think my dad is taking the move the worst, I know we'll miss each other a lot.  How did your family take your move?", "There were definitely tears involved! My mom took it the hardest but I think both of my parents know that New York was a great move for me.", "Do you feel settled in? My sister was wondering if you had any good recommendations while she's there?", "I feel settled in for the most part. I am still learning my way around and which restaurants/cafes are best to visit. Does your sister want a true New Yorker experience or is she looking to do more tourist type activities?", "I'd say she is looking for a tourist experience.", "Okay, then I can definitely show her around, if she is interested in having me tag along? Otherwise I can send you some recommendations."], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you? I am getting ready to move.", "I'm great thanks! Moving is tough. I recently moved.", "Where did you move? Chicago? I love the bears.", "Moved to new york. I've never been to chicago. I'm assuming there are lots of bears.", "Did you go to a public high school? Mine was very strict cause my dad.", "Yeah I went to a public highschool with my two older brothers. Mine wasn't strict.", "My dad was the headmaster of mine. It was tough my siblings are older too.", "That's rough. My dad was a farmer. He's not strict at all.", "Did you grow up on a far?", "Yes I grew up on a farm and I moved to the city.", "Do you like the city or the country more?", "I like the city more but sometimes I miss the countryside."], ["one of my older siblings said they will be visiting new york soon", "Oh, nice. I'd be excited to meet up. When are they going to be coming in?", "I think next month. Do you have any recommendations of good places to visit while there?", "Definitely, but it depends on where they're staying. Do you know if they're going to be in Manhattan or Brooklyn?", "Manhattan, I believe their hotel is right near Times Square. They are really excited to go shopping.", "It is very, very touristy up there, but they can head either uptown or to the lower east side or Soho for some good places. I can recommend some good restaurants in Hell's Kitchen or further uptown. What kind of food are they interested in?", "Do you know of any good sushi restaurants? Also, besides food, where are some other cool places to go?", "Oh, I can put together a list of some great options for sushi. Given where they're staying, if they want a great view, they can do Top of the Rock. It's the roofdeck of 30 Rockefeller Plaza. They will also be close enough to walk to Central Park. There is a ton to see in there. Do they have any interest in the zoo?", "Hmmm the zoo could be cool! All that my family really knows of New York City is what we have seen in the movies, so we will take any and all of your suggestions! So obviously the typical touristy things, but also some lesser known attractions would be interesting as well.", "Well, seeing central park is a great time. The zoo there is small, but well kept. There's also the Bronx Zoo, which is completely enormous. Going up to St. John the Unfinished is really interesting too. Then there are fun things like the Brooklyn Flea or walking over some of the bridges to get a sense of the city. Are they interested in pizza?", "Wow, thanks for all the tips. Pizza? Always! Tell me more... What is St. John the Unfinished?", "I have so much info to share on NYC pizza. St John is this crazy, enormous cathedral uptown that never got finished. It has a totally bizarre history to it. It is 100% worth seeing and is free to enter. It's really impressive."], ["My older sibling booked a table for the sushi restaurant in New York that you recommended.  She can't wair.", "I've never tried sushi. It doesn't sound appealing to me at all, but I admire people who try different things! Where are you moving to?", "I'm finally moving to Chicago. My plan is to get season tickets to the Bears and spend most of my time at Soldier Field when I can! I hope you can come visit me sometime. What do you think you'd like to see in Chicago?", "Season tickets sound just perfect for you! I would love to visit and would definitely enjoy watching a game with you--and maybe eat at an authentic Chicago restaurant, maybe somewhere that's been on television!", "Yes! There's always Lou Malnati's, famous for their deep dish pizza.  Some people from Chicago say its not the kind of pizza they usually eat and is considered a tourist food, but it sure is delicious!!", "Sounds awesome. I've always heard about Chicago's famous pizzas.Oh--I know! I'll buy you season tickets for your first year as a moving/house warming gift!", "What?! You are AMAZING! That is so generous. Well that extra seat is yours whenever you come visit.  Unlimited pizza is on me! Do you think we could get your brothers off the farm for a visit?", "My brothers would really enjoy that. I'll let them know. Do you think we could find time to stroll along the Navy Pier when I come? It looks like so much fun.", "Absolutely! We can find some museums as well - it'll be a great time!", "I'm really looking forward to it! When is your sibling coming to New York? Is it business or pleasure because they are welcome to stay with me if they'd like. I have plenty of room and can show off my new 'home town'!", "They would love that! They're going just for pleasure, to see all the usual touristy places of course. Do you reccomend the Central Park Zoo? I know you've been, but don't remember if you enjoyed it or not.", "I LOVED THE ZOO!! It's so huge compared to what I'm used to. They take such good care of their animals and there are so many beatiful garden areas. I still haven't been to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Maybe that's something we can do together, along with the standards (Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty). Give them my number so we can get planned out! This is exciting!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a student studying marketing. I received a scholarship for baseball. I like school. I'm taking Spanish and French.", "I'd like to be an ad designer.", "I love horses.", "I'm from Kentucky. My home is on the West Verginia line.", "I am strugling financially. My area has a high cost of living. I live in a rental. I eat ramen noodles.", "I visit my parents for the holidays.", "I used to ride a horse before I left for school.  My horse's name is Sparky. I will be headed home for Summer break in a couple of weeks."], "partner_persona": ["I never pass gas in public.", "I miss school.", "One of my ancestors is a civil war general.", "I love horses. I own 2 healthy horses and want more.", "I'd like to go to Kentucky someday.", "I live in Appalachia, in West Virginia. I do not live near any major cities or airports. My area is scenic and affordable. I do not live in a rental.", "I am a bad cook.", "I don't have a vehicle. I am low on funds."], "current_conv": ["How are the horses? Are they keeping the lawn mowed for you?", "They're doing their best but I still think a third horse would be a great addition. Is that too crazy?", "No, I love horses so much.  I used to ride and want to get back to riding once I get back home again.", "Horses are pretty great. That reminds me - how has Sparky been doing recently?", "My family says he misses me but I'm sure he just wants to win the Kentucky Derby", "Haha that's interesting. Do you think a horse can really understand the concept of the Kentucky Derby?", "Well I love the competition of baseball so if my horse is anything like me then yeah lol", "That makes sense. And how has baseball been going? Tough competition?", "Pretty good. We actually played in West Virginia a few weeks ago. Have you played baseball before?  ", "That sounds fun. No, I haven't. I'm not too big into sports honestly, unless eating is a sport.", "It's so cool you have a civil war relative.  Tell me more about them.", "I don't know much about him. I only heard some stories from my grandfather. Are you really into the civil war?"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I'm a student at fsu. Going for my degree in marketing.", "Well before we get started I wanna let you know.. I never pass gas in public. Sorry if thats tmi.", "Respectful! I'm in school on a baseball scholarship.", "Haha I know right! Aw man I miss school! That is awesome tho!", "I really like it. I'm also taking spanish and french.", "Well.. I am a ancestor of a civil war general do you study this in school??", "Cool. I'd like to be an ad designer when I graduate.", "That is amazing goals. Do you like horses? I am crazy about them.", "Love horses. Do you own a horse?", "I do. I own 2 at the moment. Would love more in the future.", "I'm originally from kentucky. Beautiful horse farms there.", "Wow I would love to go there some day."], ["How are your horses doing?", "My horses are doing great! They're healthy and active as ever!", "That is wonderful to hear! I would love to come by and see your horses someday. Where do you live, by the way?", "I live in West Virginia! I have to warn you that Appalachia is a bit hard to reach.", "Take me home, country roads! That is super cool. Why is is hard to reach?", "There aren't any major cities with large airports, so you can't really fly into town unless you're willing to pay up. If you are willing to drive in from a larger city, however, then you'll be fine.", "Oh, I see. I am sure it is worth the visit, though. What is your favorite thing about living in West Virginia?", "I like that it's affordable, and that the scenery isn't bad.", "Affordable is definitely KEY. The cost of living is kind of insane right now. Being a student, I can barely afford to feed myself ramen noodles after paying rent and everything else.", "Man, it must be difficult just trying to make rent every month. And I imagine living on ramen gets really old after a while.", "It definitely does. When I go home to my parents' house for the holidays, I eat everything in sight haha.", "I'd imagine I'd do the same, if I were you. Have you tried buying some discount groceries to supplement your ramen intake?"], ["Did you ride your horses today?", "Yes I did. I love watching the scenery as I ride. Have you ridden any recently?", "Being in school and away from home, I don't get much of a chance. I really miss riding and I miss being in the country.", "Ah right. How is school going? What are you learning right now? I do miss being in school. It has been a while. But I like the country vibes here.", "Its going good, but I'm sure getting tired of Ramen lol ! I'm ready for a visit home so I can get a good home cooked meal and ride my horse.", "I would also eat ramen everyday because I am bad at cooking haha. But trying not to pass gas with that diet was so difficult. When are you coming back? And what's your horses name?", "Hahaha! Yeah, Ramen has the same effect on me lol. I'll be heading home in a couple of weeks for Summer break. I can't wait to see my horse, Sparky. She's a really good horse.", "That's wonderful! Any plans at home? I hear baseball is pretty popular in Kentucky! I sure wish I could go too. Then we can ride our horses together.", "Your welcome any time. My home is on the West Virginia line so you wont have far to travel. I would really enjoy riding with you.", "Wow that is great! Sadly, I'll have to travel a bit since I do not have a vehicle. But the scenery will be worth it! We can look at cool ad designs on the way.", "Now your talking! Ad designs and horses in the same day, I wont know what to do with myself!", "I'll learn Spanish and French too, just for you! Do you mind if I stay at your place? I'm not very liquid right now!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like jello.", "I like different music than you.", "I love eating meat too but my two moms do not.", "I like listening to Charlie Parker.", "My favorite jello is cherry.", "I have a grandma. I ate at family dinners when I was younger. I'm not a good cook. My grandma taught me how to make all kinds of recipes with jello.", "I love all kinds of water sports like boating. My family has a boat. I am better at water skiing than wakeboarding because I can use both legs independently."], "partner_persona": ["I will be getting my first new car.", "My favorite artist is Charlie Parker.", "I love eating meat.", "I quit my job to pursue snowboarding. I am passionate about snowboarding. I like to keep in shape.", "I like jazz.", "I eat jello sometimes. My favorite is cherry.", "I did not spend much time with my grandparents. I had busy grandparents.", "I want to learn how to bake but don't have anyone to teach me.", "I love wakeboarding. I am interested in trying water skiing."], "current_conv": ["Taking into consideration that you would like to try water skiing, would you like to join me and my family next time when we go on our boat? I can teach you how to do it. You can take your board as well, just in case you don't enjoy the water skiing", "That's exciting, I would definitely like to join you and your family! How long have you been water skiing?", "I have been on boats my whole life. I have been water skiing for 15 years now. It's a lot of fun. I can't wait to show you!", "That's a long time, I bet you can water ski with your eyes closed! Do you have kids? ", "Yes I can lol. I have 3 kiddos. They all water ski too.", "That's great! I can't wait to meet them and maybe they can even teach me how to water ski. I am a slow learner but I swear that I can master it once I know how to all the right tricks. How old are the kids?", "I have that you will master it after a weekend on the water with my family. I got an age range of kids. My oldest is 14 and then I have a 10 year old and then the littlest is 7. ", "That's good to hear, it'd be fun to learn it in a few days and then I can go water ski by myself everyday after. I don't have kids, so I will be there to meet your whole family by myself.", "We look forward to it! I'll make my new jello recipe and my wife will make some sandwiches. We will have so much fun.", "Mmmmm, that sounds good. I'll steal the recipe from your some time so that I can make it too. I can't wait to meet your wife too. How often do you take your boat out in the summer? ", "My grandma always has the best new recipes too. My wife looks forward to meeting you as well. We take the boat out everyday. As often as we can. If we could have a house boat I'd be happy!", "Woah, that's very often! A house boat sounds fun and exciting to live in. I am thinking about living in one when I am old and retired."], "history_conv": [["Hi are you waiting for me?", "Sure am! Lol how are you today?", "Fine and eating my favorite jello today.", "Oh how nice! Im going to go buy a car today! First new car ever!", "That's really nice. You can play rock music on the radio.", "I could but my favorite artist is charlie parker.", "Okay so we have different tastes.", "Possibly. I love meat! Are you a fellow meat eater?", "Yep, but my 2 moms are not meat eaters.", "Interesting childhood! I recently quite my job at cisco to pursue snowboarding.", "Wow that's really a different way to go.", "I felt it important to follow my passions of snowboarding and charlie parker..."], ["I listened to Charlie Parker the other day and that singer is growing on me.  I also had some awesome grape jello yesterday!", "That sounds like a pretty good day! Some jazz can really brighten up anyone's day. Is grape jello your favorite flavor?", "No, my favorite is cherry but it was the only flavor I had left! Do you like jello?", "I eat it every so often, but it's not something I usually put a lot of thought into. How did you come to appreciate jello so much?", "My grandma used to make it at family dinners when I was younger! Do you have a favorite flavor?", "Now that I think about, my favorite is probably cherry too.", "Right! It's so good! I'm not a very good cook but I do know how to make jello!", "Well that's a good start I guess! Did you grandma teach you how to make it?", "Yeah she did teach me! It's become a family tradition!", "That's so sweet! I wish I had the opportunity to spend that kind of quality time with my grandparents.", "It is very nice! Why don't you have the time?", "They were always pretty busy running their grocery store and I never really got much of a chance to spend that kind of time with them before they died, unfortunately."], ["My grandma just taught me an even better cherry jello recipe than the one she taught me before.", "Nice! How did it turn out?", "Not too bad but still needs some work!", "I am sure the more you make it the better it will get. Has your grandma taught you to make anything else?", "She's taught me how to make all kinds of recipes but all of them are with jello.  So I may need to find a different teacher to learn some new recipes! Do you like to bake?", "No I don't do a lot of cooking or baking, I do want to learn though but I don't have anyone to teach me.", "Well my grandma would be happy to get you started on the jello recipes, haha! You can consider her your surrogate grandma, she would just love that. Have you been snowboarding lately?", "You're right she probably would like that. Yes, I snowboard as much as I can--but now that summer is coming up I will probably focus on a different sport to help keep me in shape for snowboarding.", "That's true, probably not much to do for snowboarding anymore! Do you wakeboard?", "Yes, that is actually the sport I am referring too, I love wakeboarding. Do you wakeboard at all?", "I love boating and all kinds of water sports.  I'm really excited to get on the family boat soon for the season but I'm better at water skiing than wakeboarding.  I like that I can use both legs independently while skiing.", "That is awesome! I want to try water skiing next."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am not currently working, I have a job interview next week. I am looking for a job as a server. I have an interview at a seafood restaurant.", "my mother is a teacher.", "I like soccer. I have no siblings.", "I love seafood. I love fish tacos and tacos in general. I like food trucks.", "I have a degree in Art History.", "I do not live near museums. I live in a rural setting."], "partner_persona": ["i am in high school.", "my parents are teachers.", "I participate in band. I enjoy marching band.", "I love English.", "I dislike seafood. Tacos are my favorite food. I visit a taco truck on highway 1.", "I will get a summer job. I am graduating this year. I am applying to college. I have applied to many colleges, most of which are in California. My top choice is UCLA.", "My GPA is above average. I scored well on my standardized tests.", "I am planning on studying to become a Pharmacist. I like science. I studied Chemistry in High School.", "I do not know much about the Art History field."], "current_conv": ["I am planning to apply for a job as an art tutor. ", "Do it! They would be lucky to have you on board!", "Yes, but I'm a little worried about the idea of having two jobs at once... What do you think?", "I think juggling multiple jobs can be taxing, but as long as you pace yourself and don't forget to take time out for self care you can manage it! Just don't wear yourself out!", "You're right. I guess it also depends whether I get hired as the server or not, too. I know you said you don't like seafood, but that restaurant actually does serve other meals as well. I checked: They do have tacos! Would you consider going at least once to try their food?", "Well I'll try anything at least once! What kind of tacos do they have?", "I remember chicken and beef... I'm sure there are a few changes that could be made to add spice or other vegetables. What kind of taco do you enjoy the most?", "I really enjoy street tacos! They're so yummy, with a little lime and cilantro to brighten up their flavor, now my mouth is watering! I need to get some lunch!", "Don't say it like that! Now you're making me hungry even though I just ate!", "If you get the job, I will most definitely make the trip out to try the tacos! Just make sure they don't try to slip in any fish! Lol!", "Alright, I'll check. If they do, I'll take it and still have you pay for it, haha.", "Don't worry! I won't skip out on my check! Haha!"], "history_conv": [["Good morning how are you?", "I am doing very well thank you. How are you?", "I am good, trying to find a job as I am currently out of the work force.", "I don't have to worry about a job yet as I'm in high school yet.", "That's good, my mother actually works at a school and is the one in charge.", "My parent both teach at a school.", "Great, do you enjoy sports?", "No, I participate in band.", "Ah, I enjoy soccer with my friends. Unfortunately I have no brothers or sisters to play with.", "I enjoy marching band and the concerts we have.", "Sounds like fun, does it take a lot of time?", "Yes, I love english and when I'm not studying I'm practicing for band."], ["I have a job interview next week.", "Awesome! What job is it for?", "It is at a local seafood restaurant to be a server. Apparently the tips would be amazing, so I am really hoping that I get it.", "Good for you, I bet you will! I don't really like seafood that much.", "Yes, fingers crossed. You don't like any seafood at all? I love it! What is your favorite type of cuisine to eat?", "Not really! My favorite food to eat is tacos! What about you?", "Tacos are so delicious. I love fish tacos! But I guess that is seafood haha. Do you have a recommendation for a good taco restaurant?", "There is a taco truck on highway 1 that I love to go to after school!", "Sometimes the best food comes from food trucks! Have you thought about getting a part time job? Maybe they are hiring at the food truck,", "I'm going to find a job this summer when I graduate school! Right now I'm too busy applying to colleges!", "Oh good for you, that is more important! What colleges have you applied to and where is your first choice?", "I've applied to a bunch! Most of them are in California where I live. My top choice is UCLA!"], ["Have you heard from any of the schools you applied to?", "I haven't received any decisions yet, but I am hopeful.  My GPA is above average and I scored well on my standardized tests.  All I can do now is wait!", "Do you know when you'll hear back from them? Also what are you planning to study?", "I think Ill be getting decisions mostly during the 3rd and 4th week of June.  I am planning on studying to become a Pharmacist.", "Wow that's a pretty useful profession. I guess you've studied some Chemistry in High School?", "Yes, I really like science and wanted to go into the medical field, but not as a doctor or nurse.  Pharmacy seems like it will suit me well.  I just hope the workload isnt too much to handle.", "It seems like a very respectable and responsible job to have. I wish I studied something like that.", "What did you study?  Do you think you will ever go back to school?", "I actually have a degree in Art History! Hence the unemployment. Regarding going back to school - I have no idea.", "Do you have any museums close by that you culd work at?", "No I live in a very rural setting, and a lot more people study art history than work in museums unfortunately. Perhaps I should cast my net wider.", "Hmm, I don't know much about that field but is there something that can be done home-based, via internet with a larger museum in a big city?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love nature.", "I love rock music.", "My mom is a nurse.", "I have never been skydiving. I think it is scary but thrilling. I am taking 5 sessions to learn how to skydive.", "I like AC/DC.", "I have no pets.  I want to get a dog.  I like to hike."], "partner_persona": ["I like to jump out of airplanes. I like to skydive. I am going skydiving in Northern Michigan soon in 2 weeks. I find it thrilling.", "I like to be in nature at high elevations.", "I have a lizard.", "I sometimes like rock music.", "I am from Michigan. I do not have to travel far to skydive.", "I have considered being a skydive instructor but decided against it, as it would make me worry. Everyone I know is too afraid.I cannot teach skydiving.", "I skydive on my own weekly.", "I like Led Zeppelin.  I like the sounds of nature.", "I have a lizard named Toothless.", "I like dogs."], "current_conv": ["How is Toothless doing?  ", "He's doing great. Recently we've been listening to rock music together. I think he likes it. Have you thought more about getting a dog?", "What's his favorite band?  I love AC/DC and am going to a concert soon.", "He is really into Led Zeppelin. Wow, that's awesome! I'm jealous. Were the tickets expensive?", "Not too bad.  I bet the skydiving trip is going to be awesome.", "Skydiving is always awesome. When do you skydiving lessons start? Have you already conquered your fear?", "I started already and am so excited for more.  It would be cool to be an instructor.", "Yeah, I bet it would be a great job, though I'm not sure it's the safest. I think long-term I'd prefer something else.", "Yes, it would cause me worry too.  Are you going to any concerts soon?", "No, not anytime soon. I am putting all my money into skydiving for now. Maybe in a couple months I'll go. ", "Would you ever take your lizard with you skydiving?", "No, I think that would be a bit cruel. The lizard can't consent to that and it might be scared. Why? Would you?"], "history_conv": [["Hows it going?", "It is going very well thanks.", "Do you have any hobbies?", "I like to jump out of airplanes a lot.", "Thats scary! I love being out in nature.", "I do too just really high up.", "Working with animals can be scary too.", "I like lizards I have one.", "Do you like to be out in nature, I love it.", "Yes but really high up in the sky mostly.", "I bet you listen to alot of rock, I love that stuff.", "That's cool I like it sometimes too.", "My mom used to listen to it too in the hospital, shes a nurse.", "Rock and roll nurse sounds fun."], ["Do you have any upcoming jumps planned?", "Yes, I'm planning to go skydiving in Northern Michigan in a few days.  I'm really excited!", "That sounds really exciting! Are you from Michigan or are you going there specifically for the jump?", "I'm from Michigan.  I'll be skydiving only a few hours away from my house.", "That is convenient then. How many times have you gone skydiving? How high up are you? I imagine it is quite frightening, but thrilling.", "I've been skydiving probably about 100 times by now.  I'm not sure on the exact number but obviously it's very high up haha.  It's not scary to me anymore, I just got used to it.  It's pure thrills now.", "That's incredible! It sounds like an expensive hobby! Have you ever thought about becoming a skydiving instructor?", "I have but I don't think that's for me.  I'd be too worried about keeping everyone safe and it wouldn't be very fun anymore.", "That is a very good point, you wouldn't want it to ruin the joy that it brings you each time. Who do you usually go with?", "I usually go by myself because everyone else is too scared.  Maybe you can come with me sometime!", "Wow, you are brave to always go alone! Honestly I would love to try, I think you may have convinced me. What do I need to know?", "They'll teach you everything there much better than I could haha, but just know that it's not as bad as it looks! Just remember to enjoy yourself and that an accident is extremely unlikely."], ["I found a local place to learn to skydive!", "That is great! Where are you going to learn", "Its a new place about 10 minutes from my place.  I signed up for a 5 session class and by the last class we'll be able to jump out on our own! Do you still go with an instructor or do you go by yourself?", "Brilliant. You are going to love it! Especially, looking at the world from up above. Nature looks so beautiful up there. I skydive on my own now. I go every week and find it more and more enjoyable each time", "I can't wait! You definitely inspired me to get out there and do it.  When are you taking your trip to Northern Michigan? Maybe I'll be a seasoned skydiver then and could join in!", "I am going up to  Northern Michigan in 2 weeks. I think you will absolutely love it. Before going you could listen to some rock music to get you pumped up! Who would you listen to?", "I don't typically listen to them but AC/DC is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of going skydiving.  Something that would really pump you up, you know? Do you typically listen to any music when you go?", "Yes they would be good to listen to to get you excited and ready to dive. I sometimes listen to Led Zeppelin which also gets the adrenaline going. But sometimes, I just enjoy listening to the sounds of nature.", "Yeah I bet it just kind of depends on your mood that day.  Hey how is your lizard doing?", "Yes that is true. My lizard is doing well. I finally named my lizard. I called it Toothless. Do you have any pets?", "Is that from How to Train Your Dragon? I love it! I'm considering getting a dog.  I want to get one that I can take on hikes with me so definitely a larger breed that can handle some warmer days.", "Yes, I am glad you got the reference. My lizard remind me of the dragon that why I chose that name. Dogs are amazing friends too. I am sure long walks would be great. What would you name it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am going to tell my parents about my trip. I am going to write about my experience in the Grand Canyon. I think I would rather hike that ride a donkey.", "I graduated from high school.", "I went to literature club. I have a favorite book.", "I just arrived in Nevada and before leaving my parents gave me some money. I will be visiting the Grand Canyon. I plan on riding donkeys."], "partner_persona": ["I have grandchildren.", "I read a lot.", "one of my favorite books is to kill a mockingbird.", "I have visited the Grand Canyon many times. I find the Grand Canyon beautiful. The Grand Canyon inspires me to contemplations. I'd love to read about your experience at the Grand Canyon.", "I hiked in the Canyon. I rode a donkey to to the bottom of the Canyon. I travelled to the Grand Canyon with my best friend. It is hard to keep in touch with my best friend.", "I visited a dude ranch a few years ago.", "I have a few trips planned this summer, once of them will be seeing the grandkids at the beach in a few weeks."], "current_conv": ["So how was that dude ranch you went to? Any fun stories? ", "It was a blast! We learned a lot and got to see how they work with the animals! I got to close to a horse that wasn't too happy, though, and almost got kicked!", "That's great. Maybe I will plan to go to one sometime. I'm excited to ride the donkey on my trip. I have never rode a donkey before.", "They're pretty easy to ride! A lot smarter than horses regarding hiking and canyons! Mules have the benefits of being able to carry more weight and they live a lot longer than horses as well!", "I think I may take some selfie pictures with the donkey. Did you take any selfie pictures or any other cute pictures of the animals at the dude ranch?", "I didn't, sadly! I got so preoccupied right as we were pulling up to the ranch that I forgot my phone in the car and just got super excited about getting to see everything! Hopefully you don't make my mistake when you get to the grand Canyon!", "I have been around horses a few times. Because they are so big, they make a little nervous. I would like to ride a horse one day. I have two cats. I love animals.", "I love animals, too! I used to ride horses at a friend's farm, and we had a lot of fun doing it, but we never used saddles. I did make the mistake of riding their old grey mare at one point and my friend rode past on her horse, which the mare took as a challenge. This resulted in her bolting when I was unprepared, and without a saddle I ended up sliding right off of her, falling to the ground hard, and almost being trampled! The resulting concussion, being my first concussion, had me up half of the night crying for my mother! ", "That's awful. I sometimes wonder what animals would say if they could talk. I wonder whether they would complain about how we domesticate them. I like all animals. I am not sure if I could have a reptile as a pet though.", "I think reptiles are adorable, but I've heard a lot from others about how unsettling they can be!", "I once heard that geckos eat cockroaches. I hate when cockroaches get in my house. I probably would dread having to bring them into my house to feed a pet gecko.", "Well usually they give you a pretty sturdy, sealable container for the roaches when you get them from the pet shop. I wonder if geckos can eat meal worms like some reptilian pets do. They might be a less unsettling option if you were to want to get one!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, what's up?", "Just got back from the early bird special. How are you?", "Nervous, packing up for my trip actually..", "Oh, where are you going?", "I'm going to the grand canyon, I'm tired of this small town. My parents don't even know..", "I hope you enjoy your trip. The furthest I go is to visit my grandchildren.", "Thank you! I just graduated high school and I'm ready to start my life. Any advice?", "Take it slow, and do something you enjoy. There is need to rush things..", "I'll remember that, did you ever do anything crazy when you were younger?", "Oh no, when I was younger my mother worked as a librarian, so I read a lot.", "An avid reader? I was actually in literature club in school! What's your favorite book?", "If I would have to choose, to kill a mockingbird always was a favorite. How about you?", "My all-time favorite is anthem, the story about running away from home always interested me.", "Do you have any other hobbies to keep you occupied?"], ["I am leaving for my trip tonight, I decided to tell my parents", "We they supportive? The Grand Canyon is beautiful, I have been many times. It makes me really think about things.", "They were a little surprised but supportive. I guess they just wanted to make sure I was safe. I can't wait to write about my experience! Have you ever been?", "I have. Are you going to write a travel blog and post it on the internet?", "Exactly! Maybe you can read it wen your in between books!", "Absolutely. I'd love to. It'd be fun to read about your experience and then think about mine when I was there.", "Do you have any suggestions based on your trip?", "I did a lot of hikes into the canyon. You can also ride donkeys on the bottom of the canyon, it's really fun.", "I think hiking is more my style but I will look into the donkey's. Did you travel with anyone when you went?", "I went with my best friend. It was our last trip together because she went off to school, and I was working full-time.", "That sounds like it was bittersweet. Do you still talk to her?", "We do, but we both have very different lives, and families. It's sometimes hard to keep in contact."], ["I just got off the plane in Nevada. Before I left, my parents gave me some money, \"for whatever unexpected things may happen.\" I understand now how scared they are for me and how supportive they are.", "Yes Im sure your parents just want to make sure you are safe and happy on your trip.", "I understand that.  And I'm happy they gave me some extra spending money.  I'll have to buy them a souvenir.  Any suggestions?", "In the gift shop at the Grand Canyon they have drink coaster made out of clay from the canyon that are beautiful.  Ive bought them for my parents and the loved the,", "Oh that sounds really nice!  Maybe they have a picture frame with the same material.  Then I could take a nice photo of me with the grand canyon in the background and frame it!", "Yes that is a great idea, I'm sure they would love that!  Do you have all your gear and clothing ready or do you need to buy last minute supplies?", "I think I have everything I need.  I'm going to ride the donkeys after all.  I found a deal on a website for a tour. I thought that might be more interesting than just me hiking for my blog", "You will undoubtedly have a blast!  Make sure not to wear jeans with the seam on the inside of the leg, you will regret it!", "Oh!  I would not have thought of that!  Thanks for the tip.  Thinking about that makes so much sense.  They should put that on the travel blogs !", "Yes, haha, I learned that the hard way when I visited a dude ranch a few years ago!", "Any travel plans for you coming up?  Going to see your grandchildren?", "Yes I have several trips planned this summer.  I will see the grandkids in a few weeks at the beach.  I am very much looking forward to it!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Stella. I'm from Sweden. I have twin sons. Their birthday is next week. They like lizards. I am planning their party and will buy them an iguana. My boys are turning 12. They will have a small party with 10 friends and one cake.", "I have an interest in U.S. politics.", "I'm very spiritual. I regularly attend church.", "I drive a Honda. I play tennis.", "I admire Beethoven. I frequently travel.", "I rented a game truck full of video game consoles for the party. The boys love games and so do their friends.", "My boys like chocolate cake too. I got their cake from the grocery store. I know how to make unique cakes.", "My boys are named Hans and John, after characters from the movie Die Hard. I watch Die Hard with my family every year.", "I don't want a lizard for a pet. I would make my boys care for the lizard if we got one."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Haley.", "I like British people. My family is from Italy.", "I like Beethoven. I like classical music. ", "I drive a Volkswagen Beetle.", "I love guns. I own two handguns.", "I think an iguana is a great gift. I believe 12 is old enough for the responsibility of a pet.", "I am older than 12. I went to a water park on my 12th birthday.", "German chocolate cake is my favorite. I think lizard shaped cakes are cool.", "I don't like the movie Die Hard. I've only seen Die hard once."], "current_conv": ["I've got a bunch of leftover cake from the boys' birthday, would you like any? i know it's not your favorite, German Chocolate, but it is pretty darn good!", "I would love some! What flavor is it?", "Its just a chocolate cake with vanilla frosting. I had the bakery at the grocery store make it into a shape of an iguana. They loved it, but not as much as the REAL iguana they received after we sang.", "Oh wow, they got a real iguana? Were they excited?", "They could barely contain themselves!! Me, not so much. Once the party was over, I made them sit down and watch youtube videos on how to care for them. Tomorrow we'll go to the store to find all the proper food and whatnot. Wish it were a dog but they really wanted the iguana!", "An iguana will be easier for them to care for, dogs can be a lot of work but if you are serious about getting one, you should look into it! I love dogs.", "Have you had a dog before?", "Yes, I actually have a golden retriever now and have had family dogs in the past.", "I hear golden retrievers are very sweet dogs. Wonder how a dog and iguana would get along, haha! Maybe one thing at a time..", "I think one thing at a time is the right idea! Have your boys name the iguana?", "They named it Holly, another character from Die Hard. I think us watching it every year has really made an impression on them.", "Oh how neat. I love that you all have a tradition of watching Die Hard every year, even if it is a movie I don't like."], "history_conv": [["My name is stella. I'm from sweden and have two lovely twin boys.", "Hey there im haley.", "Hi haley. Are you from the us? I'm curious as the president there seems to have issues.", "No family from italy and I enjoy the british haha and british teley.", "Wonderful! I do tend to focus on other issues. We attend church regularly and are very spiritual.", "I do the same I enjoy beethoven and my volkswagen bettle bug car.", "Nice. No vw here. My honda gets me around safely. I play tennis. Your hobbies?", "Well I have 2 handguns so I love gun stuff and classical music.", "Hmm. I also admire beethoven. With travel there is time for listening. No guns here, though.", "Awesome he is amazing. I really enjoy and relax. Thanks for the chat.", "You're welcome. Nice chatting with you as well. I learned about others. :).", "I love learning and hearing new things.", "Haley thanks for the pleasant conversation. It was a great experience this whole thing.", "Same here bye now :)."], ["My boys birthday is next week, so I've been busy planning their party. They're both very into lizards, so I think a pet iguana will be one of their gifts.", "That sounds like a great gift  How old will your boys be?", "they will be turning 12.  I think they will be old enough to be responsible for the iguana, dont you?", "Yes, I think that's a good age to have a pet and learn some responsibility.  Are they going to have lots of friends over for their party?  And will they have separate cakes or do they share one as a set of twins?", "We are keeping it small this year so about 10 friends total nothing too crazy.  But they do share a cake because they both like the same flavor.  other wise I'd have to get two small ones.", "What types of games or activities do you have planned?  For my 12th birthday I believe I went to a water park.", "We are having it at the house this year.  I rented a game truck.  THey show up with video game consoles and screens for the kids to play on.  They love games and so do their friends so this should be great.", "Wow, that sounds really fun.  I bet your boys will love that.  What is the flavor of the cake you mentioned that they both like?  My favorite is German chocolate cake.", "The like chocolate cake too!  We don't get anything fancy just from the local grocery store.", "I think when you're 12, just about any cake is great cake, so I doubt that will be a problem.  What are your boys' names?", "Hans and John.  My husband named them after movie characters.", "How interesting.  Which movies?"], ["The boys' birthday party went very well.", "That's great!  Did you decorate the cake with lizards?", "Not exactly, the cake was one big lizard!", "Really?  That's awesome!  Did you end up buying them a lizard as a gift too?", "Not yet, I am not sure I like the idea of a lizard running around the house.", "Yes, if it got out, would you be willing to pick it up and put it back in the cage?  And cleaning the cage would probably fall on you too, right?", "I would give it a go but I probably make sure that they were to look after it.", "Last time we talked you said your husband named them after movie characters.  What characters were they named after?", "From Die hard, it is his favorite film. Can't believe I let him do that.", "I thought that was the movie but wanted to make sure.  That's funny.  He must really like that movie!", "Every year we are forced to watch it over the holidays.", "I've seen it once, I wouldn't say I'm a big fan. Do the kids like the movie too or do they feel forced to watch it too?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the band '5 finger death punch'.", "I like to garden.", "I like to read murder mysteries.", "I like cars. I sell cars at a dealership. It is slow at the moment.", "My mom was on the news. My mom is a police officer. She arrested a serial killer. My mom has a partner. They both have guns.", "I like animals. Injured animals will  make me sad.", "I have an eight year old husky/lab mix dog. I adopted him from a shelter when he was a year old.", "I worry about my mom. My mom is smart. My mom is a celebrity. My mom still works."], "partner_persona": ["I like the band 'Beach Boys'.", "I like to run. I like to hike. I like to camp. I have dogs.", "I make coffee.", "I can't handle animal abuse.", "I knew there was a serial killer in the area.", "I run an animal shelter. It is rewarding but tiring. Adopting out animals can be difficult. My shelter took in many dogs from a puppy mill recently. Bigger dogs are harder to place in a home. People want puppies and small dogs.", "I have a lot of animals. I may get some help. I can't afford to pay help. My family is not passionate about caring for animals. I may post signs inside my business looking for help."], "current_conv": ["I just talked to my mom. She is flying to New York City to be on a national news show!", "Wow! That's awesome. Didn't she catch a criminal? That's amazing to have a famous mom. What time will the show be on? I want to see it.", "It'll be 8pm Eastern tomorrow. She's going to have a full weekend as always when something like this happens.", "I'm sure she does. Being a police officer is a dangerous job to be on. She deserves all the recognition she gets and more.", "I agree. But sometimes I worry that she might get hurt in a dangerous situation. But I guess that's what she signed up for. Anyway, what's new with you?", "I'm heading to a seminar for animal abuse. It's helping to bring awareness to how widespread this issue actually is. It's a great cause and I'm proud to be attending.", "I can't believe people who would abuse a helpless animal. Makes me wonder how they got the mindset to do such things.", "I don't understand it at all. It's sickening but it happens so often. I know some people don't like animals being in cages at shelters and the like but it's better than being in an abusive home. How's your doggie doing by the way?", "He's doing great but as always a lot of work. I think it is the huskie in him. He's been shedding a ton because of the summer weather, so I've got to get him to a groomer ASAP.", "Oh if you need a good one, let me know! I have a good friend that helps groom pets. I've been to them quite a few times.", "I would love to know! What's the name of the business?", "It's called Kyle's Grooming. They are super affordable and he will do custom jobs for a fair price. Make sure I send you the number next time we talk."], "history_conv": [["Hey there, what's your favorite band? Mine is 5 finger death punch..", "My favorite band is the beach boys. I listen to them whenever I go outside!", "I like to get outside to garden.", "I like to go outside to run, hike, and camp. I also spend time with my dogs!", "I prefer to spend my time indoors reading murder mysteries.", "I like partaking in leisure activities as well. I spend a lot of time making coffee personally.", "I enjoy cars and work at a dealership selling them..", "You're a car salesman? That's interesting. Is it a hard job?", "Yeah but not as hard as my mom's job. She was a police officer.", "Wow! That must be scary having your mom be a cop. Has she ever made an arrest?", "Yeah plenty of murder suspects, that's why I like the murder mysteries I think.", "I hope she's never had to deal with any animal abuse. I could never handle that myself.", "She's never mentioned that thankfully. Just murders of humans.", "Well, that's good at least. I love animals too much to see them hurt."], ["My Mom arrested that serial killer that was loose. She caught him when she pulled him over for a broken taillight.", "Wow! I am so glad that they were caught. Did he try to get away when your mom pulled him over?", "Nope. She and her partner had their guns out and there really wasn't anywhere for him to go.", "That's good and what a great story for her to be able to tell. How is your job going?", "It's going okay. This time of year can be a little bit slow with sales. Year-end and beginning of the year are usually better. How's work for you? What do you do?", "I hope sales pick up for you. I run an animal shelter. It is a very rewarding job but can also be very draining at times.", "I can imagine! I would hate to see all the animals who come in with injuries. But I'm sure it's rewarding when one of them gets adopted, right?", "Of course, that is very rewarding but finding willing adopters is difficult. We also recently brought in nearly 30 dogs from one puppy mill and we are quickly running out of space. It is very hard when you can't say yes to everyone.", "Oh wow! Are there some animals that are more popular than others, or some that are harder to adopt out?", "Yes, bigger dogs are MUCH harder to adopt out. Everyone wants a cute, small dog. Puppies are also very popular. Do you have any pets?", "I do! I have an eight-year-old Husky/Lab mix who we adopted from a shelter before we moved two years ago. He was about a year old when we got him.", "I am so glad you decided to adopt! Is he a pretty active dog?"], ["My mom was on the news for catching the serial killer!", "How did she catch them? Were you scared for her?", "He was pulled over for a broken taillight!  Criminals aren't very smart haha.  I worry about her but I know her and her partner are smart and keep eachother safe.  Now it's like she's a celebrity too!", "Wow, they really aren't smart. I guess you are only a criminal when you get caught. How is she handling being a celebrity?", "It's different, but not going to her head.  She still has to go to work like us normal people haha.  So how's your business going?  Are you still running out of space or have people started adopting the ones you have?", "Still enough pace at the moment. Luckily people are adopting the animals which frees up space. It is hard work so considering getting some help.", "I'm sure there are lots of people who would help.  Especially because it's such a good cause.  You might even find young adults that need service hours for school that would volunteer", "I wouldn't be able to pay much so it would have to be voluntary. The one thing I can't stand is seeing animals suffering which is why I set it up in the first place.", "That's so nice to know there are caring people like you out there!  You wonder what would happen to those animals if you hadn't started your business!  Do you have family that could help too?", "I do not even want to think what would happen to them, it makes me sad. I have family but they are not as passionate as me about caring for animals.", "I'm sure you'll find some volunteer help somewhere.  I'd start by posting something inside the business.  Maybe reach out to past customers asking if they know someone.", "That could be a good idea. The people that come and adapt generally have the same views as me. That's a really good idea, thanks."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in the south.", "My favorite animal to hunt is deer. I also help the local environment.", "I enjoy the great outdoors working as a forest ranger. My job is not very exciting. I patrol the woods and report blockd trails where I get to see a lot of wild animals, particularly birds. My job involves me patrolling trails. Part of my job involves getting rid of hazards. I work in a park. I hunt on occasion because of overpopulation of certain animals. I help clean up after people.", "The last time I went hunting was a couple of months ago. I prefer to hunt for my own meat over going to a grocery store for it.", "I process my own deer meat. I know someone who can process deer meat for me."], "partner_persona": ["I don't like hunting. I'm an animal lover. I have 2 dogs.", "I love cooking steak and hot dogs.", "I work in a mall.", "I don't get out much. I live near my workplace.", "I am redoing some old furniture in my house. I am taking pictures of the furniture refinishing and putting them out on social media.", "I would like to walk trails an see wildlife.", "My dogs would enjoy the woods. I would not like to be in the woods during hunting season.", "I am skilled in cabinetry-type work. I post about my work on my social media accounts. I am considering starting a side business in refinishing old furniture. My work gets positive reviews from other people.", "I would not want to be close to a bear. I think animals are intelligent.", "I like clean spaces. I do not like spaces that are full of trash.", "I feed my dogs table scraps."], "current_conv": ["I just got back from work, and I saw the most beautiful bird of prey. I think it was some kind of eagle. I couldn't see it up close because it wouldn't get near me, and I was afraid to scare it off by getting too close. I haven't seen a bird like that in this park before. I think I might research it to see what kind of bird it was.", "Do you remember what the colors of the feathers and the size of the bird? I feel like that would be important to identifying it effectively.", "Yes it was a deep brown color, with speckled gold in its wings. The wing span looked to be close to 6 feet, that was why I was thinking it much be a type of eagle, rather than a hawk. I bet your dogs would have gone crazy barking if they'd seen it while walking a trail. Does that ever happen - the dogs scare away wildlife? ", "All the time. The oldest one has gotten better at understanding what to bark at versus what not to bark at and that has helped train the other dogs. Maybe they will be able to keep me safe from a bear with a bit of training! Do you have a book for identifying that bird? I have a Petersons field guide here that I could bring over.  ", "That's great about your oldest dog! Dogs are wonderful to have while hiking! Wildlife can smell them from quite a distance, and they tend to stay away because of them. The only negative thing is that you may not get to see all the wildlife in a park when you have dogs with you though. It's a toss-up! I did have a bird identification book somewhere, but I can't seem to find it now that I need it! lol I'd love to borrow your Petersons Field Guide! Thank you! So have you started selling your cabinetry yet?! I can't wait to get to see it!", "I have started to sell some of the cabinetry. The social media pictures that I have been taking have really gained some traction. It seems like tons of people are interested in buying. Would you be interested in some them by chance?  ", "I would be very interested in a refinished high-back chair. If you ever come across something like that, please grab it and I will absolutely pay you to refinish it! If I were to find one I wanted, would I be able to send it to you to refinish for me? Or do you only do furniture you've found yourself? I (unfortunately) don't have any current need for new cabinets though....", "For you, I would do anything you requested. I generally do gems that I have found on my own but if you find something you really like we could certainly make it work. ", "You're the best - thanks so much!!! If there is ever a favor I can do for you - like dog-sitting perhaps - just let me know!", "I will if needed. I'm sure the dogs might even like to be around you since you like going outdoors and do hunting for your own meat. Although, I'm afraid the youngest would bark at everything and scare away your game."], "history_conv": [["Hey there what are your thoughts on hunting?", "I don't hunt. I have 2 dogs. I think pets are great. Hru?", "Actually one of my hobbies is to hunt, deer specifically.", "That's cool. I love bbqing steaks and hot dogs. Wehere do you live?", "I live in the south, deers are overpopulated down here.", "Good for a hunter then. I live in a house that needs finishing still.", "Oh, are you able to fix it yourself?", "No. Although I'm also looking for furniture for it. Good I work in a mall.", "Yeah that will be helpful, I work outdoors so wildlife is my main concern.", "Do you help wildlife too or just hunt it?.", "Both, deer is my favorite/only animal I hunt, but I am helpful to environment.", "That's good then. I don't get out of town much. My house is by the mall though.", "That helps to be more central. I hope you have a great day.", "Yeah exactly. Tacks. You have a great day too. Take care."], ["Did you finish furnishing your house?", "Not yet. I have decided to redo some old furniture myself. It is time consuming but the results in the end are worth it.", "Sounds like you're enjoying the hard work refurninishing your house. Send me some pictures when you're done! I'd love to see", "Oh I am taking tons of pictures and putting them out on social media. It is so time consuming that is about the only way to show people what I am doing. What have you been up to?", "Just enjoying the great outdoors, loving working as a forest ranger!", "That has to be a rewarding job. What is your day to day like? Have you ever caught any poachers?", "Haha nothing too exciting, most days it's just me patrolling the woods alone, reporting on any fallen trees blocking trails and things like that.", "That is still fun. I wouldnt mind going out on the trails one day. I am sure there is plenty of wildlife to see.", "You'd definitely enjoy it, you could even take your dogs with you!", "I imagine they would have a blast. I may have trouble keeping them from running everywhere and sniffing everything! I need to find out when hunting season is though so I can avoid that."], ["What is the most successful thing you have refinished so far?", "I just finished refinishing an old dresser with a lot of decorative carving and nine drawers (two of them behind cabinet-type doors. It was pretty difficult because of all the carving and all the different pueces,", "Wow. That sounds really cool. Let me know once you post them on social media. Hopefully the viewers can appreciate you effort and dedication. Have you ever considered turning it into a business?", "I will definitely let you know once I post them, which I plan to do soon. I've throught about trying to maybe do a side business with it. I get a lot of good comments when I post my pictures. So, you said your job is not very exciting. Do you at least get to see wild animals sometimes as you patrol?", "Mainly eagles and hawks. I think the animals kind of know to stay away from the trails. Sometimes they're more scared of us than we are of them. Every now and then I'll notice a bear or moose from a distance, but luckily not too close for comfort.", "HaHa. Yeah, I wouldn't want to meet a bear up close. That's cool that you occasionally see some animals though. And yes, I agree that animals are quite intelligent overall. You also previously said you help the local environment. What kinds of things do you do to help?", "A lot of it is just getting rid of hazards in the park. People can be real slobs and irresponsible some times. Some of my hunting is because of animals overpopulating certain areas.", "That's cool that you help clean up after people. I hate it when I go to someplace and it's full of trash! And yeah, I can see that hunting to reduce overpopulation could be good thing for the environment. When is the last time you went hunting?", "A couple of months ago. I figure it's better to get some meat myself than pay a grocery store and agribusiness for it. Do the dogs ever bug you for steak?", "Oh, yes! My dogs are good beggars--and they probably get more table scraps than they should! Do you process the deer meat yourself?", "Usually, yes. I've got a guy for that just in case as a backup. I bet it's hard to say no to those dogs.", "That's good that you can usually do it yourself and save some money. Yes, it's very hard to say no to them!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a local fast food restaurant. I work several shifts.", "My hobbies are reading and gardening.", "I like to watch the discovery channel.", "I like pandas and penguins. I go to the zoo with my sister. I went to the zoo a couple of years ago.", "I don't like audiobooks. I'm not good at multitasking.", "I used to read more fantasy books in the past. I have read a Song of Ice and Fire, Sword of Truth, Mistborn, and Way of Kings.", "I enjoy seeing exotic birds. I wish I had a cockatoo as a pet.", "I have a sister that owns a dog."], "partner_persona": ["I work for Ford Motors company.", "I have a pet cat.", "I like going to the zoo. I like lions.", "I have a girlfriend. We visit the zoo every few weeks.", "I like to garden and read. I want to try audiobooks. I want to read more. I like reading poetry books. I am a huge fan of fantasy books.", "I went to the zoo last week. I love seeing lions. I enjoy seeing pandas and monkeys.", "I have a girlfriend that owns a cockatoo. I thought about getting a dog as a pet. I want to get another cat next month."], "current_conv": ["I was talking to a friend three days ago, and they mentioned they are giving away kittens that their cat just gave birth to. You should give them a call, and ask to adopt one. I am sure they would be happy to give you a kitten, given how well you take care of your cat.", "Oh my goodness that's so exciting! Yes I'll definitely give them a call, at least just to talk about it and see whether one of the kittens would be right for me. Would you consider getting one too?", "I'm not sure honestly. As you know, I'd rather have a cockatoo. Don't you think kittens are more work?", "Yes they are, they are very cute but especially when they are young they need quite a lot of attention. Once they are older they are a little more independent. I remember you saying your sister has a dog; what breed is it?", "I guess that's true. She has a corgi! He is pretty adorable. Maybe for now it's enough for me to just play with him. I've heard pets can be pretty expensive too, right?", "Oh corgis are so cute! What's his name? Yea it's nice when a friend or family member has a pet as you don't have to make the commitment yourself, but you still get to enjoy having an animal around sometimes. And yes, vet bills can be very expensive!", "Exactly! I feel the same way about children. They're cute and fun to play with but I'd rather not have all that responsibility. Do you like kids?", "Kids can be awesome, but personally I don't think I'd want to have any of my own. But I have a sister who is keen to have kids one day, so maybe I'll be a cool uncle at some point. What about you, do you think you'll have kids in the future?", "Maybe in the distant future. Right now I don't have enough money saved anyways. I have to focus on saving up I guess. So how's your girlfriend's cockatoo?", "Yea it's definitely a good idea to be in a good financial position before even thinking about raising a family. My sister's cockatoo is doing great thanks, he's a funny old thing. I love the fact that his name is John, as it just sounds so ridiculously human!", "Haha, that is a funny name for a cockatoo. Does he behave like a human too?", "He does turn his head to the side when looking at me which makes me wonder what deep thing he's thinking, but he's probably just after some food! What is your cockatoo called?"], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you?", "I'm good how are you?", "Long day at work, I could use a good chair and book right about now..", "What do you do for work?", "At a local fast food restaurant. It isn't much, but it pays the bills. You?", "Followed my father's footsteps and worked for ford motors. Do you have any hobbies?", "Reading and gardening. I love smelling the roses and ferns in my garden..", "Sounds like fun. What's something recent that's happened to you?", "My sister got married, that was rather exciting. Other than that not much, you?", "That's cool. I have a cat and she just had a kitten..", "Oh that is cool, did you pick a name for it yet?", "No I don't have a name yet. Do you have a favorite food?", "Nope, not a picky eater I just eat whatever we have. Any interesting hobbies you may have?", "I really enjoy visiting the zoo. Do you have a favorite animal?"], ["Which animals do you like to go see at the zoo?", "I really like to see the lions. Something about big cats is always just so majestic.", "The lions on my local zoo seems to be sedated, they looks so sleepy and not as cool as seen on discovery channel. What about over there?", "Well they are still cats. I think lions just spend a lot of time loafing about. But I think that makes it all the more exciting when they do become active. What's your favorite animal to see at the zoo?", "I like pandas and penguins, both me and my sister find them cute.", "My girlfriend always enjoys those. We try to go to the zoo every few weeks. How about you?", "Not as often. I usually go when my sister come to visit. Going alone is not that appealing.", "Yeah, I can understand that. I guess it's more appealing to do things like gardening and reading when you're alone.", "Yes, and I took several shifts at work, so reading is more possible to be done in between those shifts.", "I used to read a lot when I was younger, but I've been having a hard time getting into it again. I've been thinking about trying audiobooks.", "I tried audiobooks but it did not work well for me, my brain keep wandering all over the place. I guess I'm not that good with multitasking.", "I hope I will have better luck with them. It'd be nice to be able to get into books again."], ["What kind of books do you like to read?", "I like to read books on poetry. I also am a huge fan of fantasy. What about you?", "I use to read a lot of fantasy. A song of Ice and Fire, the Sword of Truth, Mistborn, Way of Kings, etc. I have read a lot of books.", "Cool! Those sound like interesting books for sure. My pet cat always likes to sit on my lap as I read. I actually just went to the zoo this past week!", "What were some of your favorite things to see at the zoo? I went a few years ago and it was a lot of fun. Very crowded, but still fun.", "I love seeing lions the most! I also enjoy pandas and monkeys. Do you have any favorite zoo animals?", "I always really enjoyed seeing some of the exotic birds. Some of them are so colorful and unique looking. They look like an artist drew them and they came to life.", "I totally agree! Those are my girlfriend's favorite things to see at the zoo too. She actually just got a cockatoo!", "Cool! I have always wanted a cockatoo, but I've always been afraid that they would keep me awake at night or something while I am trying to sleep. Does hers make a lot of noise?", "Oh yeah you bet haha. Making sure the environment is really quiet helps them to calm though. Does your sister like animals too?", "Yeah, she is definitely a dog person. She has a yellow lab and they are best buds.", "Haha nice. I always thought about getting a dog, but cats are just so much easier. I'm thinking about getting another cat sometime next month actually."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am from the city.", "My cat just had a kitten. I love going to the zoo. I dyed my cat's hair orange and black to look like a tiger. My hair is also black and orange.", "I got the idea to color my hair and my cat's hair like a tiger from the zoo.", "I enjoy warmer seasons.", "I prefer pop music more than Country. My cat is a fan of Justin Bieber. I am not.", "My cat looks fantastic since I dyed her hair. I think I will enter her into a feline beauty contest. My cat's kitten is too young to dye.", "I watch Too Cute with my cats."], "partner_persona": ["I like country music.", "I have a farm. I grow corn and beans. I have lots of animals on my farm.", "I love the winter.", "I am adopting a cat this weekend. I want to own a cat to protect my corn harvest from rodents.", "I own a hound that I named Jasper. My pet dog is 10 years old. I play Kenny Rogers sometimes."], "current_conv": ["A friend of mine gave me a call three hours ago, and I mentioned that you were interested in a cat to catch mouses on your farm. They mentioned that an American Shorthair is a good cat breed for that purpose, and that you should consider getting one. Hopefully you can find one to adopt.", "Thanks for the advice! I have been browsing different organizations with adoptions online. That gives me an angle to look for.", "If other cats knew what kind of life it would have on the farm, they would probably envy it. My cat only knows of the life the cat you get will have. Since I've had my cat, it has only caught one mouse that somehow managed to get inside my place.", "Aw, I'm sure your cat has a great life in other ways! Is your cat a pure bred?", "I am not sure. I should ask the animal shelter that I got it from whether they know about this. All I found out when I got the cat was that its previous owner was an elderly woman that was becoming too sick to care for it. It originally had black and white hair before I dyed it.", "Yeah, it'd be fun to find out if they have anymore information. I've been making a list of all the supplies I'll need when I bring my new cat home. So far I've got, dishes, quick-release collar, and carrier. What else do you think I'll need?", "Perhaps a litter box to bring out at times when it's too dangerous for the cat to use the bathroom outside like in a thunderstorm. Other than that, I'm sure the cat can take care of itself. My cat lives like a celebrity. It gets all fancied up with dye, listens to Justin Bieber, and sometimes I let it eat some of my fancy meals that I cook.", "See, your cat is the lucky on. Yes, definitely a litter box. Oh, and treats and toys for fun. Does your cat have any favorite toys?", "I have a few little mouse stuffed animal mouses, but that's it. I hope my cat bred with a healthy cat. I don't know even know which cat in the neighborhood it bred with. Will you mind if your cat sleeps with you? My cat does that sometimes.", "I don't mind. That sounds cozy. Jaspar never sleeps with me, and it gets cold out here in the country in the winters. Cuddling with a cat on those cold nights sounds just wonderful. ", "Cuddling with my cat provides such warmth. I was thinking of maybe one day bringing my cat to the zoo. I've seen YouTube videos of so many different kinds of animals being social with each other. Your cat will probably make some surprising connections with some of the animals on your farm.", "I hope so. That'd be fun to watch. But mostly, I hope my new cat gets along with Jasper. I've been looking for an adult cat that has a positive history with dogs. I have had a few good hits, and feel hopeful that I'll be bringing home a kitty within a couple of days. I'm going to go shopping for essentials tomorrow. But no dye, although I bet your orange and black cat is a cutie."], "history_conv": [["Hey just grabbed an ice tea and now ready to chat you up.", "Cool, I am enjoying some country music.", "Did you grow up in the country? I'm from the city.", "Yes, I have a farm, a corn and bean farm.", "Cool, any animals? I have a cat who just had a kitten, and I love the zoo.", "I have a bunch of farm animals! I need a cat for al the critters.", "I recently had my cat's fur dyed to match my hair. My new cut and color.", "Cool, what color did you chose?", "It's kind of like tiger stripes. I got the idea from the zoo.", "Cool, what season is your favorite?", "I like any season when it's warm enough to visit the zoo.", "I am the opposite, I enjoy the winter."], ["Who is your favorite country music artist?", "I like Kenny Rogers, so sad when he passed away.", "It really was. My parents used to listen to his music. Do you listen to his music while working on your farm?", "Definitely! There's something with country music that make working more enjoyable. Do you like country music too?", "I think it's alright. I'm more into pop. My cat is a big fan of Justin Bieber. That's a problem, but I indulge her on occasion.", "She is one interesting cat for sure! Is her fur okay with the dye?", "Yep! She looks fantastic. I was thinking of entering her into a feline beauty contest.", "I hope she win! Did you dye her kitten too?", "Not yet. The kitten is too young. She mostly just sleeps and eats.", "Aw.. how old is she? Kitten are so precious, I like to watch kitten videos at night.", "She's only a couple weeks old. Kitten videos are great. Have you watched the show Too Cute? It's full of kittens. We all watch it together.", "I have not! I usually only watch short videos. Thanks for the recommendation, I will surely check that out."], ["My cat loves her hair dyed. I caught her staring at herself in a mirror.", "Are you sure that's why she was staring? Just kidding! Hey, I forgot to tell you I'm going to look at adopting a cat of my own this weekend.", "Aww, that's great. That will be one lucky cat. Thought of any names?", "No, I feel like you have to meet a pet before you pick a name. I have looked at some color swatches for its hair dye, though. LOL", "Oh, definitely. Are you familiar with cat breeds? Let me know if you want any input on the dyes ;)", "Not really. I'm mainly just looking for a good mouser to protect the corn harvest from rodents.", "That makes sense. That's one great thing about cats. About how much of your crop do the mice typically damage?", "Usually just a few ears here and there, but it's gotten out of hand this year for some reason. Maybe they don't like the neighbor's garbage as much as they used to. LOL", "Man, that sounds rough. Sounds like the cat will have their work cut out for them. Maybe get two! No worries about the cat bugging the animals?", "I'm more worried about the animals bugging the cat. I'm going to have to be careful about introducing the cat to my hound, Jasper.", "Oh, wow. How old is Jasper?", "He's getting up there. Maybe 10 years old now? His vision isn't what it used to be. Sometimes he barks at me like I'm a stranger. You should hear him howl when I play Kenny Rogers, though!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a zoo keeper. I love animals.", "I have a raccoon and a bearded dragon for pets.", "I live on the west coast. I fly kites.", "I have two cars - both of them are Mustangs.", "I have a brother. He owns a grocery store here. I always go to my brother's store for food.", "I try to be super nice to people at restaurants.", "I watch movies. I have never eaten bear meat.", "I am an animal lover. I eat meat. I buy responsibly sourced meat products."], "partner_persona": ["I love eating animals. I live in Alaska.", "I don't own a car. I run to get from place to place.", "I don't go to the grocery store. I hunt and forage for my food. I am not that good at hunting or foraging. I am a programmer. I am not athletic.", "I like to go hunting. I have experience hunting moose and deer. I want to hunt bear. I am not an experienced hunter. I have eaten bear meat.", "I have trust issues with delivery personals. I am short tempered. I want to be self-sufficient. I am ashamed about my anger management problems."], "current_conv": ["I found a responsibly sourced bear meat producer and it was pretty tasty like you mentioned.", "I'm glad you liked it! I know it's not very common, but it's meat like any other animal. I'm thinking of making some deer and bison jerky soon. Do you like jerky?", "I sure do that sounds great please save me some! Did you hunt them yourself?", "Yeah, and I need to use the meat soon. And it's much much cheaper to make it yourself. Jerky can be expensive. I'm sure you've seen the prices at your brother's store if he carries it. ", "Oh okay I see, and you bet I have they are so expensive. Does making jerky provide some distraction from your stressful life?", "The prep and eating it does! The cook time is hours and hours, so that's not very good for getting my mind off of things. They're opening a new store about 10 minutes from me. That's a big deal around here. I wanted to see if I could hunt and forage to survive, but it's nice to know I have an easily-accessible store nearby now.", "That makes it all the better, all that hard work! That sounds awesome, really convenient. I wish we had more snack machines at the zoo for that exact reason. With practice you will be great.", "I do ok I guess for my relatively limited experience. I think hunting helps with my anger management -- it's very peaceful when you're not tracking an animal, plus a lot of work goes into it. It's a good way to expend energy. How do you manage your stresses?", "I bet it is a good release, and helps with concentration. I usually just like to hang out with my pets or work on my cars. My Mustangs keep my hands full. Trying to put a turbo in the old one.", "It must be a great feeling to know about cars. Before I moved here, I commuted an hour and a half each way, and I was always scared something was going to happen to the car I had then and cost an arm and a leg to fix. When you know how to do it yourself, it's no big deal. Parts aren't nearly as expensive as labor.", "It makes me feel a lot better and more self-sufficient for sure. That is a long drive for anyone, I understand. It sure keeps the cost down but it takes so long when I do it.", "Oh, yeah, I guess if you have to fix a car out of necessity versus hobby, it's a little more stressful, but it's nice to know how to do it! I don't know how to change a windshield wiper. I'm useless with cars. I do see a man around town who rides his \"pet\" moose. Maybe I should do that."], "history_conv": [["Hey there! Just taking a break from being a zoo keeper! It's hard work,but I love animals!", "Nice! I love animals, too! Especially when they're for dinner.", "Don't know how a racoon or a bearded dragon would taste? Those are my pets.", "Raccoons can be pretty tasty, depends on how fat they are. I eat them alot in alaska.", "Guess you can't fly kites in alaska? I fly kites on the west coast here!", "You can but you just gotta make sure to wear warm pants because it's cold up here.", "I have two cars both are mustangs. The engines would probably freeze in alaska!", "Probably. I don't own a car up here. Just run around wearing pants between villages.", "Guess the nearest grocery store is far away! My brother owns one here.", "Don't know! I try to forage for vegetables and hunt for meat like polar bear.", "Woah! That's really outdoorsy! I go to my brothers grocery corner botega store for my food needs!", "I'm not successful, tho. Us programmers aren't exactly the most athletic."], ["Have you had any luck hunting lately?", "Not this month. Last week trip I even came back totally empty handed. I might need to go to grocery store soon.", "Maybe. Or you could use a service like Door Dash. If you wanted to make it more like hunting, you could chase down the car or hide in a bush and pounce on the delivery person.", "LOL! Please don't turn me into a criminal. I never used Door Dash or similar services before. Watch a video on how a delivery person spits on the order and now I have trust issue.", "Ew. Yeah, that's horrible. I've heard sometimes people at restaurants do that, too, so I try to be super nice to them.", "Yes, people probably won't do things like that unprovoked. Have your brother shared or experienced stories like that at his store?", "At his store, it's more things like people will try to pocket little things and not pay for them. Or they will fill a drink cup, drink some of it, then refill it and pay.", "That's sucks. I read somewhere that store owners rarely reports things like that since it doesn't worth the efforts and complications that might arise. Is that true?", "Yeah, it's true. It's a lot of paperwork and phone calls. It's not worth all that for a candy bar. Better to just keep an eye on those people when they come into your store.", "I shouldn't own a grocery store then. I might get too tempted to hurt those people.", "That's understandable. Store owning isn't for everyone. We get punks pulling things at the zoo, too. People harass the animals and leave garbage everywhere.", "I don't understand people who just harass without any reason. Garbage too! Garbage bins are everywhere!"], ["What kind of animals are you hunting for this season?", "Usually moose and deer, but I'm thinking of trying bear this year. Should fill the freezer nicely.", "That sounds dangerous! Are you sure you can hunt a bear?", "Sure, with the right weapon you can hunt anything.  I'm not the best hunter yet, though, so I'm thinking of taking someone more experienced along as well.", "That's a good idea. Wouldn't want you to get Leo DiCaprio'ed if you know what I mean. Is bear tasty? I've never had it.", "If you get it in the right season it's delicious. It has a very strong flavor. That's probably hard for you to imagine being an animal lover, isn't it?", "I love animals, but I don't mind eating them as long as they are killed in a humane way. I would go crazy without a good steak every now and then. I just make sure to get my food from good sources where I know they treat the animals right.", "I  agree with getting responsibly sourced food. Is that the sort of store your brother owns?", "Exactly! My brother stocks his store with food from local farms. It's the best! Are there good grocery stores in Alaska?", "Well, there are....but they can be a pain to get to during some months. That's why I've been working so hard to learn to take care of myself.  Plus it's a great way to help tame my temper.", "I'm glad to hear that. Have you ever been to any anger management classes?", "Not yet. It's been suggested to me before, but I feel so ridiculous going to them."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite thing to do is to visit the zoo.", "I grew up in the city.", "My cat just had a kitten. My kitten is funny. She was trying to catch birds on the television.", "I love iced tea.", "My hair is cut and colored black.", "I think cats are less dangerous than dogs.", "My cat had more than one kitten. I gave them all away except for one. I love kittens. I think they are a lot of work. I don't have time for more cats than I have. I keep the kitten closed off in one room while I am gone until she gets bigger."], "partner_persona": ["I am a simple guy. I have not been to a zoo before.", "I live in a rural area with my three kids and dogs.", "I like dogs more. I work in an industry where cats are a great asset.", "I don't drink iced tea because it could spill onto my equipment.", "My hair color is natural human brown. I am proud of my hair color.", "I own a farm and run a computer business. I help with the farm. I provide computer services to farmers.", "My dogs are much bigger than a kitten. I think their play looks more dangerous than funny. My dogs ones broke my TV. I mount my TN high on the wall now.", "I got my dogs after they were full grown. My daughter wants a kitten but I am afraid a kitten will not survive with dogs and children. I will let my daughter get a kitten when she gets older and more responsible.", "I grow corn and have a home garden. My father does most of the farming and I run a computer business."], "current_conv": ["I just got a job offer.", "Congratulations, that's good news! When are you going to start?", "In two weeks. Pretty excited about it, although the change is a little stressful. How is your garden doing?", "That's normal, don't worry too much about the transition. My home garden is doing really well, the cucumbers are growing and I am also trying to grow some herbs as well.", "I am envious of your garden. Every time I try to grow tomatoes they don't do so well, although I can grow radishes really well. As soon as I get settled into the new job I will be fine, its the before that stresses me out a little :)", "My father does all the soil mixing for the home garden. I didn't learn from him exactly what's in the soil mix. Maybe I can get some tips from him on how to grow tomatoes. I haven't seen the tomatoes yet so far in the garden because we just put the seed in not too long ago. ", "I would love to learn more about soil mix. I only have basic gardening skills, but I really enjoy it. I keep telling myself to invest more time growing my own food. What else do you grow in your garden?", "My daughter loves squash, so we have that going as well. I'm busy with the computer business nowadays, I just help my dad out once in a while in the garden. Do you have kids?", "Oh I love squash as well, especially in a nice creamy soup. No kids, just a bunch of cats, which makes me sound like a crazy cat lady, but I do adore them all. How are your dogs?", "Not crazy at all, everyone has their own preference--dogs or cats. One of my dogs recently bit the other one in the face while playing, I have to bring him to the vet to get it checked out tomorrow. I hope there is no serious injury there, at least I am not seeing any visible ones. ", "Oh sorry to hear that. It's always so hard with animals since they can't talk, its always sort of a guessing game on how they feel. I am always worried the cats will go a step to far when they play. Those nails are sharp. Are the dogs good with the kids?", "Oh yes, but they are not aggressive at all, just too excited while playing and exerted too much energy there. The dogs are very gentle with the kids. My dad trained the dogs really well when we got them."], "history_conv": [["Hi im rob one of my favorite things is to visit a zoo.", "Hello, rob, I am just a simple guy, I haven't been to a zoo.", "Did you grow up in the city? Im from the city.", "I actually live in a rural area with my three kids, and my dogs.", "Oh wow I have a cat that just had a kitten.", "I very much prefer dogs, but cats are a great asset to the industry I work in.", "Do you drink iced tea? I love iced tea.", "I don't drink iced tea, it could spill and short circuit my equipment.", "What color hair do you have I just cut and colored my hair black.", "My hair color is natural human brown, and I take pride in that.", "What do you do in your free time?", "I don't have much free time being owning a farm and running a computer business."], ["You wouldn't believe what my new kitten did the other day. I have to tell you.", "What did that little fur ball do?", "We were watching a show on tv. She kept hopping up and trying to get the birds on the screen. It was so funny!", "LOL! I bet her size make it even funnier. When my dogs try to catch something out of the TV, it looks more dangerous than funny. No cuteness whatsoever.", "haha I hope they don't break your tv! That's not something you have to worry about with cats.", "I mount our TV on the wall up high since the previous TV already fell victim for that. By the way, I thought cats have lots of kitten at once, how come yours only got one?", "Oh, she did have more than one, but the rest were given away to family and friends. I just kept the one.", "Ah, got it. I do hear taking care of little ones can be very exhausting. I got all my dogs after they pass their high-maintenance period.", "I love kittens, but they're a lot of work. Also, they're so small, they can easily get under and behind things and get stuck. I just don't have the time for more than my cat and her one kitten at the moment.", "True, kitten are too small, too many hazards around the house. My daughter like cats a lot and keep asking for a kitten. I'm afraid that a kitten will not survive a house with three kids and dogs.", "Yeah, you'd have to maybe keep it in one room that can be closed off until it gets bigger. That's what I'm doing now. When I'm not home, the mama and baby stay in my den. When I come home, I let them out. It keeps them out of trouble.", "I will wait until my daughter is older. She's just 7 now. Getting another pet will make my wife hate me since she ended up taking care all of them, my kids only want to play."], ["What kind of things do you grow on your farm?", "For selling we grow corn. We have a home garden for eating like tomatoes, peepers, squash and cucumbers.", "that's amazing! and probably such hard work. do you have to be up early every morning to tend to the crops?", "corn is easy to grow. at first it is hard work to get the fields ready by tilling and planting then you wait until you have to harvest it which is hard work.", "I bet. Do you do it all on your own or does your family help?", "it is a family farm. My father does most of the farming. My main job is I run a computer business.", "that's pretty cool. how did your dad feel about you leaving the family business?", "Nowadays the old time farmers are glad their kids are not farming. Farming is a lot of work with little money to show for.", "and it's hard on the body, too. injuries and strain. dp you ever wish you made a different choice?", "That is why i started my own computer business. But I do help with the farm when needed.", "What sorts of computer work do you do?", "It is related to farming. We provide computer services  to local farmers. I guess I cannot completely get away from farming afterall."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play tennis.", "I am from India. I moved to the US when I was a teenager.", "I like cooking. I am employed as a chef at a family-owned diner. I enjoy the reguolar customers that come in.", "I live in central New York. I hate cold weather.", "I own many hoodies. I like summertime in NY.", "I have never been to he Smokey Mountains. I live across the country from them. I would like to go there.", "I love the Catskills and the Delaware Water Gap. I grew up near the Poconos.", "I have a cousin attending Temple. I think Philadelphia is a cool city. I worked in Michigan for awhile."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy running.", "I am from Alaska. I live in Minnesota.", "I like grilling. I like steaks and burgers.", "I am a coder. I am a math major. I write math function computer code for Mathematica.", "I have a friend who lives in Indonesia. She came to visit me recently.", "My favorite nature spot is the Smokey Mountains. I live 5 hours from the Smokey Mountains. I go there 3 or 4 times per year.", "I went to college in Philadelphia. I visited the Poconos one winter. I went to LaSalle for college. I have a relative that works at Temple University. I found Philadelphia to be a bit of a culture shock, but I adapted and love it now. I have been to visit it several times."], "current_conv": ["My family is thinking of opening a second diner and having me run it! I would miss my regular customers but it would be an amazing challenge. ", "No way! That sounds like an amazing opportunity. Where would the new diner be located?", "A little bit to the North from the first one, it seems a good location, near a highway.", "Oh, I am sure that location will attract a lot of business. Will it be an exact replica of the existing diner, as in same name and same menu, etc.?", "We are trying the same thing so there will be savings, I think it is optimal, but I did not write the cost function to optimize it. Maybe you could help me ?", "Sure, I would love to. Maybe I can make a trip out to the existing diner to also get a feel for the business...but mainly to try the food!", "There will be lots of free food when  we will test our ovens and fryers. Do you want to come ?", "I thought you would never ask! What would you say is the most delicious item on your menu?", "We make our own chicken nuggets, with chicken thighs so they are juicy. It is the most popular dish. I could make a chicken burger  out if it ,just for you. ", "Just for me? I would be honored! I love a good french fry too, I bet you do those really well! ", "That is why we have a big fryers, goods fries are very popular and easy to make. They go very well with our steaks since we fry them in beef fat. ", "Wow! It doesn't sound the healthiest, but good for a treat every now and then. I cannot wait! When should I make the trip out to see you?"], "history_conv": [["Afternoon, how are you today?", "Good how are you?", "Exhausted I just got back from playing tennis. Do you like any sports?", "I enjoy going for runs. Where are you from?", "Originally india, but my family came to the us when I was a teen.", "Ahh thats cool, my parents and I are from alaska but now we live in minnesota.", "Anything interesting to do there?", "It's beautiful so definitely, but you have to be prepped for the cold. No shorts.", "Aw man, I would do horrible there then. Have any interesting hobbies?", "I enjoy grilling. I really like steaks and burgers. Yourself?", "When I can I cook, and I love making new dishes. What a coincidence!", "Yeah that is cool! What do you do? I am a coder."], ["What do you write code for?", "I'm a math major. I write codes for math functions as a hobby to be submitted to Mathematica.", "That's pretty cool! What an interesting job. I work as a chef in a restaurant.", "I wouldn't call that a job, won't pay my rent, more like for a sense of accomplishment. What restaurant are you working at?", "It's a small, family-owned restaurant. More like a diner. The food is great and seeing regular customers is fun.", "What state are you at? I should go visit your restaurant sometime.", "I'm in central New York. Come on over! We have good, homestyle food.", "I will visit when I go to New York next time! I was afraid it will be further south since you said you hate the cold. How are you coping with NY winter?", "Eh, the winter's are pretty bad. I wasn't prepared for that at all. I turn the heat up and have a lot of blankets. I mostly go outside for work and food. haha", "I cannot relate to that but I can understand a little. My friend from Indonesia came to visit me last winter and she kept wearing 5 layers of clothing every time we go outside.", "Yeah, that sounds like me in the winter. I have a lot of hoodies. haha The summers here are nice, though! There are a lot of interesting places to go.", "Any recommendation for places to visit in NY? I prefer places close to nature so I have no idea where to go when visiting big city like NY."], ["What's your favorite nature place to go?", "My favorite nature spot is the Smokey Mountains.  They are about 5 hours from me and I go 3-4 times a year.  Its so beautiful.  Have you ever been?", "that sounds lovely. I haven't been! I live across the country but would love to go someday. Which states are the Smokeys in?", "They run through TN and NC.  Absolutely breathtaking views, I highly recommend a visit if you ever get the chance.  What nature spots do you enjoy?", "Will do! I love the Catskills here in NY, and also the Delaware Water Gap. Both are great for hiking in the summer. Have you ever been to the east coast?", "Yes, I went to college in Philadelphia!  I visited the Poconos one winter.", "that's so cool! that's right near where I grew up. it's pretty. Did you go to Temple for college?", "No I went to LaSalle.  But I have a relative that works at Temple!", "ah that's cool; my cousin is attending temple now! Lasalle is a great school too. Did you enjoy your college years there?", "Yes I really did. Philadelphia is a far cry from what I am used to so it was a bit of culture shock but I adapted well and loved it.  I've been back to visit several times.", "It's a cool city. But the midwest is very different! I worked in Michigan for awhile and it felt very different from NY or PA", "Yes its crazy how different areas can be, like youre in a whole different world!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm 40 years old. I am a single mom. I live with my sister. I live with two children, a son and a daughter. My sister watches my children for me.", "I am a landlord. My tenants pay me on time. I take care of many people in my home.", "I like movies.", "I like running. I like to listen to the song Zombie while I run.", "I think yoga is boring. The music puts me to sleep. I like to run a mile or so each day outside. I don't run on a treadmill if I can help it. I enjoy fast-paced music.", "I have a son that plays soccer. I have a daughter that does gymnastics.", "I have narrow feet. Brooks running shoes are my favorite.", "I haven't seen any good movies lately. I am currently watching Bewitched. I enjoy watching Bewitched.", "I have considered getting a lab or a golden retriever.", "The area where I live is very hot."], "partner_persona": ["I have two daughters.", "I have a cat and a dog. I like my dog more than my cat.", "I majored in Psychology in college.", "I like running. I run average 2-3 miles every day.", "I don't like the song Zombie. I have a gluten intolerance. My gluten intolerance is made worse with dairy.", "I like EDM and Metal music. Music motivates me when I run. Brooks are my favorite type of running shoes.", "I have a lab pit mix named Bently. I got him when a friend was giving away puppies. I like to run with my dog. He pees a lot when e first start running.", "I avoid the gym because of the distance. The gym doesn't allow dogs.", "Labs are my favorite type of dog. I have a dog named Bently who doesn't do well in the heat.", "Back in Black by ACDC is my favorite motivational metal song.", "I haven't seen any good movies lately. I recently watched a show I liked called Run.", "The area where I live is extremely hot."], "current_conv": ["I finally saw a good movie! It's not new, but I absolutely loved it, it was called Time Bandits. I have no idea how I didn't see it when I was a kid!", "I haven't seen that movie before.  What was the movie about?", "It's a famous time traveling movie written by two of the guys from Monty Python. It's about time travel as seen through the eyes of a boy. I think you'd like it. ", "Sounds interesting.  I might just check it out.  Movies and music are my hobbies.  I like Metal, do you have a favorite music genre?", "I like to listen to most types of music, mostly top 40s pop from the last 20 years is what I listen to the most. Who is your favorite metal group?", "ACDC easily, they're just incredible.  I put them on whenever I go for a run with my dog Bentley.  What else do you listen to on your daily run besides Zombie?", "A very eclectic set of music. I have everything from Lady Gaga to Nirvana. Anything up-tempo is good. Speaking of running, did you already get yours in for the day?", "Yes, but the heels to my running shoes are wearing thin.  I need to get myself a new pair of Brooks.  I've had my current ones for almost two years now, they're awesome.", "They are, but they're so expensive. But they are worth it. Definitely.", "Definitely worth it.  So where do you usually get your runs in?  I hate running on treadmills too.  I like the outside open air although it can get a bit hot around my area.", "For me it's always outside, unless the weather is just awful. I can't stand running inside. It completely ruins the experience for me. ", "True.  You should definitely consider getting yourself a dog to run with.  They are a great companion and a great source of motivation."], "history_conv": [["Im a 40 year old single mom,with a sister I live with.", "Sounds a lot like my family I have 2 daughters.", "Yeah I also have a son and daughter lotta people under this roof.", "Me too. I have a cat and dog but I like the dog better.", "I have tenants who pay on time so that helps.", "Im glad I majored in psych, helps me deal this these animals.", "Yeah I like to escape with a good movie.", "I prefer a good long run.", "I like to do that my self,while listening to zombie.", "Im not a fan, it flares up my gluten intolerance.", "Really the #1 song on itunes flares up your gluten intolerance,lol.", "Yes, especially when ive had some dairy."], ["Do you listen to music when you run?", "Yes!  Usually EDM or Metal.  Something fast to motivate me!", "I love both styles of music too! That's why I can never get into yoga. The music is too tranquil and boring. I need something fast when I run. How far do you normally run?", "totally agree sitting still that long with that music makes it feel like forever.  I try and do 2-3 miles a day.  How for do you normally run?", "I normally am happy if I can get one mile in, but it's so hard with taking care of all the people in my house! I really like running outside too, not a treadmill. Do you go the gym much?", "I dont go to the gym ever, its too far away and I cant ruin with my dog.  Does your sister watch your kids when you run?", "Yeah, actually she does. She's really good with them. I try to get my kids involved but they hate running. Does you dog like going for runs then?", "He loves them, but the 1st quarter mile he has to mark everything  after that he is fine", "That's awesome! At least he gets with the program eventually. What kind of dog is he? What's his name?", "His name is bently and he is a lab pit mix.  the sweetest dog!", "He sounds like a great dog! I have thought about getting a dog for the kids, but don't know if I'd have the time to take care of everything I need too. I know they would love it though. Do you get him from a shelter?", "no, a friend had puppies that she was giving away so we lucked into it."], ["What's your favorite Metal tune for motivational purposes?", "I like ac dc back in black. Do your son and daughter play and sports?", "Yes my son is playing soccer and my daughter just started gymnastics. Did you go for a run today?", "I sure did, every day i do about 2-3 miles. What running shoes are your favorite?", "I have narrow feet so I like Brooks running shoes. What about you?", "That's very cool, I also only use Brooks. Have you seen any good movies lately?", "I have not. But I started watching the old TV show Bewitched. Its pretty good so far. Have you seen any good movies lately?", "I haven't either, but I did watch a good tv show on the plane, it was called Run, it's a HBO show. If you were to get a dog what kind would you get?", "Probably a golden retriever or a lab. They are such good family dogs. How is Bently doing? Is he running ok in the warmer weather?", "I love labs. It is tough for Bently in the summer heat. I have to put socks on his feet or else it will burn. Is it hot where you live?", "Oh poor doggie, but thats a great idea. Yes its been around 100 degrees. My kids are playing in the sprinkler a lot.", "Yeah it's is going to get up to 106 here. Do you have a big lawn for the kids to play in?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My husband gave me a Jeep Wrangler.", "I love to go to the gym.", "My husband is a lawyer.", "I am a vegan. I am not rich.", "My life is stable and not full of surprises.", "My life is relaxed but not boring.", "I prefer to have a plan.", "I do not have any children. I would like a little girl.", "I found a resort that was a 2 1/2 hour drive. I drove there and my husband was the passenger. At the resort, we got some massages, pedicures, hung out in the hot tub and napped a lot.", "I prefer my trips planned out and organized."], "partner_persona": ["I now own a car. I will be 29 next week.", "I'm going out of town for spring break.", "My hair is blue.", "I am not a responsible person. I like to be spontaneous.", "I usually go out of town without any plan at all.", "I went to Chena Hot Springs once.", "I like naps. I just returned from an unplanned trip to Florida. My friends and I went to Disney.", "I always make unplanned trips because it's so much more fun.For trips, I just like to get up and go."], "current_conv": ["Do you color your hair different colors a lot or do you like to stick with blue?", "I usually just leave it blue. I chose this color when I was in high school and stuck with it. It would probably be hard to recognize me if I kept changing my hair's color.", "Wow, that's really impressive that you have been that consistent since high school! I am thinking about changing my hair color to red. Do you think I should just go for it? Or should I make sure that my husband thinks it's a good idea first?", "I think you should just go for it. What color is your hair now? My hair used to be brown. ", "My hair is dirty-blonde right now. I used to dye it completely black when I was in college though. I think I might get it colored now to kind of mix things up a bit before I decide to have a child soon. ", "I like hair that is dirty-blonde. Every year for about a month, I'll wash the blue out of my hair, then add some new fresh blue coloring to it. If I had a child, my lifestyle would need to change dramatically.", "I'm sure it's super satisfying to have that fresh blue color though! Yeah, they really hurt your ability to be spontaneous. Do you think you'll ever decide to have kids of your own someday? ", "If I do, I better decide soon. I'm almost 30 years old. Have you ever dyed your hair? I dyed my hair for the first time in high school as a dare from a friend.", "I used to dye it black, but I've never gone for any of the more interesting colors. I actually had my hair dyed black when I first met my husband, so I think he would probably like it if I surprised him with a new color.", "I'm sorry, I meant to ask when was the first time you dyed your hair. I bet he would like that. Sometimes in high school I felt that my brown colored hair was boring. I sometimes imagined what it would be like if I had dirty-blonde or red hair in high school.", "I first started when I was in my late teens. I do wish I would have started earlier though. I agree that it probably would have been cool to have colored hair in high school. I wasn't confident enough yet though.", "I was considering getting braids, and maybe putting my head in a pony tail. Those are hairstyles I have never tried. Some of my male friends in high school had mohwaks."], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing?", "Great! Just got a car from my mom for my 29th b-day next week! You?", "Nice, I have a jeep wrangler, my husband gave it to me 2 years ago.", "Sweet! Go anywhere cool with it?", "Just for my errands and to go to the gym, I love to go there.", "I'll be using mine to leave town for spring break!!! Are you buff?", "Nice, I wish I could have a spring break but I have a lawyer as husband.", "New blue hair, new easter weekend dress...i'm good to go! Are you rich?", "I am not rich but I eat vegan like rich people, are you rich?", "Haha no way! I'm not terribly responsible lol. I envy stable sounding lives like yours.", "It sounds better than it is, I like it that way, no surprises lol.", "I like being spontaneous, but that can lead to drama lol. I bet your life's chill.", "Super relaxed and stable, I am glad it is not to the boring point yet.", "Gotta keep it spiced up somehow! You should try blue hair lol xd."], ["Something new...my husband came home from work one day and says he wants to go away for the weekend. I'm trying to figure out where to go. I'm really looking forward to it. I'll let you know where we end up going.", "Is your husband an adventurous type? I'm looking forward for hearing your plan. I usually go out of town without any plan at all.", "Not so much. I really wonder what he could have in mind.", "Do you guys have children? Trip without clear planning will be a challenge if you do.", "No, we've been thinking about it, but we haven't quite decided to yet. I think it would be nice to have a little girl.", "Yep, better to go to may trips while you can. My older sister always complaining that having her little kids has prevented her to ever go for a trip.", "I think it'd be nice to bring our child with us to some places, but I'm sure it'd be more difficult too. Now that I think about, I think my husband mentioned going to a hot springs resort not too long ago. I bet that's what he has in mind.", "Oh, that's sound nice. I went to Chena Hot Springs one, it was a very good experience.", "Yes, I think it would be quite romantic too. I'm really looking forward to this now!", "I hope you have a good time! Are there any hot spring resort nearby where you live? Too bad it's only for a weekend.", "Not that I know of. I think it'd take at least a couple of hours to reach one. It will be quite a trip. I hope we'll get to see some good sights along the way.", "You can always be spontaneous on the road and extend the trip! haha. Hope your husband not too busy to do that."], ["I found a resort that was a two and a half hour drive. I did the driving and my husband was nice a relaxed when we got there.", "That sounds awesome. Did you guys have a good time while you were there?", "We did, it was so relaxing and nice to be together for a weekend.", "That is great. Always great to have time alone and relax. What all did you guys do?", "We got some massages, pedicures, hung out in the hot tub and napped a lot.", "Naps are always great. I like naps. I just got back from unplan trip to Flordia. My friends and I went to Disney", "Wow, unplanned to Disney World? That's nuts, were you super stressed with it?", "No, my trips are always unplanned. It makes things so more fun for me.", "Oh goodness, that would make me crazy, lol. I like to plan everything out and keep it organized.", "A lot of people are like that. I just always been one for just going.", "I think if you can do that and still keep your life in order, it sounds like a lot of fun. We all have to do things differently", "Yes, I agree next everyone can just do it like that. Most people need to be organized. But since I have to be that one in the rest of life I choose my trips to be the one things I just go for."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am looking for a new line of work. I used to be an accountant. I want to be an entrepreneur.", "I plan to open a bar. I want to socialize more.", "My dog is named Rhaegar. My dog is an Alsatian. I bought my dog when he was a puppy.", "I make blueprints. I hope to open a new bar by the end of the summer. I would rather work in a bar than I would work in an office cubicle.", "I typically work in accounting, which I find boring. If my new bar fails, I plan to go back to accounting.", "I believe in luck and good-luck charms."], "partner_persona": ["My house is in the countryside.", "I like to ride horses. My horse is a rescue, and her name is Anna. My horse is white with black peacock spots. I love my horse, even though she is sometimes difficult."], "current_conv": ["I'm looking for new employees for my bar. I need other bartenders and maybe some security. I'm wondering where I should search for employees. Let me know if you know anyone who might be interested.", "For security, you should look for off-duty police officers.  I know a few police officers that might be interested.  I will give them your email.", "That is a great idea thanks so much. Now I just need to put some good luck charms all around the place.", "Be sure to have a horseshoe hung over the entrance.  My grandfather had one that he put over his front door in every house he owned.  What other charms are you looking at using?", "I already do! My grams told me to do the same thing! I wanted to use a few clovers that I found, and maybe some of my favorite crystals hidden around the place.", "Clovers are great as well.  What about a couple lucky rabbits' feet to hang behind the bar?  ", "You were reading my mind, literally! Enough about me, what about you, how have you and your horse been?", "Ok I guess.  She is being really difficult about getting re-shoed.  She kicked the guy I had come in to put new shoes on her.  He will not come back and he is now the third person she has kicked.  I am concerned I won't be able to get people to work with her soon!  ", "Oh goodness I hope he was alright! That does sound frustrating, is there anyway you could do it, since she has learned to trust you a bit more than strangers?", "I may have to try.  I have never had to do it before.  Maybe if I get someone to help me do it that would work.  I will give that a try this weekend.  If she kicks me though, I don't know how I will react.  I am afraid it would make me reluctant to even ride her again.", "That sounds like a plan. I am not shy to animal bad behavior though, I will have to send my pup to doggy boarding school because I don't have the time for training myself.", "I wish there was a boarding school for horses.  Maybe I should start one as a new career!  I am not sure I have the patience to do that though.  Oh well, I will continue to work with her.  When does your dog start boarding school?  "], "history_conv": [["Hi are you waiting for me? Was out looking at the ocean.", "Yeah I am here with my parent starring at the beach afar.", "Trying to decide on a new career.", "Okay I wil advice you to follow your heart. We have a very large family here.", "Okay being an accountant was dull work.", "You can try get some hobbies like riding horses like I do.", "Okay no hobbies except my dog who is the best friend.", "I am planning to leave here soon, most like to my own house.", "I am trying to learn how to be an entrepreneur.", "It is easier to start a business in the country side.", "Oh never thought about that..", "That is where I bought my house.", "I need to learn how to freelance. Any ideas?", "Google is your best teacher on stuff like this."], ["I've decided to open a bar! I'm drawing up a rough business plan now.", "Oh that's cool! What made you decide to open up a bar?", "I want to go into a new line of work. Something that helps me socialize would be perfect for me. Fortunately, opening a bar meets that need.", "That sounds great! It's good to socialize. Riding horses kinda fills that need for me. It's not with humans, but there's still a bond, you know?", "I definitely understand you. I sometimes get that feeling with my dog. Do you have a personal horse?", "Yes I do! She's a rescue, which makes our bond all the more special and important. Her name is Anna. What's your dog's name?", "My dog's name is Rhaegar. He was named after Daenerys Targaryean's brother in Game of Thrones.", "That's a really cool name! Is he a certain breed?", "Yeah. He is Alsatian. What color is Anna? Is she white? White horses are beautiful", "Nice! She's white with black peacock spots, so she kinda looks like a dalmatian :) Did you adopt Rhaegar?", "I bought him when he was just a puppy.", "Cute! Is he really well-behaved then? Anna can be difficult sometimes. But I love her anyway."], ["I'm almost finished drawing up the plans for the bar I want to open.", "That is awesome! How much time do you think it\u2019ll be before the grand opening?!", "My time line is end of Summer but that maybe too ambitious.", "Well all the very best! I\u2019m so happy you\u2019re finally going to be doing something you love... bye bye boring accounting days lol", "I hear you. but at least I know how to manage the books. And if the bar fails I have something to go back too, :(", "Hey, just stay positive... I\u2019m sure the bar is going to be a rocking hit :) but you\u2019re right, it\u2019s good to have a safety net! Do let me know if I can help out in any way...", "Thanks for the encouragement. I realized I need good luck. I wonder If I can get a horseshoe from you for good luck.", "You got it! I have just the thing.... now I don\u2019t have to think about a gift ;)", "it can be any horseshoe laying, around that you no longer need. I can hang it up over the cash register.", "Only the best for you, my friend! I\u2019m sure Anna won\u2019t mind :) It is so exciting.... I love that you will be able to socialize while making a living- the perfect combo!", "I heard Anna is very possessive over her shoes, lol. But that is why I am excited about the bar, I want to be around people instead of hiding in a office cubicle.", "Actually she is... lol... good thing there\u2019s plenty for her to be generous, especially to bring good luck to a friend\u2019s new bar!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just moved to a new city.", "I have two older brothers.", "My father owned a farm. I helped my father on the farm.", "I love to drive for long periods.", "I have a job interview on Monday. I am anxious about finding the place. I am good at interviews as long as I keep calm. I think job searching right now is not enjoyable. I am interviewing for project coordinator for a charity.", "I am preparing for an interview and had a friend role play it with me. I stayed calm mostly because it was a fake interview. My interview is in 2 days and I'm pretty nervous. I wish I had a government job.", "I love watching horror movies with people that get more scared than me.", "When I'm working, I just think about vacations and the past when I worked on my dad's farm."], "partner_persona": ["I have an easy job with the government. I have been working at my job with the government for 15 years now. I wouldn't say I enjoy my job. But I wouldn't say it is bad. I wish my job was more rewarding.", "I am a good housepainter.", "I have two kids.", "I help produce horror movies with my father. Horror movies are my favorite.", "I like to take naps.", "I like to be a passenger on a long drives. I know how to drive but don't drive much.", "I am normally alright with interviews.", "I don't love my job, but it pays the bills. Since I like to paint, I kind of wish I would work in interior design, but it doesn't pay enough.", "I help produce horror movies with my dad. My sister hates horror movies. We make horror movies as a hobby, not major films. We are content making the smaller movies."], "current_conv": ["If you were an interior designer, what style would you design in? ", "I definitely prefer mid-century design. Something like the first season of Mad Men, that kind of look. How about you? What do you prefer?", "I love mid-century design as well, and I love the show Mad Men.  Definitely one of my favorite shows of all time.", "Yeah, Mad Men is great. I re-watch it every 2 years or so. It would be fascinating to be able to time travel back to that time for a few days and really live in the moment back then. ", "For sure.  Shows and movies are my favorite past time.  I love horror movies.  I think it's so cool you make horror movies with your dad.  How do you come up with the plot to your movies?", "We have a lot of weird, creative conversations. We always have in my family. We used to write parts of stories and then swap them half-way through so that the other person could take over the story and add different creative elements to it. That's honestly how we still come up with some of our ideas.", "That's terrific!  Have you seen any good horror movies recently?  Personally, I prefer the classics like Halloween or Friday the 13th.", "Yes, we watch a lot of horror movies in our family. Our favorite right now is the Conjuring series of films and their spin-offs. The newest one just came out and it was ok. Have you seen any horror movies lately?", "Yes, but just the classics like I mentioned.  I'm not too keen on the modern ones, they just don't make them like they used to.  Who knows, maybe one day I'll be watching your creation in the theatres.", "That would be great, but alas, I think my work is only destined to ever exist on Youtube. lol! How are you feeling about Monday's interview?", "Nervous, but I'm prepared.  I really hope I get it.  But honestly though, I wish I have a government job like you.", "It's both good and bad. It's like having tenure as a college professor. You are very unlikely to be fired, but you don't feel very fulfilled because you're just a drone in a huge bureaucracy. "], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how was your day?", "It was good, I have a cushy government job and took a nap during work.", "Thats very good I just moved to a new city.", "That's good, do you need someone to paint your house? I'm pretty good at painting.", "I dont need I have two older brother that can help me with it.", "Well, my two kids help and I bet we could finish the job faster.", "I do help my father too in the farm back in the days.", "I helped my father produce horror movies. That's why they are my favorite.", "Oh really tell me what is your hobby.", "Mostly taking naps and painting. You?", "I love driving alot I can drive 1000 miles without taking water.", "I prefer to be the passenger and nap through those 1000 miles.", "Lol you are very funny can you drive?", "I can drive, but I usually let my two kids do the driving.."], ["I just got a call from a place where I put in a job application. I have an interview on Monday! Now if I can only find the place...I haven't been out and about much since I've been here.", "That is awesome news, I hope it goes well. Are you normally good at interviews?", "Thanks! In general as long as I keep calm I'm alright at them, though I have had a couple of interviews in the past where they asked me questions I hadn't prepared for and I got very flustered! What about you, are you good at interviews?", "Ah but they do ask questions that they know you can not answer, it is part of the interview. I am normally alright with interviews.", "Yea you're right, they probably want to see how well the candidate can answer unexpected things under pressure. Is your job with the government still going well? I can't remember how long you've worked there now.", "That is exactly that they are looking for. Just be calm and never panic. Yes still going well. Can you believe I have been there 15 years!", "Oh wow I hadn't realised it was over a decade! It's great that you've found a job that you enjoy and want to stay at. I can assure you that job searching at the moment is not enjoyable! Do you have to work as part of a big team or is it more independant projects?", "Well not sure I enjoy it lots, its not bad but enjoy is a strong word. Just think though your searches may already be done,", "Haha yes, \"enjoy\" is probably a rare word to use about a job. I really hope I get the role, it'll be nice to settle into the new city knowing I have money coming in soon!", "What was the role for again?", "It's a project coordinator role for a charity. I'd love to be a project manager one day, though I know it can be very stressful at times making sure everything stays on budget!", "Sounds like it would be rewarding. I wish mine was more rewarding."], ["I got a friend to role play the interview with me.", "That's awesome. How did it go? Were you able to stay calm? When is your actual interview?", "Yeah i stayed calm because its a fake interview. My interview is 2 days from now i'm pretty nervous hope i dont screw it. I wish i had a government job like yours", "You'll do great! Don't sweat it too much. Eh, you know I don't love my job, but it pays the bills. I kind of wish I could work in interior design since I like painting. But THAT wouldn't pay the bills.", "Yeah i know that feeling the things we have passion wont help us in terms of money, but producing horror movies i'm sure you love that job, all people love horror movies", "That's not true, haha! My sister hates them! She won't get anywhere near us when my dad is working on a film.", "I love watching horror movies with those people i would feel a little better as they are more scared than me. Have you worked in big budget hollywood horror movies", "No, my dad is kind of small potatoes. If he hears about a good project, he'll work with it, but he's never been on a major film. It's more of a side hobby than an actual career for him.", "Seems like a good hobby i wish you would grow big to produce movies like the conjuring", "You never know! It's possible if he gets himself attached to a big-budget script. But for now we're content with smaller projects. At least it gives him more free time to fish!", "Ah yes you wont realize the free time you have when you are jobless, when working all i think is about the vacation i could go back to the days of working on my dad's farm", "Well, I think there's truth to the old saying that the green is always greener on the other side. We always want what we don't have! Kind of sad, really."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have daughters.", "I own my own business. I do my own taxes.", "I need an accountant.", "I like to go to karaoke bars. I enjoy singing classics on karaoke nights. I was offered a karaoke gig for Saturday night. My favorite song to perform for karaoke is Frank Sinatra's My Way.", "I have a simple financial situation.", "My oldest daughter is almost done with high school and will soon be off to college. I'm looking for an accountant. My daughter needs items for college.", "I prefer shopping at physical stores."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have any children. I live in an a child-free apartment building.", "I live where I do for a tax write-off. I am an accountant. I wish I could write off dates on my taxes. I do corporate taxes mostly.", "I run for relaxation. I eat high-protein foods.", "I charge reasonable prices for my services.", "My favorite singer is sufjan stevens.", "I am a fan of Sufjan Stevens.", "I sometimes do karaoke when I go out on a date.", "Going to the mall induces stress in me.", "I haven't any children. I would like a dog. I prefer larger dogs over smaller dogs."], "current_conv": ["Have you found any help with the tax situation?", "Not yet! It was stressing me out too much, so I decided to take a much needed break. I rented out a lakeside cottage for a week so I am just relaxing and enjoying life at the moment.", "That sounds very calming. Especially with a Sufjan Stevens sound track in the background. :) Are you getting to run at the cottage?", "Yes, definitely! It's mostly forest terrain but I am getting some good hikes in. Just me and my earbuds and Sufjan Stevens! I mean how much better could life get? Are you planning on any getaways this summer?", "I'm taking my kids to New York next month, one last hurrah before the oldest leaves for college.", "Oh that will be fun! What items are on your must-see list in New York? Have you and your kids ever been before?", "I've been, but not with the kids. We'll do the zoo in central park, walk the--i think it's called the highland?--the old railroad track that's been turned into a path through manhatten. And of course a broadway show", "Oh, I have heard about that railroad track but have never seen it myself. It sounds really cool! Your kids will love it. Do you know which broadway show you will see? I haven't been in a long time, but I used to love watching musicals.", "I'm debating right now between Fiddler on the Roof and Wicked. Unfortunately everyone wants to see a different show.", "I suppose everyone has different tastes, but I don't think you could go wrong with either of those choices. I must admit that I am partial to Wicked. I have seen it twice, and I get chills every time! The soundtrack is incredible.", "I also imagine the clockwork dragon is very, very cool in a Broadway show", "Super cool! I think your kids would love it. They must be so excited for the trip, and I am sure it will be great family bonding time. "], "history_conv": [["Hey! Do you have any children?", "None but I did move to a child free apartment building..", "Oh wow... Why? I have daughters so I guess we wouldn't be welcome at yours.", "Tax write off. Thank goodness it's the end of tax season.", "True. I have to file my taxes alone as I own my own company. It's a pain.", "Wow as an accountant, I can tell you, too many schedules.", "Oh! I am actually looking for an accountant. Take the hard work off my hands..", "For sure, I run to relax so I can eat lots of high protein foods.", "Great. How much do you charge?.", "Oh, I am reasonable. We charge by how many schedules you have.", "Ok sounds good. We should keep in touch. Im usually out at the karaoke bare.", "You like music? Ever hear about sufjan stevens, my favorite.", "Never. I do enjoy singing classics at the karaoke nights though.", "Now that's a different thing to do."], ["I got a call from the karaoke bar and they asked me if I wanted to perform and be the MC for karaoke night on Saturday! It sounds like fun so I think I'll accept.", "What is your favorite song to perform?", "I'd say Frank Sinatra's My Way is my favorite one to perform. Do you like that song?", "That is a great song.  I am a fan of sufjan stevens myself", "I'm unfamiliar with Sufjan Stevens. What kind of music does this person sing?", "He does a lot of collaborations with other singers.  His first hit was a sun comes", "I see. Maybe I'll check his music out sometime. Do you enjoy karaoke bars or singing in general?", "Sometimes when I go out for a date.  But sometimes I wish I can write off dates in my taxes.  Do you know if I can write them off?", "I'm not sure. I do my own taxes, but my financial situation is pretty simple so I can't say for sure. Maybe some of your coworkers might know?", "Sure.  I do corporate taxes mostly so I will ask around with some acquaintances.  How are your girls doing?", "They're growing up fast. My oldest is almost done with high school. Pretty soon she'll be off to college. I can't believe it", "Maybe sone day she will be doing karaoke at a bar when she turns 21.  Does she like Karaoke like you?"], ["Did you think of a way to write off your dates on your taxes?", "Not yet, but I've still been investigating the possibilities. Any suggestions?", "There will be information out their online. I am sure you can find out what you need. Are their people at work that can help you?", "I guess there are some people I could ask at work. I'll ask around and see. So how is the hunt for an account?", "I am still hunting for a decent accountant. One with no frills. I have been busy preparing my daughter for college recently that I haven't spent that much time looking. Would you believe she needs a million things for college?", "I can imagine! At least you can probably order most things online, right? Or do you prefer shopping in store?", "Inside definitely. Online is just too much stress. Very hard to really understand quality online. We just went to one shop and picked up most of the stuff there.", "I guess that makes sense, but sometimes I find it really stressful to be at the mall. So how does your daughter feel about going off to college? Is she ready?", "Yes, I think so as much as she can be really. She needs to learn to be independent now. Do you think you want to have children someday?", "That's true, it's an important step in everyone's life. I'm not sure if I could handle the responsibility of children, but maybe a dog would be nice..", "Yes a dog would be a good warm up. What breed would you get?", "I'm not sure. Probably a big breed though because I usually don't like really small dogs. Do you think that would prepare me for a child?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I celebrate easter.", "I am currently in school. I have schoolwork over spring break.", "I have blue hair.", "My birthday is next week. Someone got me a car.", "I am good at writing.", "I don't like ice cream. My favorite dessert is chocolate chip cookies. I have a father who makes me cookies sometimes. I think milk and cookies are very enjoyable. German Chocolate cake is my favorite dessert.", "My mom would make birthday cakes for me when I was a child.", "I enjoy cooking out."], "partner_persona": ["I own a business.", "I have black hair. I love chocolate ice cream.", "I enjoy reading.", "My father was in the military.", "I have schoolwork that sometimes is too much.", "I have never had chocolate chip cookies. I have eaten a cookie before. I want to try a chocolate chip cookie.", "My father is in the military.", "I like to eat cookies. I own a microwave.", "I tease people for fun.", "Chocolate ice cream is my favorite. I like German Chocolate cake. I love coconut-pecan frosting. I am a grown up."], "current_conv": ["I had a very nice birthday last week.  My friends came over and we had a cookout and a German Chocolate cake for dessert that my mom made for me. ", "Happy Belated Birthday! How old are you now?", "Thank you!  I am now 22 years old. Hey have you tried a chocolate chip cookie yet?", "I almost did when I ordered pizza earlier but I went with the big brownie.  It's got chocolate chips in it so I'm getting closer.lol", "That's funny, I only asked because my mom made me a huge chocolate chip cookie for my birthday and I thought of you.  It was really good.  Although I missed having the German chocolate cake she usually makes.", "I'm going to order groceries tomorrow.  I'll add some to my cart and get back to you.  Do you have any good brands to recommend?", "No ! Don't buy them .... You have to make them from scratch!  Use the receipt on the back of the Nestle chocolate chip bag - it really is perfect. ", "Okay okay.  I'll have to figure out all the other ingredients I'll need.  I'm not much of a cook thought so this might not go well.", "I think you should give it a try, although you're right, there are a lot of ingredients in the recipe.  I know I don't usually have everything I need.  ", "I'll make it happen but honestly food tastes better when someone else makes it so you should just send me some cookies instead.lol", "I agree with you about food tasting better when someone. else makes it, but not when I make it. LOL!!", "Well it's a good thing your mom made the cookies then.  You lived to see 22 so her cooking must be pretty good.lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello, I am excited for easter!", "I am too! I have a small business and we do egg hunts.", "Wow, that sounds amazing. I just bought a dress for the event.", "I bet it's pretty. What do you do for work?", "I went back to school, I am student.", "What do you major in?", "Cosmetology, I want to color peoples hair, mine is blue.", "I just colored mine black. I love chocolate ice cream.", "Yum, are you doing anything for spring break?", "Nothing planned, curl up with a good book. Lol.", "Cool, next week is my birthday.", "Well happiest of birthdays to you~! :).", "Thank you, my got me a car.", "My father was in the military and he has a thing for cars."], ["I was assigned so much school work during spring break!", "Wow! That must be really stressful for you. How are you able to cope with that?", "It's mostly writing, which I'm good at so it shouldn't be that hard! It's just a lot of work!", "I totally understand you. When I feel weighed down due to too much work, I usually go out to get some chocolate ice cream. It helps put me at ease. Try it, it might help relieve you of the stress.", "Sadly, I don't like ice cream. My favorite dessert is chocolate chip cookies!", "Chocolate chip cookies? I have never had one of those. How does it taste like?", "They are sweet and chocolatey! Have you ever had any type of cookie?", "Yeah. I guess I have. But I don't think I'll be able to recall the name of the cookie. My father used to bring some cookies when ever he comes home from the military.", "That's nice of him! My father sometimes makes me cookies when I get home from school!", "That's just cute and wonderful. Is he going to get you cookies for your birthday next week?", "Yes he is! He will be making chocolate chip cookies! I am very excited!", "Wow! That's just super exciting. I'll love to have a taste of this chocolate chip cookie. I hope it is as fantastic as you make it sound"], ["I have the cookies if you still want one.", "Yes, I'd love to try one.  How do you suggest I eat it?  With milk or ice cream?  Should I warm it in the microwave?", "I think you should pour yourself a cold glass of milk and enjoy the cookie.  Its very rich and sweet, I think you will really like it.", "That sounds great.  I think I'll do that.  I was teasing about the ice cream anyway because I know you don't like it!", "Yeah, I know its odd, everyone pokes fun at me for it.  What is your favorite dessert?", "Well I think chocolate ice cream is my absolute favorite.  But other than that, I'd probably say a German chocolate cake.  Have you ever tried that?", "That is my absolute favorite!!  Its soooo good.  Im surpised you said that because its not a favorite of too many peopel.", "Yes, it's sort of a well-kept secret in some respects.  But I absolutely love coconut-pecan frosting.  When I was a child I would usually have a German chocolate cake as my birthday cake.", "Same with me, it was always my request.  SOmetimes my mom would make the frosting from scratch on the stove top and sometimes she would just get the canned icing.  Both are good.", "Your birthday must be just a day or so away at this point.  What all do you have planned?", "Im having some friends over for a cookout and sleepover!", "That sounds really fun!  I hope you have a great time.  What's on the menu for the cookout?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My sister and I love baseball. I like baseball more than football.", "I am a Red Sox fan. I live in New England.", "I'm a truck driver. I've been a truck driver for a while. I fish to make extra money. I enjoy my job.", "I don't own any gold. I own some bitcoin.", "I have a sister who drives for DoorDash. My sister doesn't get paid very much.", "I invested in Dogecoin a long time ago. I sold all my Dogecoin.", "I lived on a farm growing up. I played baseball as a child."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Minnesota. I love the Minnesota Twins.", "I am a dentist. I've been a dentist for 14 years.", "My favorite investment is in gold.", "I have an identical twin sister who is a freelance graphic designer.", "I am more interested in science than art. I am an investor. I'm interested in making side income. I am looking for a side job.  I think Crypto currency is bad for the environment and hurts stocks. I am considering apply to DoorDash.", "I like to gamble.", "I like Tom Brady I enjoy watching professional baseball.  I like the Seattle Mariners baseball team. I like the Seattle Seahawks football team.", "I played baseball as a child. I was a pitcher when I was in little league."], "current_conv": ["Did you ever do any gambling on the pro sports teams? I bet that you could make a good side income by placing a few good bets. ", "I have bet on Tom Brady winning, how about you?", "Well that was a good bet on your part. No I've never been in to gambnling much", "I probably shouldn't because you lose more than you win most times. How is the bitcoin going?", "Well you know how that is, it's up then it's down.It's better than that dogecoin ever was.What is gold looking like latelt?", "It's doing really well.  i want to get some more. ", "I guess gold will never go out of style. I would say thats a good move. Did you ever look in to applying at Doordash?", "I thought about it, but just been watching some baseball lately.  How's the Red Sox doing?", "Ive been on the road a lot so haven't been keeping yp with it, which reminds me. I'll be driving through Minnisota next week, I was going to stop in say hi.", "Maybe you can see the next game with me when they play the Sox.", "I could do that. maybe I'll make my delivery first then I'll have time to stay a couple days.", "That sounds great!  I wish you luck on your deliveries."], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you?", "Good! My sister and I are twins. Do you have any siblings?", "Yes, but we aren't twins. We do both love baseball though.", "So do I. I love the twins as we live in mn..", "Gotcha, we're red sox fans cuz we live in new england.", "What do you do? I am a dentist.", "Nice! I'm a truck driver.", "Tough job. Been doing it long? I've been at my work for 14 years.", "Yeah, I've been doing it for a while. Sometimes I fish for extra money too.", "Invest in gold. That's my favorite metal for investment.", "Nice. I've got some bitcoin, but no gold.", "That's good, too. We'll see how they do..."], ["I've been meaning to ask you what your twin sister does for a living. Are you two identical or fraternal twins. I find twins fascinating.", "Haha she is very different from me despite us being identical twins. She's a freelance graphic designer!", "Oh wow, that is different. Still a cool job though. Do you have any interest in art at all, like your sister?", "Not really, I'm all about that scientific approach lol. Been studying technical analysis for investments lately for fun. How about you and your sister?", "We aren't twins but we do have a lot in common! We're both drivers even, although she works for DoorDash. I hear she makes a lot. How long how you been investing?", "Cool, I was wondering about joining a delivery app to make some side income. How are you liking it so far?", "Oh, my sister works for Doordash, but I hear that she loves her job. As a truck driver, I also enjoy being on the road, although I'm on the road much longer!", "What do you like to when you're on those long driving trips? Listen to any good music or audiobooks?", "Yeah, and I get to call my friends and family also. Did you know that our trucks have a little living area inside of them? Legally we aren't allowed to drive for more than 8 hours at a time, so I actually get to relax in the back of the truck and enjoy some TV. It's great! How's being a dentist?"], ["I just put a bit more money into my Crypto wallet.", "Very cool, what coin did you invest in?", "Dogecoin. I got in a long time ago. What do you think of crypto?", "I think it is very volatile and unfortunately the info about it being bad for the environment due to the power it requires really hurt the stocks. I am looking for a side job, how does your sister like DoorDash?", "Yeah, that's fair. She likes it okay, but the wages aren't great. I think you might be better off looking into day trading with your background.", "I do have a gambling background and day trading is definitely a sort of gamble. Are you planning on holding onto the Dogecoin with diamond hands or do you have a point where you would sell soon?", "No, I actually sold the dogecoin. I used the proceeds to get in with the bigger fish, no pun intended haha!", "lol, nice good choice. Any other coins you think would be good? I'm sure a Tom Brady coin would do well in your market lol", "Ha! You'd probably be right. Personally, I'm not a big fan of his. I much prefer baseball, anyway. What about you. Are you interested in sports?", "Yes. I like baseball, I watch the Seattle Mariners every day, mostly they lose lol. The Red Sox are having a great year. I am a big seahawks fan, I also teach golf. Did you play any sports growing up?", "I did, I played baseball. Mostly, farming is a sport haha", "Oh i'm sure. I played baseball as well. A pitcher mostly. What position did you play?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to cook and bake everyday. I cook a lot of typical Indian cuisine. I would like to have an Indian cuisine business.", "I like warm summer weather. I am from the South of India.", "I play a lot of sports but mostly tennis. I love Serena Williams.", "I like that tennis builds muscle and stamina.", "I grew up in a city in the 1990s and I'm not a fan of country music. I'm a big fan of rock music but don't really like death metal music.", "I've gained some weight recently.", "I love cooking and baking. I have 14 chickens. I use their eggs in my baking. I hope to open a business using my cooking skills someday."], "partner_persona": ["I don't cook. I like country music. I'm a fan of older country music that I grew up listening to. I like rock and metal music.", "I live on a farm in a rural area. I own a working farm. Our farm grows produce and has chickens for eggs. I like to share my crops with friends and family.", "I like the winter season the best.", "I drive trucks for a living. It makes me very tired.", "I can't cook, but my husband can."], "current_conv": ["I'm going to try a new recipe tonight. Want to hear about it?", "I'd love to, but you're gonna have to explain to me how things work because as you know, I'm not a cook at all!", "No problem. I am planning to make dahl using a pressure cooker to ensure the lentils are soft and delicate. Then make a pilaf rice and some tandoori chicken. I wish I had a tandoor though.  ", "What a tandoor? Is it similar to a pressure cooker?", "No, a tandoor is a special type of oven which they use in India to make tandoori chicken. It helps give it its flavour. It is made from clay.", "Oh I see! I've never used a pressure cooker before. Does it cook other things other than lentils? I hear it makes the cooking go much faster.", "Yes, you can do lots of things in pressure cookers like stews and soups. Most of the time, I use it to soften meat. I love putting my lamb shanks in there. It makes the meat fall right off the bone. Do you have a pressure cooker?", "I don't, but hearing what you're saying makes me want to purchase one for my husband. He's an avid cook but sometimes that makes the cooking process a lot longer than I want!", "I would recommend a pressure cooker. It is a great item for beginner cooks. You throw it all in, pop the lid on and wait for the whistle really. I gave one to my sister for Christmas and she uses more often than me now.", "Maybe that will be gateway for me to start cooking. Any brands/models you'd recommend?", "Yes I agree. You could let your husband do all the fancy sides while you take care of the main item in the pressure cooker. What recipes does your husband like to do?", "He likes to cook asian food. Lots of prep work. But I'm a big fan of the end results most of the time!"], "history_conv": [["Hello. Tried any new recipes lately?", "Hi I dont cook but I like jamming to country music. What do you like doing?", "I basically cook and bake everyday absolutely love it.", "Oh thats cool I live in rural area with farm so I relate so much with cooking.", "I usually cook typical indian cuisine. Thinking of turning it into a business.", "I like winter in all 4 seasons which one do you prefer the most?", "Well I am from the south of india. So I like warm summer weather.", "What else do you like to do in your free time.", "I play sports of all sorts. Tennis mostly. Love serena williams!", "Why did you started likely teniss.", "Really builds muscle and stamina! You should try!", "Thats nice but I do drive trucks as my job so thats very tiring already for me."], ["I meant to ask you who your favorite country singers are. Do you like the old or newer country music?", "I like the older country must. Mostly, because it's what I grew up listening to. A lot of the newer music sounds more like pop music. I like Garth Brooks, Tim McGraw and Darius Rucker. Do you listen to country?", "Not very much, but an older lady in the city I grew up in used to listen to it when she watched us neighborhood kids in the '90s, so I am very familiar with Garth Brooks, Tim McGraw, and others. Darius Rucker I mainly only know from Hootie and the Blowfish. Do you like any other kinds of music?", "I do. I enjoy rock and metal. My partner is in a rock band, so lately I've been listening to a lot, especially when driving.", "That is wonderful. I love rock. I like some metal but I have never been able to get into death metal. Does your partner sing or play an instrument in the band?", "He write, he sings and plays rhythm guitar - he's quite busy. The band is called EXHALE, if you'd be interested. The most popular song is Count The Days. There's a music video and everything!", "Wow, that is great. I will look it up! How is the farm? Do you have animals or crops? Or both?", "There is both, chicken, ducks, pigs, goats. We do corn and strawberries, pumpkins.", "Lovely. Do you ever open it up to the public for strawberry or pumpkin picking? Could be a good source of additional income.", "We usually let friends and family come and help us harvest and allow them to take what they'd like. We all win that way. Getting outside to enjoy tennis, these days? The weather has been beautiful as of late.", "Not very recently, but I need to before all these muffins and breads I've been baking take up permanent residence on my hips! Not that I mind too much, but it's a balance for sure.", "I hear that, it's tough getting old! I eat one baked good and I feel like I gain 10 pounds."], ["What is the best and worst thing about owning your own farm?", "Definitely the food, though it's wasted on me since i can't cook. My husband is a great cook, though!", "Do you eat a lot of what you grow/raise?  I love cooking/baking personally.", "I do. We mostly just deal with produce, but we have some hens for our eggs. Eggs straight from a chicken is the best.", "I agree. I've always kept chickens myself. Currently we have 14.  My baking is so much better with their eggs.", "That's amazing! Aren't they the best? What do you like to bake?", "Mostly a lot of rices. I cook primarily Indian food and it's a lot of rice.", "Oh I didn't realize you could bake rice. I know nothing lol", "Haha, well, as long as you don't burn boiling water you're doing OK.", "Haha! Now that is funny. Maybe you can give my husband some cooking lessons in Indian cuisine.", "I would love to. I'm hoping to run a business one day with my cooking.", "That sounds so incredible, but it must be really stressful."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I participated in debates. I participated in debates few days ago. Another debate will be next week. I'm interested in trying some new recipes.", "I loved to swim when I was young. I tried surfing when I was young, but never got good at it.", "I love to go on cruises.", "I love politics.", "I am going to go on cruise. My last cruise was in the Western Caribbean.  I'd love to do a European cruise or one around the Hawaiian islands. I wish I could have gone sooner in my life.", "I think fish is delicious to eat."], "partner_persona": ["I am a vegan.", "I have always loved playing with animals.", "I used to be a veterinarian. I travel for a living.", "I am a cruise ship singer. I work in a lounge on a cruise ship. I go on the cruise. I love cruises.", "I didn't like to debate. I hate politics. I don't believe in politics.", "I have a blog about vegan recipes.", "I travelled last year. I went to Greece.  I think Greece is a beautiful country.  I don't enjoy being around a lot of tourists. I saw lots of animals. I was on a cruise around the Hawaiian islands. I think Hawaii is a gorgeous place.", "I want to go to Alaska.  I like whale-watching.", "I like to sing classic songs that people know.", "I enjoy scuba diving.  I think learning to surf is hard. I enjoy viewing fish and wild animals. I do not fish.  I place high value on all life."], "current_conv": ["I think I'm going to try a new recipe for salmon for dinner tonight.  I need to stay in shape so when I finally do get to go a cruise I'll be looking good!", "What are you making for dinner?", "Well I am going to make salmon on the grill, with lemon and dill! I am going to make a kale salad to go along with it. I am not sure how it will taste but it is healthy!", "I bet the salmon will be great for you since you love fish. I've had good kale and bad kale, so it's a coin flip! You going to be able to keep this up?", "Honestly, I am not sure. I love food so much. Do you have any tips for maintaining? You must have a very healthy diet being a vegan.", "You really need to find the foods that you enjoy. It might take a little time. No one will stay healthy eating food they hate.", "I think I get bored of the food easily when I am dieting. I need to switch it up. Do you have any exciting recipes?", "I make some really good kale chips. They are healthy, crunchy, and tasty. Those sound any good>", "hmm, tell me more! How do you make them? Do you add any type of seasoning to them? ", "Whatever seasoning you want. I like curry, jerk, and lemon-pepper. Just toss with a little oil and bake in the oven", "OK, I will definitely try it! Potato chips are my downfall, so this sounds like a much healthier alternative. ", "I don't even buy chips. If they are here, I eat them all. So I just don't even let them in the home."], "history_conv": [["Hello there how was your day.", "Not bad,and you?", "Fine too,i was busy with debate preperation.", "I was busy being an angry vegan,making some food.", "I love swimming when I was young what about you?", "I used to love playing with animals,still do.", "What is your hubby?", "I used to be veterinarian,now I travel the world.", "Great, what I love to do here is going on cruises.", "I sing on cruise ships,and write about it on my blogs.", "Great but do you like to debate when you were in school?", "Not really I hate politics I just dont believe in them never have.", "Poilitics is good am also a big fan of politics.", "Thats cool to each their own."], ["I think I just may book a cruise and was wondering what you thought of me going on your cruise. I was thinking it would be fun to see your gig.", "that would be great, you should definitely come! at least we can both agree that we love cruises!", "I can't wait to go on my next cruise!  I have to check out your blogs.  I bet you have a lot of stories!", "yeah, I have started getting into blogging about vegan recipes. when was the last time you participated in debates?", "A few days ago.  I have another one coming up next week.  So whats your latest vegan recipe on your blog?  I'm interested in trying some new recipes too!", "I see, i hope the debate goes well for you. It's a vegan chicken recipe, it was inspired the food that I ate when I travelled last year.", "Where did you travel to that gave you that inspiration?", "I went to Greece. It was a fun trip and I saw loads of animals which was a bonus. Where did you go for your last cruise?", "We did the western caribbean.  It was so beautiful and fun.  I'd love to do a European one or one around the Hawaiian islands!", "I remember going on a cruise around the Hawaiian islands, I will never forget that trip. You would've loved to go swimming there when you were younger!", "I know its beautiful!  I wish I could have gone sooner in my life.  I'm totally going to make it happen some day!", "You should, I could probably get you some sort of discount for travel because of my job."], ["So do you have any guesses what country you will visit next?", "As soon as the cruise lines open up again, I'd like to go to Alaska!  I'd love to go whale-watching whenever I'm not working in the lounge.", "That sounds like a lot of fun! Is there a certain time of year that is best for whale watching?", "I've heard Summer is the best time.  It would be great to see something different, my last trip was to Greece which was beautiful but full of tourists..", "Do you sing different music depending on where the ship is traveling? I imagine people would want that if you are visiting Hawaii. What about Alaskan songs?", "You know that's a great question!  I'll have to look up some Alaskan songs.  I usually do the classic favorites that people always request, and then we'll feature some local performers to show off the culture of the region.  We had some beautiful dancers come on board and perform when we toured Hawaii.", "Oh, that is lovely! I really need to book a Hawaiian cruise! I am ready to get my swimming game on again!", "Oh you definitely should! It's so gorgeous there.  I know you love to swim, have you ever been surfing?  There are tons of classes you can take there!", "Haha! I think I fell off the board a few times when I was younger! Have you become a surfing pro with all that time at sea?", "I gave it a try, but it was a lot harder than I thought.  I preferred the diving classes, there are so many cool fish and other animals to see.", "Do you ever fish? I bet there are some yummy and interesting ones out there! I jest, I know you are vegan. But you can catch and release.", "Haha no I could never fish, even as catch and release. When I visited Hawaii though everyone ate fish and my friends said it was the best they ever had.  I'm sure when you visit you could pick up some new recipes to try."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My father was a farmer.", "I have two older brothers. My brother Mark is my best friend. My brother has a little girl who is 5 years old.", "I like to play soccer with my brother's little girl named Ella. She is sweet and plays soccer.", "I don't have any children and I'm not planning on having them anytime soon.", "I'm not in a relationship and I'm young.", "I am a man."], "partner_persona": ["I drink alcohol. I drink but not to excess.", "I do not like dealing with customers. I am a mechanic.", "My dad was an alcoholic. We are expecting a baby boy. I am in a relationship.", "My name is Mark.", "I am not sociable.", "I am going to have a son. I am a man.", "I like older muscle cars from the 70s.", "I'm working on restoring a 67 Chevelle SS in my spare time."], "current_conv": ["How's work on the Chevelle going?", "It's going really well. Pretty much still working on the body at this point, it had a lot of damage from sitting over all of the years. I've been doing a lot of bondo work currently. ", "That is great that you are making progress! Following passions are important. I bet you can't wait to teach your son all about the family trade!", "Yeah, when he gets old enough, I'm gonna' teach him everything his old man knows. Hopefully he's as interested in working on cars as I am, and maybe a little less interested in the drink.", "Yeah that has never been my think but you are doing good, despite everything you're going through. It's easier for me, I don't have anyone watching my every move like you. At least you don't come home to an empty house..", "Yeah, things aren't going too bad. I just need to stay focused on what's important. But, after a long days work and dealing with customers, it's hard to come home and be excited about anything other than having a drink or two and relaxing. But you're right, I should appreciate what I have at home maybe a little more. ", "I know what you mean. I am so grateful to have my niece to bring some youthful fun into my boring life. She has gotten so good at scoring on me! Maybe she can babysit your son someday.", "Actually, that would be really helpful. It's hard finding a babysitter we can trust, and I know I can trust YOUR judgement at least! That should make things a little easier in the future. Just wish I could take more time away from work to be home.", "I am so happy to help! I am sure Mark wouldn't mind. I understand that. Maybe you should be a farmer like my father was, then you could literally work from home! Imagine restoring cars and driving them through private fields. What a dream!", "Haha, I don't know a thing about farming. I think I'll stick with the one and only thing I was good at. I know cars, and cars know me! We speak the same language. I think that's what I'll be remembered for, I hope.", "Fair enough haha, just thought I would mention it. I hope to find a passion like you. Maybe one day you could teach me a thing or two! ", "I mean, what kinda' car you got, and what's wrong with it? Bring it by, sometime. I'll show you how to diagnose some basic problems, and show you the routes to go about fixing it yourself. You'll save yourself a lot of money, in the long run."], "history_conv": [["Hi, how's it going?", "Hey I'm good just knocked back a six pack with lunch.", "Haha, nice, you must be feeling pretty good. Lol.", "It's what gets me through the day as a mechanic dealing with customers.", "Right, my dad used to be a farmer, and he drank a lot too.", "We have a baby coming I'm hoping it won't be alcoholic like me and dad.", "Well, just do what you know is right buddy.", "Definitely not going to name it mark after myself!", "One of my 2 older brothers is a mark... It's not a bad name though.", "Well, I just would prefer that this kid turns out right unlike the rest of us.", "Haha, we all are going to have problems though right?", "My main problem is dealing with other people."], ["My brother Mark said to name your kid Mark if it's a boy. It's a strong name he says!", "Your brother bears the same name as me? What a coincidence!", "Yes! My oldest brother does! He is my best friend!", "That's just super cool. Does he have children?", "He does! My niece is 5 years old!", "Wow! That's just great. I wish I had a niece. What's her name?", "Her name is Ella! She loves to play soccer with me! Do you know if your baby is going to be a girl or a boy yet?", "I can't say for sure but my partner thinks he is going to be a boy. She says she can tell by the way he kicks", "Aw that is sweet! I don't think I will have kids for a while.", "Why? Kids are fun to have. They show you the beauty of life. I think it would do a lot of good for you to have kids", "I am single and still very young! I have lots of time to think about having kids!", "Oh! I understand you now. Are you a student?"], ["I hope when I have kids they are exactly like my niece Ella who is the sweetest little girl. She's not a bad soccer player, too!", "Every kid is different I just hope mine likes cars like me.", "Well, it will probably help that you're having a boy. I bet if you start him young he'll fall in love with it. You could even take him to work!", "That would be great and mabye some day  we could run a father and son shop", "Definitely. Not to sound critical, but hopefully having your son there reduces your need for alcohol.", "It may help if I had my own shop and didnt have a boss breathing down my neck", "Not sure that is something you can count on. I think the pressure of parenting is one reason I am not one myself.", "Its not like im an alchoholic like my dad.  I do drink from time to time but not to excess like him", "That's also part of the fun of being an uncle: I can spend time with the kid and then give them back. Do you have a favorite kind of car to work on?", "ok, so we are just going to gloss over you judging me for drinking... Yea I like older muscle cars from the 70s.do not want children because you are afraid your going to mess them up?", "If you want to discuss it further, we can; it is entirely up to you. Muscle cars are great. I know I would feel a lot of pressure as a parent. I kind of hope I get to the point where I'm with the right person and am confident we can give the kid a great life.", "Parenting cant be that hard.  People have been parents since Man first started.  I think its all about being relxed and treating them like people and no coddling them all the time.  And yes Muscle cars are great Im working on restoring a 67 Chevelle SS in my spare time"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a mother who is a doctor.", "I have no money.  I have a father who is a fireman.", "I read.", "I love french fries.", "I like kids.", "I don't know what I will do for work after graduating high school. I am a junior in high school. I'll graduate high school next year. I am unsure about attending college or finding a job. My mom and dad don't agree on my future in college."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a small town.", "I want money. I'm looking for high paying skilled work.", "I have finished high school.", "I want to move. I'm looking for a job to save money to move.", "I think working at a fast food restaurant might make me fat. I have a friend who works in a fast food restaurant. I don't think I'd like smelling like a fast food restaurant.", "I've thought of working in construction, child care or a house cleaning job.", "I found some jobs house cleaning and doing childcare. I started my job. I have worked a few days. I am not good at working with kids. My job is a lot of work. I don't like kids.", "The kids I babysit are 7 and 10 years old. I don't mind caring for them.", "I am still looking for a job in construction that pays more money. I like manual labor. I like to be fit. I like to save time.", "I think college is expensive. I value working for money. I don't like debt."], "current_conv": ["My mom wants to take me to visit colleges.", "Well, she is  a doctor, of course she wants you to go to collage. Uou might have fun going to see a few at least.", "College is so expensive and I don't know what I even want to do.  I'm only a junior so I still have time.  How's the babysitting job?", "Well It keeps me bust because I clean the house too. The kids are fun but one of them is a little crazy. He bit me yesterday!", "Geez.  I hope you disinfected it really well and I hope his parents take that behavior seriously and punish him for it.  You don't want to work with little demons.", "Yeah since I don't like kids you might wonder why I took a job doing child care. I just figured I used to be a child so I have experiance.", "If only that was the only qualification to get any job.lol  Just bank your money and remember it's not forever.", "Maybe that high paying job will land in my lap someday. Until then its fingerpaints and band aids I guess", "There are always worse jobs I guess.  Is this job just for the summer while they're out of school?", "I do'nt think that far ahead. I'm just going to ride this out as long as I can. Or until I have to get stitches. That's where I draw the line.", "Kids are definitely tiring.  At least I know working with kids is something I don't want even if I don't know yet what I do want.", "I think tomorrow, I will make the kids clean the house."], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how your day.", "Hey, I'm a little stressed actually. :(.", "Sorry may be you should come and see my mum she is a doctor.", "No, it isnt that serious. Thanks though. Just sick of this town.", "Why do you say that?", "It is just so tiny and I want to see more of the world!.", "I can help you out am a kind person.", "Do you have money to give me? No strings? Lol. Because that's what would be helpful.", "I dont have money my dad is only a fireman.", "I thought you said your mum is a doctor?.", "Yes, but I always ask my dad for money for stuffs like this.", "Was just kidding. I finished high school now so I will save.", "I still in high school infact I just finished reading.", "Reading what? Oh, so which year are you in?"], ["So have you decided how you can save the money to move out of town?", "Not really sure. There are not many earning opportunities in this tiny town. Fast food is one option, but slow and boring.", "The food is a perk though! I bet they let you eat for free?", "Not really.We have an allowance, but eating when you are not supposed to can get you fired. Plus I don't want to get fat! My friend works in fast food and knows the good, the bad, and the ugly.", "I would have a hard time resisting fries on every shift!", "I think I would get sick of the smell. Come home smelling like the french fryer. Clothes probably absorb 1,000 calories through fumes.", "That is true. What other options do you have?", "Sometimes there is construction work. Baby sitting? Cleaning houses? Not very interesting work. Construction can pay, but there isn't much of that work around here, unless you're skilled like a plumber or electrician.", "Babysitting would be very fulfilling. Taking care of kids can be fun too! They are such interesting little people.", "I'm not sure. I don't really like kids much.", "Okay, well then that won't work long term!", "Yeah. I want skilled work that pays well, but high school doesn't really give any skills except doing high school."], ["How's your job search going? Find anything yet?", "I did! I was able to find some house cleaning and child care jobs all in one!", "That's great!  Have you started yet?  If so, how did it go?", "I have only worked a few days. So far so good thankfully because kids are not my strong suit! It is a lot of work though, having to take care of kids and cleaning.", "Yes, I imagine it's a lot of work.  How old are the kids?", "They are 7 and 10. So able to somewhat take care of themselves which is probably why I dont't mind the care so much.", "Yes, that's a help.  And hopefully they're not so old that they're rebellious or mischievous.  Do you think you'll stick with this  a while or are you still looking for something better or more lucrative?", "I am still currently looking for something with more pay and mainly in construction because I like manual labor. It helps the day go by faster and it helps me get into shape without having to go to a gym.", "Yes, that would be great if you could find something that you like more.  I have no idea what I'm going to do after high school.", "Do you think you will go to college? Or try and find a job? How long till you graduate?", "I'm just a junior so I'll graduate next year.  And I'm not sure about college or finding a job.  My mom wants me to go to college while my dad doesn't think it's necessary.  So I'm torn.", "I would say try and apply to jobs and get a job to either pay for your college or get a job that doesn't require college and has a lot of growth for you. I wouldn't go into that big of debt unless you have to."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an assistant doctor.", "I caught redfish. I enjoy cooking and eating fish. I like sushi. I like to eat seafood. Crab legs are my favorite.", "I am saving to buy a home. I want a two story home. I like to have guests. I like to swim."], "partner_persona": ["I run.", "I am a tax accountant.", "I like fish. I'm in a relationship with another person and we like to eat fish. I like sushi. I like crab legs, salmon, and shrimp.", "I live in the city but want to move to the suburbs.", "I am doing well financially and consider myself lucky.", "I want to start a family. I want to get married. I want to buy a house.", "I do not like to swim."], "current_conv": ["We should go eat seafood with our significant others.", "We are always on the lookout for a new restaurant.  Have you tried a great place recently?", "I have been so busy with work, that I haven't! I was hoping you might have a recommendation. We definitely need to go somewhere with great crab legs, or else a nice sushi joint. Somewhere with delicious cocktails as well!", "There is a new sushi joint just around the corner from me but we have not tried it yet.  Food in the city is amaing.", "We should try it together, then! Is your partner also a sushi lover? ", "Yes for sure!  We love sushi.  We really want to move out of the city but I will miss the food.  You might need to give us cooking tips when we manage to move.", "I definitely will! We can go fishing together and then grill our catch. We can make a whole day out of it!", "That sounds like so much fun.  I have never been fishing in my life.  Is it difficult to learn?", "There's a bit of a knack to the rod, but once you get that down, it's pretty simple. It's a lot of just sitting around and waiting. It's very peaceful and relaxing.", "Sounds like paradise.  I was born in the city and still live in the city.  One of the reasons I want to move to the suburbs is to have all these different experiences.  Do you have a favorite fishing spot?"], "history_conv": [["Wonderful day we are having! How are you?", "I am great, how are you?", "Great, I just got back from the beach. Wanted to see what I could catch.", "That sounds amazing! I just got back from a run.", "See anything interesting on your run?", "Went running on a hiking trail. Saw a couple deer..", "Oh that must have been neat. What do you do for a living?", "I am a tax accountant. What about you?", "I work at a local doctor's office as an assistant, it is rewarding in its own way.", "That sounds really interesting. I forgot to ask, what did you catch at the beach?", "I caught some redfish, it was a good haul! Do you like fish at all?", "I do! How did you end up cooking it?."], ["I made redfish dinner yesterday.", "That is awesome! Did you share it with anyone or eat alone?", "I ate it all for myself! I don't get much time to cook for myself anymore so I try to enjoy it when I can. Have you had fish lately?", "Yes! I had salmon the other night with my partner!", "That's great! Salmon is one of my favorite types of fish. Did you and your partner enjoy it?", "Yes! Salmon is our favorite fish as well! We also love it in sushi!", "Sushi is always good. Have you had sushi lately?", "Not in a while, it is expensive and my partner and I are saving up to buy a house!", "Oh that's great! How soon do you want to buy a house? Are you going to move cities for it?", "We are going to move to the suburbs! Hopefully, within the next year!", "Well that's exciting! I am hoping to save that much money within the next few years. Have you and your partner had a good year financially?", "Yes! We have we are extremely fortunate! What are you hoping to save for?"], ["I want to be able to afford my own home, too. I don't know when or where I want to move to but I figure I should start saving now considering how expensive home prices are becoming.", "You are so right to do that. Wages and house prices just don't add up", "What type of house are you going to look for?", "Well I want to start a family someday, but I haven't popped the question yet and I think buying a big house might give it away. Plus you really never know what their answer will be so I am not sure what to do", "Maybe get a mid size home and you can always upgrade later once life \"starts to happen\".  Plus usually the spouse will want to have some say in the home that is going to be the family home.", "That is very true, my mind is so clouded I did not even think of that. Thanks. Do you know what type of house you want to eventually purchase?", "I want to get a two story home, probably 4 or 5 bedrooms.  This way there is plenty of room for guests.  I would also love to have a pool but I dont know anything about upkeep of a pool so that makes me nervous.", "You can always hire a pool person too take care of that for you. That sounds like a nice house you're going to be getting! Do you think you would use the pool a lot?", "I don't know, thats another reason for my hesitation.  I dont know how often I would actually use it.  I may have to reconsider that.  Do you enjoy swimming?", "not particular to be honest, but I love to eat animals that swim!", "That's funny.  I love seafood also.  My favorite is crab legs.", "Crab legs are delicious! I love salmon and shrimp. We gotta go get seafood together sometime!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I recently moved. I am lonely. I can't handle being alone.", "I like going to concerts.", "I have two older brothers.", "I have never been in Europe.  have read about the continent in different books.", "I love running, jogging and riding bikes.", "I grew up with dogs. I am going to get a dog. I want a labrador retriever and pitbull mixed dog. I would like a rescue dog. I don't want to pay a dog breeder.", "My home has a small fenced backyard. I don't like not having a pet in my home.", " I want to see Megadeth and Lamb of God in concert. I think I should book a hotel for the night. I don't like shows that are a long distance away and driving home the same night. I attended a show that ended at 1am. I drove home after the show and arrived home at 6 am. I went to work at 9am the same day."], "partner_persona": ["I used to live in Europe. I moved from France. I lived in other countries before.", "I enjoy running half marathons. I wait about 2 months between running marathons. I need to research upcoming marathons.", "I love dogs.", "I work in the Tech industry. I am paid well. I am bored at work.", "I prefer living by myself.  I like my privacy.", "I have not a dog at the moment.  I have the money, but not the space for the pet.", " My company pays well. I feel like a code whore.", "I should get a bike. There is  no room and no yard at my place. I have not enough money for bigger place. I am unsure about getting a bike. I need to save money. I want a bigger home. I want a backyard.", "I want shelter dogs to have homes.", "I love how communal concerts can feel."], "current_conv": ["I got tickets to the concert!", "That's great! I'm so happy to hear that! When is the concert?", "It's tomorrow at 9pm. It was a last minute sale so I got a pretty good deal. I'm excited!", "Wow, that's gonna be great! Wish I could be there lol. Are you going with your brothers or anything, or are you just going by yourself?", "Going with my friends. I would never dare to go to a concert alone! That would be so awkward, haha", "Yeah, I would feel pretty weird going to a concert by myself. Glad you have some friends to go with! I know you've mentioned that you feel lonely sometimes, so I'm glad you have people to hang with!", "Thanks. That means a lot. I know you like living by yourself- would you consider yourself an introvert?", "Yes, definitely. I like being with people every now and then, but I do really enjoy the privacy of my own home. I think the only time I really enjoy a crowd is at a concert lol", "Haha yeah. At a concerty you don't really have to talk to anybody, so I guess it's a bit like being by yourself, in a weird way. ", "Yeah, I get what you mean. I like just sort of melding into the crowd and being a part of that crowd experience. I also really like music, so it's a win-win", "What kind of music do you enjoy listening to?", "I enjoy a bit of everything, but especially rock. How about you?"], "history_conv": [["Hey I just moved to a new city and am so very alone here. Need human contact.", "I know the feeling, I came here from europe a while back. Hang in there.", "As a farmer, my dad had a lot of solitary time but I can't handle it.", "Well, find something you like to do. I like to run half marathons personally.", "My favorite band was playing 1000 miles away and I drove to see them recently.", "That's dedication! I'm dedicated to dogs myself. I've fostered a lot.", "That is so nice, both of my older brothers also foster dogs.", "Right on. They are just amazing in my opinion.", "They are truly amazing, so much better than humans.", "In a lot of ways they definitely are..", "My dad had dogs on the farm to scare away critters.", "Nice, I work in the tech industry, so I'm in a completely different profession.", "My two older brothers work in the tech industry as well..", "Nice. I do software solutions personally. Usually boring but it pays well."], ["Where in Europe did you move from?", "I moved from France, though I lived in other countries before that. Have you been to Europe?", "No. Although I have read about the continent in different books", "It's an interesting place, much more interesting in person than in the books. Especially the food. Yum! So, you recently moved. You live by yourself? I prefer living by myself. I like my privacy. Have you thought about getting a dog?", "Yeah. I think about it everyday. I need a companion and dogs are the best companions. Do you have a dog?", "At the moment, no. I have the money, but not the space. I didn't pick my place for a dog, just for a convenient commute and nice surroundings.", "Oh. I totally understand you. You said you work in the tech industry. What's the company you work for into?", "You probably haven't heard of it. They pay well because they have to compete with the big firms. Less politics than other places, but the work is mind-numbing. I feel like a code wh0re.", "I totally understand you. Well you can try running to put yourself at ease. It can help keep your state of mind healthy", "Yup. Sweating and pounding the pavement takes your mind off everything. Just the leg pumping. Do you like to exercise?", "Yeah. I love running, jogging and riding bikes", "That's good! I should get a bike. It would great to have a dog at my place, but there's no room and no yard. Maybe if I save up enough, I can get a bigger place."], ["So when do you plan to run you next half marathon?", "I usually give a couple of months between them, but also consider the schedule. I need to see if any are coming up. What kind of dog are you thinking of getting? One you can take running?", "I was thinking a lab pit mix.  But any kind of rescue would be great.  I dont want to pay a breeder for a pet", "I like your mindset. Those poor shelter dogs deserve homes. Does your new place have a good amount of space?", "it has a small fenced in back yard so it will have room for the dog to play outside when i cant take him running.", "Aww, that's great. I bet the dog will make great company.", "I hope so Its weird not having a pet in the house.  Did you decide to get a bike or not yet?", "Haven't decided. I keep thinking I should save up for a bigger place. Just hearing about your back yard makes me want one. Any good concerts coming up?", "Megadeth is touring with Lamb of God, so Im goin gto try an catch them, but its out of state so its going to be a long drive to the show", "Oh, wow. Perhaps book a hotel for the night?", "I was thinking that, ive dont late out of state shows and drivin back the same nite.  I went to a show where it ended at 1am and drive home getting home at 6 to go to work at 9 the next day.  So its possible.", "Oh, wow. Well, I'm sure it'll rock. I love how communal concerts can feel."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a man.", "I like video games. I play wolfenstien 2. I have a ps4. I like PS4 better than Xbox. I like going outside. I like to read.", "I don't have kids. I am single. I don't want to get married.", "I like autobiographies. I like the fantasy genre.", "I've started watching a new fantasy show. It's called the Witcher."], "partner_persona": ["I like video games. I often play League of Legends. I recently bought a new gaming laptop. I'm loving my new laptop. I like Wolfenstien 2. I play on my computer a lot.", "I don't have kids.", "I like fantasy books. I have read the Game of Thrones books and saw the Game or Thrones show. I have watched the Witcher. I like the witcher games better than the books."], "current_conv": ["I found a new video game to play. It's similar to the Witcher. I think you'd like it. ", "Does it have good combat? You know how important that is to me.", "It certainly does! In fact, it's known for its unique and in-depth combat system. it's called Monster Hunter World. Have you heard of it?", "Oh definitely! I was wondering if I should get it, but my backlog is big enough as it is. How's your backlog doing?", "Oh, you know how it is. It keeps piling up no matter what I do lol. There are so many good games coming out, I just want to get to them all!", "Yeah, mine just keeps getting bigger. Is Monster Hunter World the latest buy? Or have you been on a shopping spree? Haha", "Lol, I did go on a bit of a spree. I also finally got Red Dead II. I've been wanting to get my hands on it for a while, but something else always caught my eye first", "I'm not sure my laptop can handle Red Dead II. I think I'm gonna to wait on that one until I upgrade my setup.", "Ah, yeah it can really lag if your setup's not the best. A lot of modern games seem to have that problem, from what I can tell", "Yeah. I feel like the days when games would be really well optimized for lower-end computers is gone.", "It's definitely a huge barrier to entry for new players, for sure. Not every computer can handle these shiny neew games, and that puts off a lot of people. At least there are consoles lol", "True. Have you been on the hunt for the PS5 these days?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there how are you.", "Hello! I am doing well how about yourself?", "Just bein a regular guy chillinout.", "That's cool, you like video games? I play league of legends regularly.", "Yeah I play ps4,i like to get outside and read though too.", "Nice! Ps4 is a great system. I bought a new gaming laptop last month.", "Thats cool I have lots of time time to play with no kids.", "That's pretty good, same here gives me time to play with friends.", "Im single and never getting married to hell with that.", "What games do you have for your ps4?", "Almost 250 last time ichecked,currently playing wolfenstien 2 dlc.", "Wolfenstien 2 is a pretty fun game! Played on my new laptop."], ["How much did you spend to get the laptop you wanted?", "Oh, well I spent a pretty penny -- close to $3,500, but it has everything I could want for gaming and I am sure I'll keep it for a long time, so I look at it as an investment in my hobby.", "Wow, I bet that thing is amazing! I spent a lot of money on my PS4 when I first got it, but nothing like that. I have never gamed on PC much before though. Would you recommend it?", "Yes, it opens up a whole new world of games and gamers to interact with. I use the new laptop for anything computer-related. I'm not sure I could stomach spending $3,500 all at once on something just for video games, as much as I love them. So you like the PS4 better than Xbox?", "Yes, I've only owned Playstation consoles ever since the Playstation 2. The new Xbox looks amazing though, and I might get that when I buy a next-generation console. Do you have a preference?", "I go back and forth. I probably play the Playstation more though, although now with the computer I haven't touched either. I want to make sure I'm getting my money's worth out of it. Have you read any good books or anything lately?", "I've been reading Obama's new autobiography, but it's long so it's taking a long time to get through. What are your favorite types of books?", "I don't remember the last time I read an autobiography, but I'd be down to read Obama's. I like mostly fantasy -- Harry Potter, Game of Thrones (although I'm afraid the author will die before the books are completed), things like that. I usually use reading to get out of the real world for a bit.", "I'm the same way! I've been meaning to start the Game of Thrones for some time, I loved the shows. Fantasy books can be a great escape from reality. Did you see the Game of Thrones show?", "I did. I wasn't as disappointed by the ending as the rest of the world seemed to be, but I've been looking forward to the final book(s) to see if Martin gives it a different ending than the show.", "Yes, the ending was something else. Hasn't it been quite some time since Martin released a new book?", "Yes, a decade! And he's no spring chicken. I can only hope has has the series finished and is just waiting to release it. Maybe he'll release them upon his death so he doesn't have to put up with mass disappointment. I feel no matter what he does, at least some people will be angry about the end."], ["I have started a new fantasy show.", "Oh, really?  Which one?", "It is called The Witcher. Reminds me a lot of Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?", "Yes I have.  I also love the video game series.  Have you played any of the games?", "No! I did not know about them! Do they have them for PS4?", "Yes, The Witcher 3 is definitely available for PS4.  You should definitely give it a try!", "Wowza! I guess I will!! I am feeling old these days! Can't keep up with the times! Is there a Witcher book I don't know about too?", "Yes, there's a boxed set of books.  I can't remember how many books there are.  Maybe 8?  I've read a few of them.  I like the games better than the books, but the books I read I enjoyed better than the show.  Either way it's a great world and series.  You'll have to let me know what you think of it.", "Ok wait. So it started as a book series? And here I am thinking it is a Netflix original. Guess I know what I am reading next!", "Yes, it started as a book series and maybe some short stories and expanded from there.  It's from a Polish guy, I think, and the video game developer that makes the games is from Poland, too.  I was give one of the novels as a birthday gift and that got me into the series.", "You really are a wealth of information! Thank you! How is the new laptop handling?", "I'm loving it, although I would hope I would after the amount of money I spent on it.  When do you think you might try to upgrade from a PS4 to a next-generation machine?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been to Disney theme parks many times.  I work for Disney.", "My mom is a dentist.  My family is wealthy. I would like to spend more time with my parents.", "I have 2 kids. We went to a Disney Theme park last month."], "partner_persona": ["I have been to a Disney theme park. I enjoyed it.", "My parents are teachers. They didn't teach me. My family is not wealthy. I want to spend more time with my parents.", "I don't have a job.", "I am in a marching band. I play the clarinet and the tuba.", "I am graduating from high school. I plan to go to college and study mechanical engineering.", "I will be in a parade with my marching band playing the tuba. I play the clarinet in the fall. I play the clarinet at a lot of football games. My first instrument was the clarinet.", "My mom wanted me to play the clarinet. My mom played clarinet through high school. I prefer the tuba to the clarinet.", "I plan to try out for the band when I go to college. I am nervous about going to college."], "current_conv": ["I found some footage of you playing the clarinet on line you are very good.", "Oh really? Where did you even find that?", "There are a lot of Youtube videows of marching bands at different football games. The entire band is really impressive. It makes me wish I'd done band. :)", "I didnt even know that was going on. I'd better pay better attention to my form if this is going on my permanent record.", "It seems like almost everything is recorded by someone nowdays", "It really is! I've seen so many videos of Disney workers. Doing good, or sometimes being bad. You'd better watch out too!", "The best Disney characters manage to say in character no matter what. I was never that great at that. :) I work in their marketing department now. And no one wants to film that. ", "LOL. Probably not. Well, a competitor might. Corporate espionage!", "That can get pretty rough. It's surprising sometimes how secretive something like an amusement park has to be", "There's billions of dollars to be made I guess. Even corporations love to steal from one another.", "I wonder what theme parks would look like if we all shared our information", "Probably even better. Top tech everywhere."], "history_conv": [["Hey! Ever been to disney?", "Hello, yes I have, I loved it!", "Same. I'm basically rich since my mum is a dentist so I go once a month! :p.", "That is cool, mine are teachers, so we don't have much.", "Also work in it so that helps. I go mostly for my kids. Parents just help.", "I am still in highschool, don't have time for a job.", "True, maybe you could tutor your parent's students?", "Marching band takes up a lot of my free time.", "Which position are you in the band?", "I play the clarinet in the fall, and the tuba in the spring.", "That is amazing! Multi talented. Just like my kids.", "Yes, how many kids do you have?"], ["What are your plans after you graduate high school?", "I plan to go to college and study mechanical engineering.", "That sounds good. Do your parents teach at your current high school?", "No, they don't. Sometimes I wish they did.", "Why do you say that?", "I want to be able to spend more time with them. Don't you wish you could spend more time with your parents?", "I would love to, I don't see my mom as much as I used to since I am busy taking care of my kids.", "I totally understand you. How many kids do you have?", "I have 2. We went to a Disney Theme park last month.", "That's pretty cool. Just amazing! Are they boys or girls?"], ["So do you have any upcoming concerts, where you will play?", "There's a parade coming up and I'll be playing tuba in it with my marching band.", "Oh wow, don't you play the clarinet as well? How did you learn both instruments?", "Yes, I play clarinet in the fall.  I play that a lot at football games that my band plays in.  But right now I'm playing the tuba.  I started out playing the clarinet because my mother wanted me to.  But then I really wanted to start playing the tuba.  She said I could only play that if I kept playing the clarinet.", "Wow, I don't mean to overstep my bounds but that seems pretty harsh by your mom. Why does she want you to play the clarinet so much?", "She played clarinet all through high school.  I think it's what she wanted to do for a living but she didn't have the skill or nerve to try to do it, or something, so I guess she lives somewhat vicariously through me.  It's not the end of the world.  I like playing instruments; I just prefer the tuba to the clarinet.", "Ok, as long as you are happy, that is all that matters. Do you plan on learning anything else or just sticking with the tuba?", "I'm going to stick with the tuba and clarinet for now.  When I go to college I'll probably try out for the band and then I'll probably just try to play tuba exclusively.", "I hope your mom doesn't get mad at you when you do that! Do you think you'll have time to be in a band while learning mechanical engineering? I know that is a stressful degree", "Yes, I'm a little concerned about that.  But I'd like to try.  I'm sure there are people who do it.  Some football players get engineering degrees and I'm sure football takes up as much time as the band.", "That is very true, but if anyone can do it. I am sure you can. I mean you've already learned two instruments. You got this!", "Thank you!  I appreciate the encouragement.  I am nervous about going off to college though.  I'll miss my parents and my familiar surroundings, but I suppose it's inevitable."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to watch Summer sunsets.", "I am a plumber. I can fix a water leak.", "I have a truck.", " I did not go to college.", "I think playing video games is fun. I think interning at the gaming studio would be fun and a good job. I like being able to do a job you love."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite season is Fall.", "I am in high school. I am going to graduate next year. I plan on going to a local college. I don't have good grades.", "Both of my parents are teachers.", "My best class in school is English.", "I have parents who think I should study on my own.", "I want to intern at the gaming studio. I want to make video games. Video games bring me joy. I have parents that don't understand my joy.", "I believe everyone needs something to relax.", "I have parents who don't support me.", "I don't want to be a doctor or a lawyer. I think that being a doctor or lawyer is boring. I am sure my parents will understand my joy one day."], "current_conv": ["I just heard about a gaming internship from my friend.", "is it at that the same company you're interning at?", "No its another one, its still accepting applications. You should consider doing it this summer to get experience and a better feel at what kind of work you want to do.", "That would really awesome, Share me the link when you can. Thanks. I love video games. Which game are you playing nowadays?", "Its a mix of games at the moment, the newest release being Guilty Geart: Strive. I am not that good at fighting games, but I want to get better at them.", "Cool I like fighting games. I haven't played this one. You must have played all those classics right? Street Fighter, King of fighters, Tekken, DefJam, Dead or Alive those games were amazing. I'm on combat games now.", "I definitely played a lot of other fighting games in the past. I do play some combat games here and then, but I always seem to not know which ones to play. Which one have you played that you recommend others should play as well?", "I understand it is really hard to pick, there are tons of games now. I would recommend to follow Call of duty, I'm in love with their Black Ops series, their zombie version is next level. I have played all of hours in those. It is in my top tier.", "Sounds like a lot of fun, I'll give the series a try when I get a chance. So are combat games the ones you want to work on when you get a job in the gaming industry, or do you want to make games in another genre?", "Combat and adventure games like Tomb Raider and Horizon. Adventure games always have an interesting story to it so definitely i love to work adventure games for sure. what about you if you could work on a game ?", "I am not too sure at the moment, I think it would be cool to work on an RPG or maybe a story driven game with lots of cinematics. I wish I worked on God of War that is for sure.", "That would be so cool. You should let me play first when you make it lol because i love God of War gameplay, you can't get enough play of that. "], "history_conv": [["Hey which season is your favourite?", "I love fall, its marching band season.", "True! But I love a warm breeze on my shoulders watching summer sunsets.", "Im still in high scool, these days we dont see much of summer.", "That's not true. Plenty of break time!.", "My parents both teach so I dont really.", "Well if you guys ever need help with your toilets... I'm your gal.", "What is that supposed to mean? Do I need to get my parents?", "Haha no! Don't worry. Just trying to get my name out there for plumbing work.", "Ok and if you need help with english homework, im your gal!", "Don't mock me. :o.", "Im serious! I love english its my best grade I got a c-."], ["I had to fix the worst water leak today. My clothes were SOAKED!", "Oh, wow! Do you carry extra clothes with you?", "I don't typically but it seems like a good idea. I should probably throw at least an extra shirt in the truck. Good idea.", "Yeah, I definitely wouldn't want to have to work all day in wet clothes. At least it's not wintertime!", "Ha ... so true. How are things going in school? When do you graduate?", "School is going fine. I'm almost out for the summer, and I can't wait! I will graduate next year.", "That's great. Do you have plans for college after high school?", "I'll probably just go to a local college. My grades aren't really good enough to get into a university. Did you go to college before you became a plumber?", "No but I did an internship which was great and help put me contact with the right people. Have you thought about going in to teaching since both your parents teach?", "My parents would love that, but I don't think I want to spend the rest of my life in school! An internship shounds intneresting though. I might consider that instead.", "We'll you are young and have lots of time to decide. I do know many older people who decide to go into teaching after they've tried other fields. Just something to think about.", "Yeah, right now I'm just keeping my options open. How long have you been a plumber?"], ["Did you do any studying today?", "No, I decide to just relax and play some video games. I guess that wasn't smart cause study would help my grades.", "I know playing games was fun though. You should see if your parents can help you study some to bring your grades up.", "My parents think that I should be able to do it on my own since they are teachers.", "That is crazy. You think they would want to help due to them being teachers but I guess I get it. Where are you wanting to intern at?", "I want to internship at the gaming studio. I would love to make video games. They bring me joy, but my parents just don't understand.", "That sounds like a cool place to intern at. That also sounds like a good job. Being able to do something like that you would love. I guess being teachers they don't see the point in video games.", "No, they think it takes away from learning. But we all need something to relax and destress.", "Yes, especially being in high school. But at least you still want to go to college they should look at it that way.", "They don't care. They want me to be something else.", "What do they want you to do instead?", "The normal things...doctor, lawyer. I just don't want to do that. Boring. I'm sure they will understand one day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to read. I have no children. I am not married. I have a sister who is married.", "I work in fast food.", "I am interested in teaching history. I want to teach somewhere other than my old high school.", "I am in college. I appreciate my college professors more than my high school teachers.I am studying to be a teacher.", "I looked for history teacher jobs.", "I don't live on my own.", "I don't know if I can start a family on a teacher's salary. I'm not sure if I want a partner. I like being alone. I want to be a single parent in the future.", "I have a hard time meeting people. I am busy. I want to be a college professor one day."], "partner_persona": ["I am working on the pictures for my book.", "I am pursuing a teaching degree. I'm going to be a teacher. I am in college. I would be interested in teaching at my old high school. I get along with high school students.", "I am married. I look after my children at home. I have three kids.", "My husband works on automated vehicles.", "I was interested in history. I am pursuing a degree to teach English.", "I will be a young teacher. I am financially supported by my husband's job. I don't need to work.", "I want to get my PhD at some point.", "I will be ending work when my kids get out of school. I have a good husband. I'm sure you''ll find a good husband."], "current_conv": ["I found a local teaching job that would be perfect for me!", "Oh wow, really? Is it a history teaching job, or something new? ", "It's actually teaching 1st graders. It's not history, but I am excited! because I love kids. ", "Aw, I love kids too! My oldest is actually in first grade, and he's so sweet. Have you been interviewed and hired yet, or how far in the application process are you?", "I took my first round of interview, the principle of the school said she would let me know next week. I am not nervous at all because the interview went pretty well. ", "That's wonderful! I hope that goes well for you! I don't need to work because of my husband's job, but I hope I can find a job like that too. It's great to find something so fulfilling. Have you thought a little bit more about whether or not you want a partner?", "When do you plan to start looking for a job? Who will take care of the kids if you do go back to work? I had a horrible past experience with my ex boyfriend and I am not mentally ready to be in a relationship. ", "I'm sorry to hear that! There are so many much more wonderful people out there. I'm casually looking for a job right now, but I'm not doing any serious job search. I could hire a nanny of some kind if I go back to work, although I don't think I trust anyone to watch over my sweet kids.", "I would suggest you wait and let the kids get a little older. If I were you I wouldn't trust anyone either. Also, nanny's are pretty expensive these days", "Especially with my youngest being only two years old, I wouldn't want to miss a single minute of her young life. Also, my middle son, Alexander, has autism so I don't know if anyone would know how to care for him properly. Do you have any experience with kids with special needs? "], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doin today?", "Very well, thanks. Just working on some pictures for my books.", "Oh, that sounds fun, get any good shots?", "I'm illustrating some books today. Have any children? There are three here.", "No kids. But I do love reading. Have you done any work for john grisham?", "No, I do children's books. Some will be for my degree in teaching. Married?", "Still single unfortunatly, but my sister just got married, that was exciting..", "Great, after I got married I stay at home with the three kids and my husband works.", "Oh what does he do for a living, if you don't mind me asking?", "He works on automated vehicle systems. Cars that drive themselves. I'm going into teaching.", "Oh that sounds fun. Right now I work at a fast food place, nothing amazing.", "Any work for honest pay is good work..", "That is for sur, any interesting hobbies to keep you occupied besides photography?", "Not much time currently. I hope to keep illustrating books in the future."], ["I'm interested in pursuing a teaching degree.", "I would definitely recommend it. What level of teaching would you like to teach?", "I'm thinking about teaching history to high school students.", "That is a great idea. Were you interested in history when you were in high school, or had a role model teacher that has inspired you to try to get a teaching degree?", "I actually didn't like it that much when I was in school. I think I didn't have the best history teachers. But a few of my college professors have really made me come to appreciate it a whole lot more than I used to.", "Wow, and now you can go back and be a better teacher than those before you. I was always interested in history, but I am pursuing a teaching career in English.", "What made you want to teach English?", "In fact, it was my college professors too! I had some really awesome ones that provided me with exciting English classes that really boosted my interest in teaching the subject as well.", "It's so interesting that we have such similar reasons. I hope we can both end up more like our professors and less like our teachers.", "Haha that is definitely true! Would you want to go back and teach at your old high school, or would you want to work for somewhere different?", "I think I'd like a different change of pace. I haven't really thought that far ahead yet. How about you?", "Besides some of my teachers, I actually enjoyed my high school very much and would love to go back and work there."], ["I browsed available history teaching jobs to see what the job market might be like.", "How does it look? Are either of us going to be able to find a job when we graduate?", "It's not looking great, I gotta be honest. I don't know if I will be able to afford to live on my own with what they're paying entry teachers, either.", "And then they force us to get our Masters within like 5 years. It's a lot harder to be a young teacher than people think.", "It is. I can't imagine how you can deal with everything when you have the kids. I wonder if I will ever be able to start a family.", "Well, the kids are a challenge, but I do have an advantage in that I don't need to work with my hubby. And you'll definitely be able to start a family. Just find someone who will be your partner, and with both of your incomes, you'll feel rich! lol!", "I guess. But it's hard to meet people. Especially when you're so busy. What grade do you want to teach do you think? I think my professors have inspired me to go collegiate one day.", "High school, I think. I find it easier to get along with the kids at that age. I think that's great that you're considering going for your PhD at some point. If I didn't have the kids, I'd strongly consider that myself.", "Maybe I will do high school in the meantime. How will your children and husband feel when you go back to work?", "My kids will all be in school then, so it'll be perfect as far as hours go. I'll be getting out of school at nearly the same time that they do. And my husband is such a good guy. He just wants me to be happy. I'm sure that you'll find someone like that too. And with the internet, you have so many ways to meet people.", "Totally, but I'm not sure I really want a partner. I sort of like being alone, and might want to be a parent on my own in the future. Who knows.", "Good for you. Don't give in to societal pressure. Not everyone should get married, after all. The high divorce rates prove that."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a parent of three daughters. My two youngest daughters are twins. I have a 4 year old daughter and 3 year old twin girls. I am an involved parent.", "I am in school right now getting a degree in teaching.", "I stay at home and attend college at devry.", "I read online reviews. I watch YouTube videos.", "I have never been to Scotland. I want to take a trip soon. I want to go to London. I live in the United States. I have traveled to France.", "I don't have a masters degree. I don't have a degree yet. I will probably graduate in two years. I will have to transfer schools to graduate. I may take time off from school."], "partner_persona": ["I am well travelled.", "I travelled to Scotland but was not impressed. I did not like Scotland. I traveled to London.", "I don't have children. I have been to France. I do not like Scotland.  I like France and French food.", "I don't have pets.", "I like to travel.", "I have taken online classes in the past."], "current_conv": ["Once I finish school, I'd like to visit London.  What were some of your favorite sites to visit while you were there?", "Big Ben is a must see as is the downtown district! Your kids will enjoy the sites as well!", "I don't know if I want to take them with me or not yet. Is there a lot there for kids do you think?", "Well its always easier to travel without young ones and your kids might be too young to truly experience the trip, but if you decide to take them theres plenty they could enjoy as well.", "That sounds exciting for them. I've watched so many videos with them about travel, they do sort of seem excite.", "It would be a great trip to build memories and help expand their horizons of different cultures, which is needed these days.", "I agree. That's why we watch so many videos about different places. I want them to know as much as they can about our world.", "Thats awesome! Did you take them with you when you traveled to France?", "I didn't it was before I had them. But the food in France would be worth travelling with them. It's SO good", "I must agree, I love French cuisine! They add a special touch that isnt replicated in the States.", "If I lived there I think I'd just eat cheese and bread all day!", "Haha! That wouldnt be bad at all, Id much enjoy that as well."], "history_conv": [["Hey. Tell me about yourself..", "Well, I have been all over the world!.", "That's amazing! I have 3 chikdren.", "Wow, that's a lot. How do you afford it?", "Oh well I am getting my teaching degree.", "Neat! Which school? You should try study abroad.", "I'm currently enrolled online, devry.", "Oh. That isn't a very good school. But kuddos for the effort and thought.", "Yeah, I've heard the good and the ad with it.", "Where would you travel to if you had all the money you needed.", "I would travel to scotland. Without a doubt!.", "Oh wow. I have genuinely already been there.. And it isn't that great."], ["I have read some online reviews of Scotland and watched some You Tube videos about the region.", "Trust me, Scotland is not worth travelling to. How are your kids?", "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy it. Where is your favorite place you've traveled to? I really would like to take a trip soon.", "I went to London, it is really nice there. Do you have sons or daughters?", "I would love to go to London. I live in the United States. The only foreign country I've been to is France. I have three daughters. Two are twins and one is a bit older than the twins. Would you like to have kids one day?", "France is nice, great people and food. Daughters, lovely! I may have kids one day, but it would mean less time for travelling. how old are your kids?", "I have two 3 year olds and one 4 and a half year old. You can see why I need a vacation. Haha. They are good kids, but being a good involved parent can be exhausting. Do you have any pets?", "aww that's adorable! I am sure you are a great parent. Who knows, maybe one day you will teach at the same school as your kids when they are older haha. No pets for me.", "I have thought about that! I think eventually I'd like to teach at the college level, but I would need a masters degree for that, so we'll see. No pets and no kids must make it much easier for you to travel like you like to.", "I guess, it can be a little lonely sometimes. I am sure there is never a dull moment with kids. How many years left until you get your degree?", "I will need to transfer to a different school to finish up, so probably 2. I may take some time off. I'm not in a huge hurry to graduate, but I do want to make sure I continue so my investment in it so far isn't wasted.", "I agree, keep going but take your time. What is devry like?"], ["I am looking into a school to transfer to where I can complete my degree.", "That's a good idea. There are a lot of online schools you can go to so you can still stay home with your kids.", "Have you taken online classes before?", "Nothing formal, just a few things for fun here and there. I've found them to allow a lot of flexibility.", "That's definitely good.  Working around my kids schedules can be difficult.  I'd love to start traveling with them so they can see more of the world.", "That's so good for them. I've been to several European countries in my life.", "Which was your favorite from your travels?", "Well, Scotland was horrible, hated it there.  France was wonderful, especially if you love food.", "I do love food.  Do you think France would be \"kid-friendly\"?  What didn't you like about Scotland?", "It was just all sheep and grass. Pretty, but not great for a vacation.  France is kid friendly, and the cheese there will make any kid happy!", "Ha!  I didn't even think about the cheese!  My oldest daughter absolutely loves cheese!", "Cheese and bread is what France is made of. I don't know how they're not all super overweight over there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work with animals.", "My mom is a nurse working in a hospital.", "I love listening to rock music. I create musical art. I listen to music in nature. I listen to Queen.", "I have a two year old daughter. My daughters name is Hadley.", "I liked the Queen movie. I didn't know much about Freddie Mercury. I like the actor who played Freddie Mercury. I like the show Mr. Robot.", "My birthday is in a few weeks. I am going to San Diego for my birthday. I love Coronado Island. I have family in Coronado Island. My favorite place to go is Coronado Island."], "partner_persona": ["I am a grad student. I own 6 cats.", "I have an older sister that is a teacher, and my day plays piano.", "I am a groupie for the band, Paramore.", "I like rock music, and enjoy listening to people playing the piano. I appreciate deeply all types of music.I listen to Queen. I have not seen the Queen movie. I saw ads for the Queen movie.", "I don't have kids.", "I have not seen Mr. Robot.", " I travel a lot in the summer. I am in school. I take my cats on the road. I drive a van.", "My favorite place is San Diego. I would like to retire in San Diego."], "current_conv": ["I think being a groupie is really cool. What is your favorite part about traveling with a band?", "It is a rough life at times, but also has many perks. I love getting to be in a new place every day, seeing new sights and getting to meet new people!", "That's good to here, its nice that you enjoy your work. You mentioned that your favorite place is San Diego, has the band performed in that city?", "Yes, that's when I first discovered San Diego! You will love it there! What activities are you planning when you go there for your birthday?", "I was hoping to see a lot of the attractions related to art, such as the San Diego Museum of Art. I also want to see some local attractions, preferrably those associated with nature or scenic views. Do you recommend anything in particular?", "I am not sure how you feel about zoos, but the San Diego Zoo may very well be the best one in the world!", "I have been to a couple of zoos before, but I think I would enjoy the San Diego Zoo, especially given its size. What was your favorite animal to see at that zoo?", "I love the gorillas! I could honestly watch them all day. What is your favorite animal to see?", "I like marsupials in general, but my favorite would have to be kangaroos. I think they are pretty unique. My daughter in general just likes seeing all different types of animals, I don't think she has a favorite yet.", "Kangaroos are so cool! Hadley will absolutely love the zoo, you must take her! The weather is usually pretty good there as well, so I would also recommend going to the beach.", "Sounds like a good idea, there is a lot of choices of things to do in San Diego. Hopefully, I get the chance to see as much as I can for my birthday.", "You will have a great time! Do you like seafood? The seafood there is so delicious, and super fresh. Anything you eat was probably caught fresh that morning."], "history_conv": [["What are you interested in?", "Hi, I'm a grad student and have 6 cats so that keeps me pretty busy. You?", "Wow! My job involves animals! Do you have any close family?", "Yes I have an older sister who teaches kids and my dad plays piano professionally..", "My mom works in a hospital as a nurse, so she has some long hours.", "When I'm not working I'm a groupie for the band paramore, so I know about long hours.", "Awesome! I love rock music!", "Yes, rock music and I am of course a fan of piano because of my father.", "Quite the eclectic mix of styles! I also create my own musical art!", "That's great, I have a deep appreciation for musical types.", "Likewise. Nothing better than zoning out with some music in nature.", "Exactly, the cats love the music as well, it relaxes them."], ["I was researching more bands to listen not too long ago, and I found one that I really enjoy that I haven't heard of before. Their music is really good and unique, and something I really recommend you should listen to. I'll send you a link to a YouTube video so you can have a listen.", "Wow! That would be really awesome. I would totally love that.", "Definitely! No problem at all. How are the cats? I still can't imagine having 6 of them. Are they all indoor cats?", "Yeah. They are bit stressful to control but I love them all. You said you work with animals. I'm pretty sure you can handle six cats.", "I could handle them for brief periods of time, I'm sure, but I don't know if I could handle them longterm. It just depends on personality, and unfortunately it's hard to know what their personalities will be like when you're first adopting them.", "I totally understand you. I try to get some time off from them by going to a room where I can listen to Freddie Macquarie. You know him, don't you?", "The lead singer of Queen? Yes, definitely know him. At least the music relaxes your cats! I have a 2-year-old daughter. I wish music would relax her :)", "A 2-year-old daughter! What's her name?", "Hadley. A family name. Do you have any kids?", "Not yet. Although, I would love to have a daughter. I just love female kids. They are so caring", "Yes! Sometimes quite dramatic, but that's probably kids in general -- trying to learn to navigate this big world must be tough.", "I can definitely relate to what you are saying. Do you take your daughter to visit her grandma sometimes?"], ["Played music for your daughter to see how she likes it.", "Do you mean you played music for your daughter?  Hadley?", "Yes, sorry typo lol. Have you seen the Queen movie that came out a few years ago?", "No, I didn't see it.  Did you?  Was it any good?  I saw ads for it and the actor who played Freddie Mercury looked like he might have done a good job.", "It was good, I didn't know much about his background. I really like that actor, he did one of my favorite shows called Mr. Robot. Have you seen it?", "No, I haven't seen that either.  What's it about?  Robots?", "oh noooo. It is about a group of hackers that try to take down a corporation. Also about schizophrenia. The director does a great job with each episode. Do you travel a lot being a groupie?", "Yes, in the summers when I'm not in school I travel around following the band.  My cats and I pile into a van and hit the road.", "Dang that's very cool. Where is your favorite place you have been too?", "I think San Diego is really beautiful.  There are lots of really cool, beautiful places around the country, but San Diego has such great weather and scenery and just a really relaxed vibe.", "I will be in san diego for my birthday in a few weeks. I love Coronado Island. I have family that lives there and it's easliy my favorite place to go. Well I work with animals so if i am there and I see a person in a van with six cats I'll honk to say hello and maybe provide a free check up lol", "Hahaha, I'll be looking for you, too!  That's so cool that you have family that lives there.  I think at this point I'd choose to retire in San Diego if and when I get to that point."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just graduated high school.", "I have a car. I can drive. I live in a small town.", "I want to move out. I am moving to Arizona.", "I do not trust the police.", "I love roses. I love the outdoors. I have friends in Arizona. I like canoeing and hiking.", "I like Five Finger Death Punch.", "I like amusement parks. I like concerts.", "I am moving to Arizona in one week.", "I like KFC. I like eating at concerts.", "I drive a Chevrolet Impala."], "partner_persona": ["I am a car salesman.", "I like to garden. I have a garden with roses.", "I love murder mystery novels.", "My mom was a police officer.", "I like Five Finger Death Punch.", "I find concerts fun.", "I am available to go to Arizona at 6pm. I am going to the concert.", "I like KFC. I want popcorn at the concert.", "I have a girlfriend coming with me to the concert. I need to make sure she'll be coming with me. I don't have tickets."], "current_conv": ["Will your girlfriend be coming?", "Yes, I managed to convince her to come with me! Are you going there by yourself?", "As of now yes, but my friend is on about buying a ticket, but i didn't want to wait to get my ticket just incase they changed their mind. ", "Great, I found a website to get the tickets to the concert. I'll get two for myself and my girlfriend. Are you almost done packing for the move? ", "Oh that is awesome. Sort of done packing, I honestly forgot how long it takes to put everything in to boxes. But hoping i will be done in a couple of days by the latest. ", "I can imagine that, sounds like a lot of work to move across country like that. The furthest I have moved was from Pennsylvania to Rhode Island. Have you been to any of these two states before?", "Yeah it really is too much work haha. I have yet to have gone to either of those states yet i have heard some great things about both though. Would you recommend visiting both of those states?  ", "There are many parks in PA. I'm a nature person, so I like to go hiking and kayaking at the parks. RI is very tiny, you can probably see the whole state in a day. However, they do have great beaches over there. Are you a mountain or a beach kind of person? ", "Oh, PA sounds amazing. I honestly enjoy both the mountains and the beach but if i had to choose one it would have to be the mountains. The scenery is unreal and I love to explore and hike. ", "I figured you would like PA because you like canoeing and hiking. Maybe once you settle in Arizona and start working there, you can find some time to travel to the east coast for the parks here?", "Yeah I am defiantly going to put that on my list of places to visit, I am hopefully going to start visiting at lest two new states a year. I love the idea of being able to travel the world there is so many great places i need to go. Do you get to travel often? ", "That sounds like a great idea. I travel abroad maybe once a year and domestically twice a year. I love to experience different kind of culture and food."], "history_conv": [["I just graduated 12 grade,ready to take on the world.", "Wooo hooo! Congrats! I'm a car salesman, but I guess you can't drive yet.", "I can drive,im just stuck in a small town.", "You should try to get out more. Maybe you need a car!", "I have one and im going cross country and not coming back.", "That sounds fun - me, I like to garden.", "Thats cool,should I wright a postcard?", "Yes! Maybe you can write a murder mystery novel. I love reading those.", "Lol,i just cant wait to be under the stars in arizona.", "No way! My mom was a police officer in arizona!", "Ugh,i dont like police I dont trust them nowadays.", "That's fair, but my mom is cool! She likes 5 finger death punch, just like me!"], ["What kind of plants are in your garden?", "I grow beautiful flowers like roses in my garden", "Oh I love roses! They are beautiful but they kind of stink to me. My neighbor has HUGE rose bushes. I will miss them when I move.", "when are you moving to Arizona?", "Hopefully soon. I'm trying to finalize plans! It's just time for me to spread my wings and see the world.", "I think that's really great. But why Arizona? What's your interest in the place?", "I just love the outdoors there. There's always so much to do and the weather is great. I have a bunch of friends there and we are planning a huge canoeing trip followed by a long hike.", "That sounds like a lot of fun!", "It really is! Speaking of hobbies..  have you been to any Five Finger Death Punch concerts lately? I heard there was one last month in your area.", "No, I wasn't able to go for the concert. I had business to attend to. Did you go for it?", "I didn't but only because I was out of town with some friends. We went to an amusement park. Have you done anything fun lately?", "Yeah. I went out with my girlfriend to see a movie. It was really fun for the both of us."], ["There is a concert being held this weekend. Do you want to go?", "Sure that sounds like fun. What time is it? Where is it located?", "It will be at Arizona at 6pm. Will you be available ?", "Yes, I should be able to make it. When are you going to move to Arizona?", "Specifically the concert will be held at Chase Field, 401 E. Jefferson St., Phoenix. June 14. Time 6pm. I will be moving in a week time.", "Okay, I will see you at the concert. Do you want to maybe get food before hand? Or will they have food at the place?", "Yeah they should be a KFC around there. Do hope you like KFC ? but we can also get some pop corn and cola at the venue.", "Yes I like KFC. Popcorn will also be good when we get there. What kind of car will you be driving>", "I will be driving a Chevrolet Impala. Will you be coming with your girlfriend ?", "Yes, I think she will be coming with me. I will have to make sure she wants to come first. Do we just buy tickets there?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have good kids.", "I work for myself. I am a landlord. I need help with my business. I'm stressed. It's difficult running a business on my own. I'm going to ask my mom for help.", "I also like my mom. I have a good relationship with mom.", "My child went to college. I have a daughter that went to Stanford.", "I have 2 daughters. I only have 1 daughter at home. My daughters are 20 and 16.", "I hate running. I would like to enjoy running. My headphones fall out when I exercise."], "partner_persona": ["I like music.", "I am a student in high school. I have a good gpa. I am on the track team.", "I have a mother who is a stay at home mom. I like my mom.", "I want to go to Stanford. And I want to go to UC Berkeley.", "I am  going to a track meeting after school. I am good at running. I practice running.", "I did not like running at first. I use running to clear my head. I listen to music while I run. I stay in shape by running.", "I like cordless headphones."], "current_conv": ["I bought myself some running shoes when I went shopping. But I still haven't worked up the motivation to go running.", "That's a great first step! What do you think is preventing you from getting out there and giving it a try?", "I think once I start I will be fine, I just don't have the motivation to start. Work has been a little busy, and my daughter at Stanford is having some trouble with her room mates. I need to start running for some me time.", "I think that taking time for yourself each day to get out and run will be really beneficial! What is going on with your daughter and her roommates? ", "My daughter is on the clean side, apparently her roommate is not :) Hey, did I mention I got those wireless headphones you suggested. Neat little things. Can't wait to try them out. ", "Oh I see, I hope they can work it out! Maybe they can come up with a chore list/schedule to post on the fridge or something? I am so glad you got the headphones! It will be great for your runs to zone out to some music or listen to podcasts.", "Wow, I suggested the same thing... a chore list. Great minds think alike. I have downloaded some music to run too, guess that's a start right?", "For sure! What type of music have you downloaded? Who is your favorite musician?", "I secretly love the new dance music, perhaps that's the kids influence. But I did download some old tunes like AC/DC and disco to get the blood flowing", "Haha, I love it! That is great music to run to, it will really get you hyped up! Maybe your 16 year old can run with you as well? You could keep each other motivated!", "I have asked her, but I suspect she doesn't want to be seen with me. One day she'll see me as cool again LOL", "Oh right, I guess she is at that age! She will grow out of it and you two will be best friends again when she comes to her senses!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you doing today?", "I'm well, and you?", "Very well thank you! I just dropped off my kids at school.", "I hope they are great students, I know its hard maintaining my straight a's.", "They can be a handful, but they are good kids. Any fun hobbies?", "Well, I do enjoy music, my father works in the steel industry so I want better.", "Then you should pursue it! I work for myself at the moment..", "Is that profitable? I'm a track runner in my high school but the olympics is pretty lofty.", "It can be, I rent out and maintain several homes. Tenants can be a pain.", "My mother is a stay at home mom so that may be an avenue she should explore.", "If she is looking for work, I could use a hand! We could be a mom duo!", "That's awesome! She's a pretty dedicated woman. My inspiration!", "Moms are great, but I am a bit biased! Do you guys have a family movie night?", "Not really, dad spends a lot of his time providing for us, hence my gpa."], ["I hope school went well today. Did you have a track meet?", "I did have a track meet! It went really well. I'm excited about it. How was business today?", "Great, how did it go? Business could be going better but it is a bit stressful.", "It went very well. Sorry it was so stressful. What happened?", "It is just difficult running a business on your own, I am going to ask my mom for some advice since she's good at that stuff. How's your mom doing?", "She has been doing well. It is great that you can go to you're mom with those questions. How about her? She doing well?", "Yes, I am lucky to have a good relationship with her. My mom is fine thanks, she has been helping me out with babysitting, I am grateful.", "That must be so helpful. How are the kids? It is great that she gets to spend so much time with them.", "They are great, my eldest has moved away for college.", "I can imagine that is difficult! What school?", "She went to Stanford. Are you planning on going to college in the future?", "I definitely am. I would love to go to Stanford. I'm split between there and UC Berkeley. Assuming I get in of course."], ["I'm going shopping with my daughter", "Have fun shopping with your daughter. Where are you going to take her shopping at?", "I think we will just walk around the mall today. She needs some new clothes. What are you up to today?", "That sounds like fun. I have to go to a track meeting after school. How many children do you have?", "I have 2 daughters. Only one is at home now. Wow, I bet you are a really good runner to be on the track team.", "Yes, I am pretty good at running. I was not very good at first but practice helped me so much. How old are your girls?", "Really? That gives me hope. My daughters are 20 and 16. So, do you think if I start practicing running I can get good at it? Or is it genetics?", "Yes, I think that if you start slow each day and build yourself up over time, then you should be able to be come better at it. So do you like running?", "Honestly I've always hated running, but I like the idea of a sport that you can do alone and requires no equipment. It seems like it'd be pretty convenient to like.", "I did not like it to much at first either. But it really helps me clear my head and if I am not at school and run I always put headphone in and listen to music. Clears the mind, also helps me stay in shape.", "Exactly, I can imagine. I always struggle with headphone when I'm exercising though. They always seem to fall out of my ear. Have you found good ones that don't fall out?", "I try and use the cordless ones because I am not always pulling on the string making them fall out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet.", "I love hiking and running.", "I am my own boss. I make my own schedule. I don't make a lot of money. I'm starting a new equipment business. I don't have anyone who helps me. I would like some help.", "I love coffee.", "I am planning on marketing my business on social media. I want people to work for me and help me.", "I like hanging out with my friends."], "partner_persona": ["I play League of Legends. I love playing video games on my laptop. My favorite hero in League of Legends in Alistar.", "I like hanging out with my friends and playing video games. I like video games more than my friends. I like playing video games alone. I play NBA and NHL games on Playstation. I am good at sports games. I usually win. I am not as good at first-person shooter games.", "I am a teenager. I work at McDonald's part-time. My boss and locals are nice. I am a part-time waiter.", "I take my coffee black. My work has great coffee.", "I don't make a lot of money. I'm not planning on making more money. I want a pay raise. I don't need to make a lot of money right now.", "I am flexible with my schedule. I go to school. I have projects and homework. I worked after school in the afternoon and evening. I saw my friends at night."], "current_conv": ["Do you have a favorite video game?", "Whatever the newest NBA game is is always my favorite. They get better every year. What about you?", "I like FPSs mostly, I have trouble getting into third person games where you're moving your character around.", "Ah, I get that. I don't really care for FPSs personally for the opposite reason. I feel like I can't see enough from just that first person view. I guess we're kinda opposites lol", "I know exactly what you mean!  It's like looking through a tube blocking your peripheral vision!", "Yeah, lol, that's why i like NBA. I can see the who court and not worry about stuff like my peripheral. Have you every played an NBA game?", "Just to try out.  I decided a few years back to limit my gaming time to an hour per day as it was interfering with my social and work life.", "Woah, good for you. I could never do that. I'd be so bored lol. I use gaming as a way to get my head out of work and school, you know?", "Oh yeah!  It's a great escape from the mundanities of life, but I'm trying to get my business going and need to concentrate on that.", "Yeah, that makes sense. Glad you're able to focus on your business. How's the marketing going?", "It's a lot of work!  I'm doing the marketing and installations by myself, I need to hire someone to do the installs and then I can work marketing full time.", "Wow, that sounds like a lot of work. I hope you can find someone to help you out!"], "history_conv": [["Hello there, how your day.", "Heya. Day is great. Just finished playing league of legends.", "I have been in doors all day with my animal.", "Nice. I play a lot of video games on my new laptop when I'm inside.", "I love having leisure activity what about you?", "Me too. My favourite hero in lol is alistar. That's what I do for leisure.", "I like goinf on to hike and run during my leisure time.", "Cool. I hang with my friends and play video games. All about gaming. Where do you work?", "I am a boss of my own what about you.", "That's cool. I'm just a teenager. Got my first job at mcdonald's.", "I really love coffee what about you?", "Me too. Wehere I work hasvtasty coffee. I drink it black. You?"], ["How has the job at McDonald's been going so far?", "It's been going great. My boss is very nice and the locals are very friendly.", "that's great to hear! what do you do at mcdonald's?", "I work as a waiter at mcdonald's. It's a part-time job for me.", "nice! are you making good money?", "Not really much, just enough to get by. How does it feel being your own boss?", "it's great, I love not having to take orders from anyone.  Plus I get to make my own schedule.", "That sounds really fantastic! Do you make a lot of money?", "Not really.  I'm trying to start a new equipment business and I'm still trying to get it off the ground.", "Oh! It must be really difficult for you. Do you have someone who assists you?", "nope.  I'm doing it all myself.  I could use some help if you're interested.", "Yeah, I would totally love that. Just brief me on what I need to do"], ["How do you plan on making more money?", "I'm not really planning on it right now. A raise would be nice, they are paying $15/hour at some locations now to try and get people work.", "Sound goods. I am planning on marketing my business on social media. probably that will raise more attention.", "Oh, yes that is a great idea! I don't really need to make a lot right now, so I'm okay. Maybe if you get some attention from the social media people will want to work for you and help you.", "Yes that's the goal. How do you manage work with studies as a teenager ?", "I have to be flexible, but it is not too tough. I work part-time, tops 20hrs a week. This usually leaves me enough time to finish my projects and homework.", "That working hours sure sounds flexible. when last did you hangout with friends ?", "Oh, last Saturday. I worked in the afternoon/evening after school and then saw my friends at night.", "Chilling with friends at night is quite pleasant. Did you guys play any video games ?", "Of course haha. My buddies aren't into LoL as much as I am, and its more fun to play alone. We usually play nba/nhl games on playstation.", "Hahaha I guess you the champion amongst them. am I right ?", "Im good at sports games, so yea I usually win. Im not as good at first person shooter games, which they love."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I teach English.", "I volunteer to help the homeless. I have seen homeless people with bad teeth.", "I like comedy movies. I like movies with Madea.", "I want to work with someone who has done a lot of good for the homeless population. I want to help all the homeless people.", "I teach little kids. I may want to teach adults at night. I may want to teach the homeless.", "I am worried about time. I have to grade papers and write lesson plans. I have a family."], "partner_persona": ["English is my mother tongue. I am from the Midwest.", "I have been a dentist for the past 14 years. I have a lot of customers lately.", "I spend money on gold, which is my favorite metal.", "I help my twin sister a lot.", "I love watching movies. My wife sleeps in a different room than me. I have not seen a Madea movie.", "I like Channing Tatum.", "I like finger foods.", "I have a program that allowed homeless people to come in and get dental work for free. I have had a few homeless patients. I am trying to set up a mobile clinic.", "I always have so much to do. I need to get my mobile clinic ready.", "I want to help all the homeless people. I can feel overwhelmed by all that needs to be done. I enjoy my job. I think it would be great to teach the homeless."], "current_conv": ["How can I specifically help you with your clinic?", "Considering your volunteer experience, there is plenty you can do at my clinic. I am still in the process of setting up the mobile clinic, but you can help me spread the word so people can learn of the program where homeless people can get dental work for free.", "I can do that! Do you have any flyers or business cards I can give out?", "Yes, I do have some flyers that my clinic just had made, and you can help to distribute. In addition, be sure to mention the program to anyone that you think can benefit from it, or post about it online with a link to my clinic's website.", "I would be glad to! How are you doing today?", "I am feeling fine for the time being, I have been a bit swamped in the past couple of days due to there being a bit more customers than normal. I am sure it will ease up in the future, and I will be a lot more relaxed.", "I have faith that it will. Surges can happen in any line of work. Are you making sure to do anything to take care of yourself? ", "I am making sure to spend some time with family to relax, and to exercise now and then to keep in shape. I have considered meditation, as my wife abides by it, but I have not yet had the chance to do so.", "I hear meditation helps to reduce your blood pressure and stress levels. I do it on occasion and often feel like it's extremely helpful! Too bad I can't meditate when I'm teaching!", "Good to know, maybe I might consider doing meditation a bit more if it helps lower my blood pressure. Do you feel stressed out from teaching little children?", "It can be very stressful at times, but it's also ultimately rewarding. Mostly it just gets a little frustrating at time because children have so much energy and there are so many of them together in the classroom that reining them in can often seem like a hopeless endeavor.", "Is that why you are considering teaching adults at night? Do you believe adults would be easier to handle than children, which ultimately would cause you less stress and anxiety?"], "history_conv": [["Hey is english your mother tongue?", "It is. I'm from the midwest.", "Oh. I teach english so I was gonna do a shameless plug.", "Lol. I've been a dentist for the past 14 years.", "You must have money. I volunteer with the homeless. You should open your wallet.", "I have some, but I spend it on gold which is my favorite metal.", "Fair enough. But you should really consider being charitable.", "I actually help out my twin sister quite a bit.", "But that is family doesn't count. Do you like movies?", "Love movies. I watch them a lot as my wife and I sleep in different rooms.", "Wow, unecessarily deep. Maybe we should go see a comedy together?", "That sounds fun. What do you have in mind?", "Maybe something madea related..", "I'm not familiar with that."], ["I ended up finding a couple of comedy movies that we can watch, and I wanted to give you the list so you can pick out the one that seems the most interesting to you. I am fine watching whichever you end up picking.", "That sounds wonderful! What did you end up finding?", "I think we should choose between Wedding Crashers, Clerks, Groundhog Day, Ghostbusters, or 21 Jump Street. Do any of those stand out to you?", "Well I love 21 Jump Street because Channing Tatum is one of my favorite actors. Are there going to be a bunch of us getting together to watch it?", "Yes, I think we could make it a big get-together. I am thinking about inviting a few other friends of mine. Would your wife like to come?", "Yes I bet she'd love to. I can also invite my sister and a couple of our mutual friends if that's ok? We can have a big movie party. Maybe do two movies.. or some snacks?", "That sounds like a plan! Let me know how many people are coming on your end and I can prepare food accordingly. What are some good movie night foods besides popcorn?", "We could do finger foods and stuff. Are you sure you will have time to get this all prepped around your work schedule?", "I should be okay. We're getting closer to the Summer, so most of my major work assignments are wrapping up. It will be a good way to close out the year. How has dentistry been?", "It's been great. There has been an influx of people in lately so business is booming. It's nice to see people taking their teeth seriously!", "That's great. I encounter a lot of homeless people who deal with serious damage to their teeth from years of neglect. It's always so sad to see", "We have a program at our practice that allows for homeless to come in and get dental work done free of charge. I have 6 appointments a week I keep open."], ["Have you worked on any homeless people lately?", "I've worked on a few. Sometimes it's hard for them to get to my office, I'm trying to set up a mobile clinic so I can go to areas with a lot of homeless people to make it easier for them.", "Maybe I can help. I have been volunteering a lot, but would love to work with someone I know has done a lot of good for them.", "That would be wonderful. There is always so much to do. When I get my mobile clinic ready I will let you know so we can make plans.", "Thank you. It will be awesome working with you. And being able to help them also. So many need help and I just want to help them all.", "I know the feeling. There is so much that needs to be done, but only so much time and money to go around. It can feel overwhelming.", "I'm sure it is between doing that and dealing with all your other clients it does get overwhelming. I am sure it will all work out. You can't give up on something that gives your pleasure to be able to do.", "Oh I won't. I do enjoy it and it's too important to quit on. Tell me about your teaching job, do you only teach in a school or do you teach English to adults also?", "I usually only teacher little kids, but I have been thinking of maybe teaching adults at night. Or maybe even to the homeless who need it.", "I think that would be a great idea. I'm sure you would really like it and it's a great way to give back.", "Yes, it is. I'm just worried about time. Between grading and lesson plans. Plus family and already volunteering. Can I make the time?", "It does take a lot. But maybe if you started small, just 1 night a week or a set number of classes, you could get an idea of how it would go without being overwhelmed. It is important not to take to much time away from your own family, too."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work for the government.  I have two children.", "I like horror movies.", "Napping is a hobby of mine.", "I have not read any book like Way of Kings. The book I read most recently was about treating people who have had someone close to them die. I have a younger good friend who suddenly lost her husband. I read the book because she recommended it. I find the book on grief very helpful. I am closer friends now with the woman who recommended the book to me because I have learned how to support her.", "I'm not an empathetic person. I read self help books."], "partner_persona": ["I like novels about government spies. I read a lot.", "My dad is a fireman. My mom is a doctor. I live with my mom and dad and pets.", "The book I read recently was  Way of Kings by Brandon Sanderson. I like government spy novels best, but like other genres too. I have a friend that recommended the series to me. I have read the other three books in the series already.", "I have a hard time reading self-help books but I am rethinking that because of what you said. I read a book to improve my social life.", "I have ridden on the fire truck with my dad. My dad has worked on a fire truck all his life.", "I have a job. I've been working on improving my social life with my coworkers."], "current_conv": ["I started a new self help book. It really provides guidance with initiating conversations with coworkers. ", "That's great. In some of the books I read, some of the government workers are spies. How are your relations with your coworkers? Have you ever had someone suspicious where you work?", "My relationship with my coworkers is very cordial, but I am not close with any of them. I believe this is mostly my fault for being somewhat closed off, so I am trying to learn how to be more open with people. I cannot say I have had any suspicions about anyone I work with, but maybe if I start getting closer to them I will learn some secrets! ", "In the self help book I am reading, it emphasizes that making clear boundaries between coworkers is essential. It also explains some mental exercises to do the night before you go to work to imrpove relationships with coworkers. If you do run into someone suspicious, I would be careful. In the spy novels I read, spies are dangerous.", "That is some very good advice. Maybe I can borrow that book from you when you are done reading it. I think that I view my coworkers as very regular, boring people. But maybe those are the ones you need to watch out for! haha.", "I will definitely lend you the book when I am done with it. Maybe I could borrow your book when you are done with it. We can also share how helpful the books has been for us. Mine is helping me. The other day, I was able to express myself more deeply over the phone with one of my coworkers.", "I would love that, we could start a little book club! I am happy to hear you were able to have that breakthrough with one of your coworkers. How did they respond to the conversation?", "They were delightfully surprised. Does your book say anything about improved relationships with coworkers improving productivity? My book says that relationships with coworkers and your work environment are one and the same and thus both influence productivity. Good relations enhance productivity. ", " I cannot say it mentions anything about that, I will need to learn more when I get a hold of your book. I am excited to read it. I suppose that will be a win-win then, if I can improve my relationships with my coworkers. We do spend most of our lives with our coworkers, so it really is important to cultivate those relationships.", "What do you do for the government? I work odd jobs off and on. At the moment, I am on a two-week-long construction assignment.", "I am not allowed to say what I do, unfortunately! Maybe if we get together in person I can give you more insight!", "Do you make a lot of money? My book says that in general, bringing up how much money you make it is not an appropriate topic of conversation. However, there are times in casual when it is acceptable to state how much you earn per hour or per year."], "history_conv": [["Hello I have two children and work for the government.", "Exciting! I love reading novels about government spies!", "Nice! I prefer movies, horror movies to be exact!", "Scary! Like my dad's job as a fireman! Dangerous!", "Yep. But my hobby of napping is safe!", "Indeed. I'd never wake you because I'm such a nice person.", "I appreciate that. I also like to pain. And am decent at it.", "Well my mom's a doctor, she's not a fan of pain!", "Me either. Where do you live?", "With mom and dad, and our animals. I love them all!", "What is your present occupation?", "I just read, like all the time! I need motivation!"], ["Have you read any good books lately?", "Yes! The most recent book I read was Way of Kings by Brandon Sanderson. It's not my typical government spy book but every now and then I'll branch out.", "Oh interesting. I have not read any books like this. What was it like?", "It's actually a fantasy book set in a different world. There is action, betrayal, love interests, and mystical aspects to it. This book discussed mental health a lot which I found really interesting in a fantasy novel.", "I agree, I have not really ever heard mental health being discussed in that type of novel. What attracted you to the book?", "It is a series of books. One comes out every two years or so. This was the fourth one and I have read the other three so I just wanted to keep the story going. I think a friend recommended the series to me originally and I thought I would give it a shot.", "Well it must have been good if you stuck with it over time. My most recent read has been a book about how to treat people who have experienced the death of someone close to them.", "It is! It's quite long so if you have time you should look into the series. Interesting. How come you chose to read that book?", "I might have to look into it. I have a good friend that is much younger than me who lost her husband suddenly. They were incredibly close. When it came to people's reactions to her grief the reactions were less than great, so she found the book and recommended it. It is very insightful.", "A loss like that is so hard for family and friends. I'm sure she will appreciate you trying to understand how she feels and taking the time to read it. Was it helpful?", "It is super helpful. It reminds readers that everyone's grief is different, and not to compare your experience with theirs, but instead to support and listen to the person that has suffered the loss. Our friendship has become a lot closer since the death of her husband because I understand how to support her.", "That is great to hear! I'm glad you can help her and be there for her. I have a hard time reading \"self-help\" books like that but experience like you had makes me rethink that."], ["Have you ever ridden with your dad on the fire truck? I know sometimes they are allowed to have ride-alongs.", "I have! There's a lot of interesting equipment and lights in there.", "I can only imagine! It's probably hard to learn how to use all the buttons.", "Of course, but my dad has been doing it for his entire life, so he knows his way around. Do either of your children like fire trucks?", "Of course!  I think all little ones go through a fire truck stage. I've sort of outgrown it though, lol.", "Well anyways, I picked up that book you recommended to me. I've been meandering through it since it's not really my style. After about 20 pages in, I have learned a thing or two about how to improve my social life!", "That's good to hear. I know self help books can be hard to read sometimes.", "Yea. I think its a lot of mumbo jumbo, but I've started applying them to my everyday life and I can say that my overall engagement with my coworkers has improved.", "I bet that has felt great! I admit I'm not a very good empathetic person, but some of these books have helped."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like hunting deer.", "I donate to and volunteer with animal welfare organizations.", "I want to get into running marathons. I've never run a half-marathon. I am interested in finding a trainer to help me train for marathons.", "I don't know anything about Alsatians as a dog breed.", "I've been running everyday. I'm trying to get in shape. I'm working on a diet."], "partner_persona": ["I am immigrant from Scotland.  I have hunted. I foster some hunting dogs. They are Alsatians and are doing great.", "I like to run half marathons. I don't keep records of my runs, so I am not sure when I last ran a half-marathon. I've run a bunch of half-marathons.", "I feel that my house is safer because of my dogs. I take my dogs hunting and they track for me.", "I have a German Shepherd."], "current_conv": ["I bet Scotland is beautiful this time of year. ", "I am biased, but it's beautiful every time of year! Have you ever been to Scotland?", "Never, but I would like to one day.  It's currently hunting season where I'm at so I'll be staying put for now.", "That's a good point, maybe in your off-season you can go exploring! Have you done much traveling before?", "Not really.  I'm a homebody since I like the area I grew up in.  How old were you when you immigrated from Scotland?", "I moved after I finished school. I was very restless and there were not very man job opportunities at the time. I do miss it a lot, and I hope to move back there one time. It's a much simpler way of life over there.", "Yeah things can get pretty chaotic here, that's why I go hunting, it's actually a very calming hobby.  Did you hunt back in Scotland, or is that something you picked up after you immigrated?", "Oh, I grew up doing that as a child! There's nothing else to do living in rural Scotland! I think you would love hunting there on the rugged terrain, I am sure it is quite different than what you are used to.", "Man, you make me want to travel to Scotland right now!  That sounds like an awesome place to go hunting.  How does your Alsatian dogs help you during your hunt?  I know nothing about them.", "They have amazing instincts and are very good at tracking prey! Do you have any pets yourself?", "No I don't, but I would like to get a dog as a companion during my hunts.  Does your German Shepherd go on your hunts as well?", "Yes, of course! I don't know if I could hunt without my dogs, if you get one it will be a game-changer."], "history_conv": [["Hey have you ever been hunting?", "Why yes, I have being an immigrant from europe we do alot of hunting.", "They hunt a lot in america too.. Where in europe?", "Scotland, I actually foster a few hunting dogs.", "Oh wow. I like hunting deer, don't worry.", "What other hobbies do you do?", "I also like to donate and volunteer with animal welfare organizations.", "Wow, that is really cool..", "Aw thanks that is sweet to say. What about you?", "My other favorite thing to do is marathon, half is my favorite.", "Oh wow. That is something I want to get into. Can you help?", "Sure anytime, I love being around people."], ["What was the fastest time you ran a half marathon in?", "I don't know. I usually don't keep records of my runs. How about you?", "I haven't ran one yet but i'm trying to get into it.  How should i train for one?", "I don't know. I think it would be best you have a trainer to coach you through..", "True.  Do you know where I can find a good trainer?", "A gym in your area would be a good place to start. The gym is a really good place to find good trainers and body builders.", "that's true.  how have your dogs been?", "They've been just amazing. They are of the Alsatian breed", "I'm not familiar with that breed.  Is there a more common name?", "None that I know of. Alsatian dogs are guard dogs. They are very smart dogs.", "That sounds awesome.  Your house must be very safe then", "I've never felt safer. When I went hunting, I took them along with me. They are very good at tracking."], ["I volunteered at a shelter this afternoon and there was an Alsatian there!", "Really? How cool! How were they? Were they friendly or just super active and spastic? lol!", "They were really friendly! Say, do you know were I could find a good marathon trainer?", "I'm not sure, but look google Jeff Galloway. He is kind of the father of the run/walk method of hitting fast times and avoiding injuries. I know that he has very active training groups all around the country.", "Cool! I'll be sure to check him out. Have you ever been part of an official, organized marathon?", "Well, kind of. I've run a bunch of half-marathons and they typically are part of the same group that runs marathons, they just take a separate route. Some races actually have the races on separate days, but most races take place on the same track at the same time, just slightly different routes. Is there something that you want to know?", "Well, I'm trying to run at least a half-marathon soon. I've been taking runs everyday for about an hour so I can start to get more in shape. I'm also trying to keep better tabs on my diet, since I know that definitely has an effect. Maybe we could run sometime together?", "Absolutely! I'd love to have a running partner sometimes. Maybe we could do our long runs together on weekend mornings. We could help keep each other motivated and have a lot of fun in the process.", "Yeah for sure! Do you sometimes bring you dogs on your runs? I would love to see them in person.", "Oh yeah. A German Shepherd (I will never understand why they changed the name to Alsatians) can easily do a quick 10 miles and still be ready to play fetch after that! lol!", "Wow, I didn't know they were that active! I guess hunting dogs are really active which makes sense. Have your dogs ever saved you from an intruder?", "I'm not sure, but probably. Anytime that I've been suspicious when they went crazy barking at night, there wasn't anyone outside. I think they're the best burglar alarms in the world."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am not near the ocean.", "I want my own business.", "I am an artist. I do pottery and dishes.", "I have never been surfing. I do not live near the ocean. I have been snowboarding.", "I want a pet.", "I just finished making a vase."], "partner_persona": ["I used to work in accounting.  I am now doing freelance work. I am a freelance graphic designer.", "I am living in a new city. I live near the beach. I want to learn how to surf.", "I have been snowboarding before.", "I have a retriever rescue dog named Daisy. I have had a dog for 3 years.", "I live by the ocean. My dog loves the ocean.", "I am a freelancer. I wish there were more benefits to being a freelancer."], "current_conv": ["So are you quite busy at the moment with freelance work?", "I have been very busy. I wish that my work would even out a bit. It seems like my freelance job is always feast or famine. ", "Is there anything I can do to help? I've been in that position before and I can only imagine that the down swing is very rough financially.", "It is tough financially, but it's even tougher regarding time. It seems like I'm either working 80 hours a week or 10 hours a week. It is impossible to budget right now, though.", "I can imagine. Your starting to scare me off from the dream of having my own business. Well, like I said, if you need any help just let me know. I have the time to do whatever is necessary to help you. ", "Thanks so much for your offer. And I'm not trying to scare you off. It's just growing pains, I'm sure. It will be worth it once I'm totally established and my business is humming along. It is great to not be working for anyone else, though. ", "The freedom really is the appeal to that kind of a business or job. Maybe I could come out there and take care of your dog the next time that you are busy? Or, if you aren't busy I could come out to visit you in your new place and we could try surfing!  ", "That would be great! We could both be horrible surfers together. lol! I'm sure that you'll do great in your business. And I don't think you'll have the same time pressure that I do. I have to collect clients, while you're just planning to create pottery products and then sell them, right? You should have more regular working hours.", "Regular working hours is a must for me. I don't think I could do those random hours that you seem to be doing. When is the next opportunity that I could come out there to visit you? ", "Whenever is convenient for you. One of the advantages of being your own boss is creating your own time off. Just give me a couple weeks notice, please, and we'll be all set. I'd love to see you.", "How about in three weeks from now? I'll have to hammer out the exact dates that could work for me but does that work for you?", "It does. My current project that's keeping me so busy right now ends in about 2 weeks, so that would be perfect!"], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you.", "Hi, where are you from? I'm near the ocean.", "I am not near the ocean that's for sure.", "You should try! Its fantastic. Just my retriever and I now in the house.", "Oh sounds like a decent life.", "Yes, after I left the rat race in accounting, I moved here to do some freelance work.", "Yea I prefer not to have a boss too.", "Very true, I'm starting everything over. New career, new city, new life.", "That sounds like a good plan.", "No more 9 to 5. I'll work on my business when I want and enjoy life.", "I want to do something similar myself.", "Take your passion and make it your work. I like the freedom..", "Yeah I agree one hundred percent.", "I want to try surfing next. The beach is so close now."], ["I've been thinking about starting my own business.", "Oh really? What would you sell? I do freelance graphic design work.", "That's great. Do you like the freelance work environment? I would like to market and sell my art work. I do pottery and dishes. y and some", "Yes, I really do. It gives me a lot of flexibility and I can work on projects I really enjoy. Selling your art would be a great new business! You should contact some local galleries.", "That's a good idea. Have you thought any more about learning to surf?", "Yes, I've signed up to take a beginner class next weekend. Have you ever been surfing before? I am nervous.", "No I've never been surfing. I don't live near the ocean so I never really thought about learning. It does look like fun though.", "I hope so! I wonder if it's similar to snowboarding? I've done that a few times on vacation, how about you?", "I have tried snowboarding and it's a lot of fun. I'm not sure how similar it would be to surfing but I think you'll do fine. It will be a fun experience.", "Thank you, I think so too. Do you have any fun plans this weekend?", "Nothing much. I have been thinking about adopting a pet so am doing some research on that. How long have you had your retriever?", "Oh that is awesome! I rescued Daisy from my local shelter about 3 years ago. What type of pet are you thinking about adopting?"], ["I just finished this new vase for a friend, do you like it?", "Yeah, that's a great vase. Very nautical. It would fit in good around here!", "Thank you! Do you like living by the ocean?", "Yeah. Although I think I'd be happy anywhere really.", "How is you retriever dog? Is she really big?", "Yes, she loves the ocean too which is convenient!", "Yes, that is great that she loves the ocean. Do you enjoy being a freelancer?", "It's okay. I wish there were more benefits. I need to look into a labor union.", "Yea, I bet it is hard because you do not really get the benefits of working for a union because you work for yourself.", "I am not sure if there even is a union for graphic designers. Perhaps we can make one?", "I am not sure if there is one but it would be neat to make one. If that is possible", "Yeah we just find all the other graphic designers and come up with an agreement, and a contract that has similar elements that we all use."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm vegan.", "My hobby is going to the gym and driving jeeps.", "I'm married. My husband is a lawyer. I am saving up to start a family. I plan to be a stay at home mom. I am trying to have a baby. I don't have babies. I have never been pregnant before.", "I want to move to Sweden.", "I'm interested in tennis. I have played tennis. I went to high school. I'm not good at tennis.", "I like fancy drinks. I don't like wine much.", "I like deli meat."], "partner_persona": ["I'm not a vegan. I'm a new mother. I'm married. I have a set of twins. I am a stay at home mom.", "I'm Swedish. I love meatballs. I speak Swedish. I was born and raised in Sweden.", "I play tennis for a hobby. I'm willing to teach tennis.", "I have 3 month old twins. I have a husband. I am insecure about leaving my twins. I like babies.", "I don't drink often. I don't get much time for myself.", "I don't know much about cocktails. I didn't drink while pregnant.", "I like sushi. I like deli meat."], "current_conv": ["Have you heard from your husband since he is on his trip?", "He has been calling regularly to keep me updated. This time he's in New York!", "Oh wow! I know you must miss him. How are the twins doing? Are they out of school yet for the summer?", "The twins are doing alright. They're actually participating in summer school now. Thank heavens for summer school because when they're home all day everyday I often feel like I have a much harder time keeping the house clean!", "I bet! Children are definitely a mixed blessing. I bet they love those meatballs though.", "They're not quite old enough for solid food yet, but we'll see if they take after me when they are!", "I use crumbled up cornbread in my meatball mixture. The sweet jiffy kind. Really jazzes it up a lot ", "That's interesting! I really enjoy using saltines in mine, but when my sister visits I have to use gluten free bread crumbs. She has celiac disease.", "Oh! I'm sorry to hear that. But definitely if I don't have cornbread or feel like making any Saltines or Italian croutons are my go-to", "The Italian croutons sound like a great idea! I don't know why I never thought of that before! I think I'll try that out and if it goes well I'll make some meatballs with Italian croutons for my husband when we returns from New York!", "Oh you're in for a treat. Good luck and let me know what you think! ", "I will! Thanks for the tip!"], "history_conv": [["Hey! Do you eat meat?", "Yeah, I'm a new mom so I need it for energy.", "Well, there are plenty of ways to get energy via a vegan diet.", "Well, I'm from sweden and love meatballs. Do you have hobbies?", "Hej p\u00e5 deg! I enjoy the gym and jeeps!", "Nice, I play a lot of tennis and try to stay active while my husband is gone.", "What does your hubby do? Mine is a lawyer.", "It's a bit hard to explain, but he's always traveling for business.", "Fair enough. Maybe he's ch-.. Oh never mind. How are the kids?", "We're settling in well... My twins have been angels since the first day home.", "You are lucky. Me and my husband are saving more before starting our family.", "That's good. You can definitely expect a lot of surprises monetarily with kids.", "We can afford it. We want to provide our kids with luxury and have me stay home.", "I'm currently a stay at home mom, so I hope it works for you."], ["My husband and I decided to start trying for a baby.", "Congratulations! Happy for you. I hope to hear a good news soon.", "Thank you. What is it like having twins? Sounds like hard work!", "It sure is! I feel like 2 hands and 24 hours a day are never enough. Luckily my mom often come to help.", "That's nice. How often do you get to play tennis?", "I used to play at least twice a week. Ever since I got pregnant with the twins until now they are almost 3 months old, I have not played even once. There is simply not enough time.", "that is tough but when they get older you will hopefully have more time for tennis. Maybe your husband could take the twins off your hands for a couple of hours on the weekend.", "My husband do offer that several times, but I'm the one who feel insecure to left the twins outside my visual range. Not like I distrust him or my mom, I think moms simply a bit it overprotective.", "oh yes I totally understand. My husband and I might move to Sweden after we have kids.", "Will your husband's job as a lawyer be okay if you moving here? I thought lawyers need different qualifications to practice on different countries.", "I think you're right. Sweden just seems like a great place to raise children. Can you speak Swedish?", "Of course I can. I was born and raise here. How about you and your husband?"], ["We should play at the tennis court sometime.", "that would be fun! would that be intersting for you?", "Yeah, I think so.  I played a bit in high school but maybe you could teach me?", "for sure! if you played before, you would pick it up really fast. we could go out for a lunch and tennis! you could meet the twins if you wanted to. you could get used to hanging out with some babies before you have your own", "Yes, definitely!  I'll need all the tennis and baby advice I can get.  Maybe drinks afterwards?", "you know, i haven't gone for drinks much since the twins were born, but that sounds absolutely fabulous. i need some more time just for me! what is your favorite drink? are you more of a wine or cocktail gal?", "More of a cocktail gal.  I like the fancy drinks!", "oh that is good, you can teach me all about cocktails then. i know there is a lot to learn there haha. and plus, pretty soon you will have to abstain for a whole 9 months or more!!", "Blegh.  So much for wanting to get pregnant...", "ya. there are a lot of things you have to give up...deli meat..sushi....it's a rough time", "What?? Why the deli meat?  What did it ever do to you?", "listeria...supposedly....sorry to rain on your parade. just remember the sweet baby you will be holding in your arms at the end of it!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play drums for a band. My band is called American Satan. I'm the song writer for my band. I will be touring this summer. My band and I usually play mostly rock songs.", "I have a cat.", "I enjoy surfing.", "My dad owns a surf shop.", "My cat is a Himalayan breed.", "I have been to Vegas once.", "I have never been to Africa but I think it would be awesome to visit.", "My band and I will be having a show in a month. ", "My band and I plan on going to Las Vegas next year.  My band and I were chosen to open for a major band."], "partner_persona": ["I formerly worked as a vet. I currently sing for a living. I am a wedding singer.", "I'm vegan.", "I have a cat and dog that I travel with.", "I'm a blogger. My blog includes a lot about animals.", "I am in Vegas.", "I am planning to go to Africa. I am interested in trying authentic jollof rice while I'm in Africa. I am looking forwarded to going on safari's while I'm in Africa."], "current_conv": ["Hey I read your latest blog, I love reading about your cat and dog, they're so interesting!", "I am glad that you liked it.  What do you find interesting about my cat and dog?", "I love that they're so smart and playful. I forgot to mention to you that I'm planning to visit Sierra Leone in Africa soon", "Oh wow!  What are you planning on doing there?", "I definitely wanna go on a safari, visit a couple of museums as well. ", "Yeah a safafi sounds like fun.  Going on a safari in Africa is on my bucket list.", "You definitely have to blog about it I would love to hear about your experience.", "In addition to going on a safari, I want to try some jollof rice.", "I actually have a Nigerian friend who says he makes the best Jollof rice. I'd love to try some myself.", "That is so cool.  Are you going to see your Nigerian friend when you go to Africa?", "He lives in the UK but visits often, he told me if I ever decide to visit he would use it as an excuse to revisit home so hopefully so!", "That sounds awesome.  Looks like I'll be reading about it on your blog."], "history_conv": [["I play drums in a band american satan.", "No way! I used to be a vet, but I quit to travel and sing abroad!", "I wright the songs,but our singer has al lof the talent.", "I'm sure you're a great drummer. Do you like animals? I'm a vegan.", "Yes I love walikng my cat at the beach.", "That's adorable! I would love to write a blog post about that!", "Yeah I go with her in the mornings and surf,she dosent even mind the water.", "Does she ride on the surfboard with you?", "Yeah my dad mad her one too,he owns a shop.", "A little surfboard for the kitty? That's so cute.", "Yeah she loves it,little himalayan kitty.", "Animals are the best! I love my cat and dog. They travel with me!", "Yeah, I like animals better then humans these days lol,their always there for you.", "It's true! I write about my animals a lot in my blog!"], ["How are your cat and dog doing?", "They are doing great! We are exploring a new area right now and they are loving the weather here. How is your cat?", "She is doing great as well. Thanks for asking. Where are you traveling now?", "Right now we are in Vegas. There's a ton of people out and about and since it's late Spring it's not super hot yet. We will be here for another week or two.", "I've only been once. I was way too young to enjoy it. Where to after Vegas?", "After Vegas I'm actually headed to Africa. There's a safari i want to go on and this time I will leave my pets behind so it's kind of sad.", "That will be something. Sad to leave them for sure. How long will you be gone for?", "I'll be gone for about 2 weeks. I have a lot of stuff that I'm doing to pack into that time frame before I come back and have back to back wedding singing jobs.", "Right back at after that trip.", "Yep have to work to pay for all the traveling I do. Are you going anywhere new this summer?", "Sorry, sent that message too soon. Meant to ask if you were going to be blogging on safari? I'm doing some touring this summer with the band, but nowhere new.", "I will definitely be taking pictures for the blog on the trip. I can't wait to show everyone what I am up to. How is the band doing? Many shows this summer?"], ["What foods are you excited to try in Africa?", "Really interested to try authentic jollof rice", "I am sure that will be interesting and fun to try. Is there anything else you are looking forward to?", "Just going on safaris and seeing animals you usually see in zoos living in the wild. Have you ever been to Africa?", "No, but I think it would be an awesome place to visit.", "How's American Satan been going?", "It has been going really well. The only issue is I did hit some snags in my song writing. I just can't figure out what to write. We need a new song for the show in a month.", "What kind of music do you guys play? Mostly rock?", "Yes, mostly rock. But we do try to do some other stuff just to mix it up a little.", "That sounds really interesting. I would love to hear you guys play. Are you ever coming to Vegas?", "I think we plan on it next year. We are trying to get all the stuff planned as we were chosen to open for a major band", "That's incredible, congratulations. Let me know when you have some dates set so I can makes sure I am not traveling during that time!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I meet a lot people at work.", "I work at a grocery store. I have worked at a grocery store for five years.  I work with food.", "I would like to go back to college. I like to study. I would like to learn about accounting. I want to enroll in accounting classes in my local college.", "My mother was an elementary school teacher. I love studying."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals. I am a people person.", "I want to be an artist, a painter.", "I did not finish college. I am a self taught painter. I love art.", "I am not a numbers person.", "I have not finished my degree.I want to study art and education.", "My mom was a teacher.", "I want to teach younger kids at an elementary school. I want to become an art teacher. I sell paintings."], "current_conv": ["The school my mother used to work at is looking for an Art Education intern. If you are interested I would love to connect you with her.", "So nice to you. It is very helpful to me. Can you help me for sure", "Definitely. Just let me know the time and exactly what you need!", "Sure. Thanks a lot. I am very gald to interact with you. How may I help you? Can you expect me in returns", "I'm always happy with a dinner, six-pack, whatever seems fair. Or nothing. It's what friends do right?", "Yeah you are very true. We can go for dinner to your favorite restaurant. What foods do you like", "I like a lot. It's summer though and BBQ would be perfect. Know any good spots?", "Do not know. But I will let you know by referring my friends. We will have better time to spend each other right?", "You mean you're inviting some friends to join us? I don't mind at all."], "history_conv": [["Hello are you an animal lover?", "I do like animals, but I am more of a people person myself..", "That is nice I meet a lot of people at work.", "Oh what do you do for a living?", "I work at a grocery store.", "Customer service jobs can be rough! Right now I am trying to get into painting..", "You will love it, do you finish college at all?", "No, I am self taught. But I have always loved art!", "That is interesting. I wish I can go back to college to study more.", "What would you like to study if you went back?", "I want to learn more about accouting.", "Too many numbers for me! Do you have any fun hobbies?"], ["I found out that my local community college has a few accounting classes that I can attend around my current work schedule.", "That's great! I love that community colleges give you the option to be flexible. I might even think about finishing my degree!", "Go for it! Were you going to school for art or something else?", "I think I'd like to study education so I could teach art! I probably need to take some proper art classes too! Do you want to be an accountant eventually?", "My mom was a teacher! But not art. I'm not decided yet. I want to learn a little more about it before I decide so hopefully the classes will give me a better idea.", "That's so great. My mom was a teacher too! But she taught kindergarten! That's cool that you can take classes and see what you might want to do. I think I'm still figuring out what I want to be when I grow up lol", "Growing up is overrated. And a lot of older people end up changing their minds after being in a career for a long time. Nothing like a fresh start!", "That's so true. How long have you worked at the grocery store? It's never too late for a career change!", "I've been here five years. Five LONG years. It's not the most rewarding job but it's steady and reliable so I never really looked for anything else, but I'm starting to want a change", "Yeah I can see how 5 years in retail can feel really long! I've worked retail and food service and all kinds of jobs, but I've never worked anywhere very long. I'm starting to think going back to school might be a good idea! It's probably time for me to find something consistent, but I want it to be something I love.", "It's so hard to find the right job like that. But if you can actually find something you love, stick with it and never let it go. Would you want to teach younger kids or older?", "Probably younger kids. I think it would be cool to be the elementary school art teacher. What did your mom teach?"], ["Have you tried any new dishes lately?", "No I have not. It is cool that both of our parents was teachers. What did your mom teach?", "She was an elementary school teach so she had to teach all subjects to the kids. She instilled a love of studying in me.", "I can imagine she did. Are people usually nice to you where you work?", "Most of the time they are very friendly. It's actually a pretty good job.", "It seems like a cool job because you come into contact with a bunch of different people each day.", "Yes, there are so many people I see. Some are regulars of course, but some are not! I also like being able to make sure people are getting healthy foods.", "Yes, that is pretty cool that you can do that. You are probably the first to know when good sales are going on at the store.", "Yes, we get to see the ad a few weeks in advance. It's pretty convenient for planning. So how is your career going?", "That is neat. It is going really good. I am painting to hopefully help me pay for school so I can. Became a art teacher.", "Do you sell a lot of your paintings now?", "I try to sell them. Sometimes I have art showings and get lucky and one or two people will buy a painting."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I play tennis and other sports. I love to cook. I can cook curry chicken and rice.", "I am from India. I have been in the US since I was 14. I cook Indian food.", "I have an mba. I work in business.", "I appreciate librarians.", "I love reading novels, especially historical novels. I listen to nonfiction audiobooks and prefer this to reading those types of books. I don't enjoy horror books."], "partner_persona": ["I am married. I play the flute. I am not a good cook. I do not like to cook. I have 3 chidren.", "I travel by boat every day to work.", "I have a fuill time job. I am a librarian in a history library. I love reading. I do not enjoy doing business.", "I enjoy reading science fiction and fantasy, historical fiction, mysteries and horror stories.", "Sometimes I cook easy meals. Sometimes I order take-out food. I used to enjoy Indian food but got sick from it recently.", "I live on an island. I travel by ferry to work. I can walk to the pier from my home. I find it hard to get good food delivered on the island where I live. I am prepared for hurricanes.", "I am not reading any books right now.", "I prefer horror books to horror movies."], "current_conv": ["Did you cook anything good for dinner?", "It was pretty tasty. I made taco bowls - grilled chicken, fresh salsa, a little bit of rice, avocado and black beans.", "Ooo, that sounds very good! Did your children like it?", "They did. They love Mexican food, so I knew it was a safe bet. Have you read any good books lately? I am looking for something new and interesting.", "I just read a book called Chase the Lion, it is all about going after your dreams no matter how big or small they are.", "Sounds very uplifting, is it a quick read? With the kids, I don't get a lot of time to myself.", "It was quick for me but if you just go chapter by chapter you should get through it easily, there are a lot of smaller stories within the book that make the reading go quick.", "Sounds like those old Chicken Soup for the Soul books. I used to really enjoy those.", "You're right, I had forgotten all about those books! Do you ever have down time at work when you can read?", "Not really. I'm pretty much always on the go, all the time. I am considering taking a weekend spa day trip, just me.", "That sounds very relaxing. Do you have a spa nearby?", "There is a really nice once a few hours away. It would be nice to get away but be close in case any emergencies came up. You never know with kids!"], "history_conv": [["Hi are you a good cook? That is how I figure out if I want to talk to someone.", "Pi am not really a good cook I love playing flute when my wife is cooking.", "I like playing tennis and other sports, but cooking is my passion.", "I dont love cooking I have three children they will cook for me.", "I'm from india and moved to the us at 14, so I mainly cook indian food.", "Great can you paddle, I go to work everyday by boat.", "I mainly just play tennis. I work in business, I have my mba.", "I dont like doing business I love reading I am a libarian.", "I have always appreciated librarians, especially the ones in the business library.", "Really? But I am in the history library.", "Well, I appreciate you too.", "Great can you speak german language?"], ["What sort of books do you enjoy reading?", "I like science fiction and fantasy as well as historical fiction, but sometimes I go for a good mystery or horror read. Do you have a favorite?", "I love reading novels, usually historical novels. I listen to nonfiction audiobooks often as well, but I have a harder time reading them. I don't enjoy horror, so credit to you for reading them!! If you do not like to cook, how do you make dinners for your children?", "I do a lot of easy meals -- frozen stuff in a bag that you just throw in a pot and heat up. Or we'll order take-out. Sometimes my oldest will cook but he's still learning", "Thats a great idea! I am always looking for quick & easy dinners, although I do enjoy cooking. Do you like Indian food?", "I used to but I got food poisoning a few months ago from a local place and I haven't tried it again since then. What do you like to cook?", "Oh that's too bad. I make a good curry chicken and rice. What do you do for work that you travel by boat?", "It's more where I live, than what I do. We live on an island and while there's a bridge, it's faster to take the ferry across. Especially since I can just walk to the pier instead of having to drive and wait in traffic.", "Oh that's amazing. It sounds like you have a wonderful place to live.", "It's really nice, but it does get a little annoying when we need something that isn't on the island - there are only so many food delivery options on our side of the water!", "That's a good point. I didn't think of that. I would need food delivery close by!!", "We have a Chinese place, a pizza place, an Indian place, and that's about it. Otherwise, it takes forever for them to get here and the food isn't hot anymore"], ["What are you reading at the moment? I know you like horror novels and I hear Stephen King has a new book.", "I have not started a new book yet, but this book by Stephen King sounds promising! What is it about?", "I don't know what it is about. Horror books scare me too much to even read about!", "Haha! That's fair. I used to feel that way, too, but I find that reading horror is much better than watching horror.", "I don't like either, but I know my mind can create some terrifying situations.", "I can understand that. Our minds are some times too good at imagining things!", "Do you have much to be afraid of living on the island? It sounds like it would be pretty safe since it's so hard to get to easily.", "No, the island is pretty safe, except for the hurricanes and subsequent floods. I still wish we could get good shipped to us more easily, though.", "Well, hurricanes and floods sound terrifying to me also! Do you get them often?", "They certainly can be terrifying. Usually we just get one or two during hurricane season. We're all used to it now, so we've created safeguards in the middle of the island. The floods are the scariest part, though, because if the waters don't recede, we could lose land area, and we have.", "That is scary. Is the island continually shrinking because of the floods?", "It is, unfortunately. Though there are talks of fortifying the land against floods, So there is hope!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am moving out of state next month.", "I am a fan of the Chicago Bears. I live in Illinois right now. I graduated college a few months ago.", "My father was a principal for a high school. I was not allowed at the high school my father worked at.", "I have multiple siblings. My siblings and I learned different languages growing up.", "I plan to move to either California, Florida, or Texas.", "I hope to work for a tech company. I would like to work at a start up, but I find them risky. I need to gain some work skills.", "I am moving to the San Francisco Bay Area. I work in the tech business.", "I speak three languages including English, German, and Italian. I plan on learning French.", "I love Italian cuisine, especially pasta."], "partner_persona": ["I love to play baseball.", "I speak English and French. I am learning to speak German.", "I live in Canada. I like the summers in Canada.", "I love Italian culture.", "I've visited California before."], "current_conv": ["I'm officially moving to San Francisco Bay! I was offered a job and found the perfect apartment.", "That is amazing, congratulations! You must be so excited. What are you most looking forward to?", "Thank you! I think I am most excited about the apartment. It is so beautiful and modern. I will be proud to live there and show people!", "That is so cool! I heard that it is very expensive to live in the San Fran area, you must have a great job! I hope to see pictures of your place or maybe even visit!", "It is quite pricey, but my new job enables me to afford it, thankfully. I work in the tech industry, so it's pretty easy to find a good job. I would love for you to come visit and see my new place! Are you free next weekend? ", "I will be coming from Canada, so I think I need a little more time to book a flight and accomodation and whatnot! But maybe we can plan for a month or two from now!", "Okay, that is fine. I completely understand because of the distance. Did you grow up in Canada? Or did you move there as an adult? ", "I have lived here all my life! I don't know any different but I would love to travel the world and see what else is out there.", "I would love to travel more too. I've always wanted to travel to Greece, for example. It looks beautiful in photos. Where would you like to travel to? ", "Greece looks beautiful! Have you ever traveled anywhere in Europe? I would love to go to the Maldives and stay in one of those huts over the water.", "No, I have never traveled to Europe, but I would love to. Maybe we could plan something like that next summer if we are able to coordinate our schedules! I would be up for just about anything, really. Even staying in a hut in the Maldives! ha.", "I would love to coordinate something! I have never gone backpacking through Europe, that seems like something we could maybe do!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. I am going to be moving out of my state next month.", "Oh cool. Where to?", "Not sure. But I will still be a big chicago bears fan!", "I love to participate in baseball!", "That great. My father was the principal at a strict high school and I wasn't allowed.", "That's unfortunate. Were you at least allowed to learn languages?", "I was required! All my siblings were older and language was important to them.", "Which languages do you speak! I love languages.", "Well english, german, and italian.", "Neat! I am learning german and speak english and french.", "Where do you presently reside?", "Actually canada! It is cold but with nice summers."], ["I think I have my next move narrowed down to a couple different states. I am thinking California, Florida or possibly even Texas.", "Nice! do you have a preference?", "California has great weather but the prices are frightening! I think Texas is the next big thing and everyone is moving there. Probably lots of fun before it gets too expensive. Austin or Dallas.", "are there any jobs you'd like to get down there", "Tech companies seem to be the  best opportunity for pay and advancement. I don't want to sell my soul to a company, but I need to set myself up in a new location. I can do food service stuff, but that is hard long-term.", "are there any companies you have in mind?", "It's hard to get into the biggies like Google and Apple, but they probably have the most opportunities. Maybe a startup there? Tech startups are exciting because of the growth but also realllllly risky. What do you think?", "High risk high reward I guess.  I'd probably go with one of the startups.  If that goes wrong you could always find another job.", "Maybe start with a small company, get some skills, then apply to one of the big ones. Everyone has to start somewhere. I don't want to spend my time in a cubicle in a new city. So much to explore.", "True.  Sounds like a win-win situation to me.", "I'll find out soon enough. What about you? Summer is almost here. What are you looking forward to?", "I'm really looking forward to baseball season! I hope my teams are good this year."], ["I think I've settled on moving to the San Francisco Bay Area. It sure is pricey, but the tech job opportunities can't be beat.", "Yes I heard it's expensive! But besides that how do you like it there? Did you find a job already?", "Not yet, but I am going to start putting in some applications soon before I actually fully commit. I think I am going to really like it there.", "I bet you will! ;) We should speak German sometime! And since you speak Italian too I'm pretty sure you would love to learn French too... have you ever thought about learning another language since you already speak 3?", "Yeah French is the next one on my list. The 2nd language I learned other than English was the most difficult, but after that I was able to pick up German and Italian a little more easily. I would love to learn French so I can say that I am fluent in 4 languages.", "I would love to speak Italian too, I totally love italian food and the culture. Have you ever been to Italy before?", "I have not, but I am an avid Italian cuisine lover as well. I don't know what it is, but I'm a total pasta addict! I would eat it every day if I could, but I found out in college that I gain weight quickly if I eat it all the time!", "LOL:) yes how can you not love pasta... and pizza.. and wine! Are you still in college? You mentioned Chicago Bears last time, were you living in Illinois before or what state were you in?", "I am living in Illinois right now, and I just graduated college a few months ago. I will be moving in the next month. I will still be an avid Bears fan, even when I move!", "Do you think you'll miss it? I'm pretty sure you will love California so much! You picked the right state. I wish Cali was closer to Canada...", "I bet there will be things that I will miss, but honestly, I am really looking forward to some new scenery. I think I am going to love the weather in California.", "You will for sure. I've been there a few times to watch some baseball games. I almost didn't want to leave! :D"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm outgoing.", "I work in construction. I build houses. I work outside. My job makes me tired. My construction work is commercial. My kids don't understand exactly what my job is.", "I have daughters. My daughters like to paint. My daughters need my help when they paint.", "I grew up in Mexico.", "I like singing. My daughters do not like singing. My daughters and I have a playful relationship.I sing opera. I weigh 200 pounds.", "I don't do gardening."], "partner_persona": ["I don't drink. I'm vegan.", "I like singing in the garden.", "I'm going to community college to become a nurse. My classes are going well.", "I have a cat and two dogs.", "I do volunteer work.", "I don't have any kids.", "I listen to the radio.", "I'm far along in my studies. I think nursing is an important career."], "current_conv": ["Are you ready to start your placement? I figured after your cadaver class they'd put you in the field.", "Not quite yet. I still have some work to do.", "Oh really? What else do you need to do to become ready?", "Well, the cadaver class was just part of it. There is so much more to nursing. Things like the ER, operating rooms, taking vitals of the patients. There's just so much!", "I can't even imagine! What inspired you to follow this path in life?", "I think it's just a calling. Some people can do it and some people build houses! Ha! I've always had the sense to help people. This is just my way to do it. I find the human body fascinating. I love how all the parts fit together.. ", "I could never do anything like that! When do you think you will be finished with all of your schooling?", "Well, the whole course takes about 3 years to complete. I'm about halfway through. Right now the classes are pretty easy, but I expect they will get harder as I go along.", "Oh, I bet! But I am sure you are doing great! When you graduate you should do something big to celebrate all your hard work.", "Thanks. I probably will celebrate, but I'm not sure what I'll do. Maybe you can come and sing to me? I'm not a huge opera fan, but I'll make an exception for you! ", "Deal! I would love to come visit and sing! That will be a goal we can work towards haha. I would love to throw you a big party.", "That's a great idea. Thanks! I bet you have some great Mexican food recipes. Just remember, I'm a vegan. Do you cook for your family or are you too tired after work?"], "history_conv": [["I am a very outgoing person, will you like to go out for a drink.", "Sorry, I don't drink. I'm very health conscious and vegan.", "Okay what about singing maybe we can go for karaoke.", "That might be fun. I enjoy singing when I work in the garden.", "That is fine, singing is what I do when I am not working hard.", "Great, I go to community college so I can become a nurse. How about you?", "My work is so demanding. We deal with contruction.", "Wow, sounds hard. I enjoy my cat and two dogs when I need relaxing.", "My daughters too love animals.", "They sure are fun. Between them and my volunteer work it keeps me busy.", "Growing up in mexico teach me a lot of things.", "Yes, different for sure. I enjoy mexican herbs in my cooking.", "Definitely they keep you healthy and fit.", "Fitness and health are key. It's why I like vegan dishes and the medical field."], ["My daughters just painted the cutest picture together.", "Oh, nice! What did they paint?", "It was me at a work site building a house.", "Oh that sounds cute. I see you like to sing, I do too. Do your daughters also like singing?", "They don't like to sing as much as they like to make fun of me for singing. Typical right?", "Oh, ha! Well, since I don't have kids my animals don't give me that type of feedback. :) What do you like to sing?", "I sing a lot of opera. Maybe that's why they make fun of me. They don't think a 200 pound construction worker should sing opera. Their loss. What do you like to sing?", "I like to sing whatever is on the radio at the time I am in my garden. Do you do any gardening?", "Not really. I'm usually too exhausted when I get home to do more outdoor work.", "Well that makes sense. Construction work is very physical. Do you do residential or commercial construction?", "Commercial. My kids don't actually understand the difference. That's why they drew me building a house.", "That's understandable. Do you think your daughters will have any interest in working in the construction field?"], ["I am so exhausted from work today. I am going to pick my daughters up from school and go home to lay down. Hopefully they will be able to occupy themselves by drawing so I can rest.", "That would be convenient!", "It really would. I don't know how likely it is to work out, though. They usually want me right there with them while they paint.", "You could lay down and use the canvas as a shelter! hahaha", "I would probably wake up to find out they had used me as a canvas!", "That would mean you still got your sleep though!", "True! But what a mess! How are your college classes going?", "Easy! I can't wait to heal people!", "That's great! Have you gotten into actual nursing classes yet, or are you still doing your basics?", "I'm already working on cadavers learning all kinds of stuff. Pretty advanced now!", "I don't know that I could do that, it sounds gross. I'm glad you enjoy it, though!", "It's necessary work for the betterment of mankind! Someone has to do it!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a horror movie fan. I'm a little creepy. My favorite horror movie is Saw. I occasionally get scared to sleep after a scary horror movie.", "I have 2 kids they are twins. I work for the government.", "I like to nap.", "I have been to Iraq.", "I paint.I like acrylic paint.", "I have spent time in Seattle. I like the food in Seattle."], "partner_persona": ["I like to go four-wheeling. I have an ATV. I like to ride my ATV.", "I like chilly weather.", "I am not an artist.", "I have woods nearby.", "I am close to family.", "I like all music.", "I enjoy indie pop music. I have watched horror movies. I only watch horror movies occasionally.", "I like to go for walks in the woods. I like to spend time with my family. I enjoy listening to music when I go for walks.", "I have not travelled overseas. I have never been to Seattle. I have friends."], "current_conv": ["I can't wait to see the new Conjuring movie that just came out, it's going to be so scary!", "You are right. I am also so intent to watch that movie. Some of friends told me to must watch.  ", "Have you seen the other movies in the Conjuring Universe like The Nun and the Annabelle movies?", "Yeah I have watched before. But I am not pretty sure about the story right now. Can you suggest me to watch some of the horror movie. ", "Well if you're looking for older classics The Evil Dead I and II are great ones, as well as the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. Have you ever seen Hereditary? ", "No I am not. But I will try to watch if I have a free time. What do you do for live", "I'm in the military, have been for about 10 years now. Do you have any family in the military?", "No one served in military. But I am so proud who served for nation. I am very proud of you. Hearty wishes to serve more years", "Well thank you I appreciate that. Do you have a favorite Indie pop artist that you could listen to all day?", "I will listen all songs. I am so happy to listen all the songs. Do not know the particular reason  ", "Oh that's cool. If you did ever decide to travel overseas where would you go?", "Very happy to interact with you. Keep in touch"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I'm a horror movie fan because they aren't as scary as my life!", "Where do you live that makes it scarier than 1313 elm st. With freedy krueger? Detroit?", "I live with my two kids and I work for the government!", "Yikes! An irs auditor or a spokesperson for trump?", "If it was trump I'd have already been fired!", "What you really do, tired of guessing.", "It's nothing exciting. Gives me time for my napping hobby. Any hobbies?", "Well I just like to go four-wheeling. Maybe you are cia? Nsa?.", "Four wheeling!? I used one of those on a mission in iraq!", "Must've been hot. I like it chilly.", "I like it cool when I paint, I'm pretty good at it. Allows me to relax better.", "Houses or canvas? I listen to music when I do both.", "Canvas. Usually of my napping kids. I'm a little creepy..", "Creepy? Are you one of those google smart things?"], ["I painted a new picture of my two kids!", "Tell me more. What type of paint did you use, and did you paint it on a canvas?", "I like acrylics because they are vibrant and easy to clean up/", "I'll take your word for it. I'm not much of an artist. I'd rather be riding my ATV or jamming to tunes while I do stuff around the house.", "So I could paint you riding your frour-wheeler. Are there woods in your area to ride it?", "Yes, now that it's warming up I can hit some of the great trails nearby that BMX riders, dirt bikers, and ATV enthusiasts ride on.", "Glad you have folks out there with you, good companionship and folks that can call for help if there is a problem.", "It sure is nice to be close to family. How old are your two kids, by the way? What are they into?", "The twins are in second grade, they just had a lovely service in church this morning, that is why I painted them in their white dresses. My family is quite important to me as well. Hope yours stay healthy this summer.", "I'd really love to see that painting. I'm sure your daughters look adorable in their Sunday best. And thank you, I extend my best wishes to your family as well.", "You never mentioned what kind of music uplifts you when you sing around the house?", "I listen to all types of music from rock to jazz to dance music, pop music, rap, and blues. As long as it's good, I'll get down to it."], ["Have you taken your ATV out recently?", "Yes, in fact! I took it out for a spin last week. I rode by the woods while listening to music. I heard some weird sounds from the woods though, which made me feel a bit on edge.", "oh geeze scary. What time during the day did you ride? and what music where you listening too?", "It was in the evening, around 7 pm. I was listening to some indie pop. The creepy sounds reminded me of a horror movie, especially since I was alone. Do you have a favorite horror film?", "I like my favorite is the first Saw movie. I loved the twist at the end, I won't spoil it for you just in case lol. Do you like to watch horror movies with your family?", "No not really. I seldom watch horror movies to begin with, however most of my family despises them. Have horror movies made you a bit a creepy do you think? lol", "Oh yes, sometimes I can't sleep after a bad one. What else do you like to do in the woods?", "Sometimes I like talking strolls through the woods while listening to music. I go with my family too sometimes. Did the have wooded areas you visited in Iraq?", "Oh no not at all, flat desert as far as the eye can see. Have you ever been overseas?", "No I've never. TI would like to visit someplace which is colder, since I'm a fan of chilly weather.", "A good in the US place to visit is Seattle if you like the cold. Especially from November to April. The food is very good. Have you been to Seattle?", "No, but I have friends who have. I hear it's pretty nice. Have you been to more places overseas due to your government work?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have heard of League of Legends but I do not play. I don't like video games.", "I am 27.", "I like chocolate ice cream.", "I read a lot.", "I like horror and action books, like Maze Runner.", "I have watched \"Children of the Corn.", "My favorite Stephen King movies are Miser, Christine, and IT. I liked the mini-series IT>.", "I prefer the books to the movies adapted from books."], "partner_persona": ["I like pistachio ice cream. I stay inside a lot.", "I play League of Legends. I like Alistar. I have friends who I play with online. I play online a lot. I have a new computer. I a fully equipped PC, hard-core gamer.", "I like Stephen king, sci fi and fantasy.", "I watched \"Children of the Corn. I like the 1990 Stephen King mini-series IT.", "I like to read a book before seeing the movie adaptation. I like to compare them."], "current_conv": ["What video games are for people who like horror?", "Definitely Silent Hill and Resident Evil and The Clocktower. Have you heard of any of those?", "Yes, I have seen the movie Silent Hill. I think I'll try playing that video game. I know hardly anything about video games. I heard from some people it is a good way to socialize.", "Just don't play at night by yourself. You've been warned lol. You might have some trouble sleeping", "I don't think I will. I've watched plenty of horror movies at night by myself and went to sleep just fine. I think I am able to do that because I used to go on camping trips with my friends and they would tell crazy horror stories and play scary pranks at the same time while it was night time. What other games do you play?", "I love playing Mortal Kombat. I've actually been playing since it came out in the 90s when they gave us the option to turn the blood special effects on and off lol", "I've seen the movie Mortal Kombat. I am not sure if I could even play a video game without blood special effects. Blood and guys is one of my draws to horror movies. I never completely watch a horror movie if it doesn't have any guts or blood halfway through.", "Did you like the reboot of IT? I loved them, Bill Skarsgaard is a great actor.", "Yes, it was not bad. I think a video game based on the novel Thinner would be an interesting idea. Plenty of opportunity for guts and blood.", "I loved Thinner! Definitely a slept on book and movie. I truly believe in gypsy curses. Drag me to Hell is one of my favorites around that subject.", "Do you ever find that game addiction interferes with your daily life though? I don't want to to become even less productive than I am now. Also, all the ice cream seems to be making me gain weight around the hips. I don't want to make my health worse by sitting around too much playing video games.", "Not really, I carve out time to play and stick to that schedule. Much better at it than when I was a teenager. Try interactive physical games like Wii. You'll definitely get exercise and have fun at the same time. My favorite used to be the tennis one"], "history_conv": [["Hello what is your fave flavour of ice cream?", "Pistachio, you? I stay inside a lot tho, so I don't get it much.", "You can get it delivered via a website or food delivery service!", "I should check that out. Have you heard of legaue of legends?", "I actually have. Do you play. I tried to make an account but everyone ignored me.", "I do, alistar is the best character imo.", "No idea what that is.. I'm 27 so a bit old for those games.", "He is a minotaur, my friends and I play online all the time.", "That's cool. All I do is eat chocolate ice cream. Should I join?", "Sure! I just got a new computer in feb so I could play.", "I usually just read so it is a welcome change. How should I go about starting?", "Just go to the site and click play now, then put in your email."], ["How long have you been playing League of Legends?", "Years. I don't even remember when it started. A friend of mine got me into it and now I'm totally hooked. Do you need another addiction? Play LoL and your friends will never hear from you again.", "Really? I new videogames were addicting I know from experience but I didn't think that LoL could be that addicting. Maybe I just never played it or perhaps it's not my type of game. Anyway, what type of PC do you need to play competitive LoL just out of curiosity?", "I don't know what the minimum is. I have a fully equipped machine. I'm a hard-core gamer so I'm willing to shell out. I just bought a new computer. Sweet setup but I wouldn't recommend starting there unless you really plan to dedicate yourself to LoL.", "I don't plan on spending years on the game like you have but things can change just as easily as they did for you. What do you like about LoL that made you like it so much to keep playing for years? I honestly I don't see the appeal.", "Team play. That's the big appeal. Me and my friends strategize and come up with new ways to win. It's fun to put our heads together and plan a battle.", "So I've heard, but just wanted to hear it from someone that has as much experience playing the game as you. In LoL what does Alistar do I know you practically main them?", "Alistar is a minotaur. Can stomp on the ground, charge enemies and butt them.", "Oh cool! Never knew that, I'm guessing that all the champions have a unique ability that helps them win or contribute to their team right?", "Yeah, the combinations are endless when building teams. We try to complement each other's strengths. What kind of stuff do you like to read?", "I love to read horror or action books, some books by Stephen King. A series of books that read and couldn't get enough of was the Maze Runner, I read that series of books so many times! What about you?", "I used to read a lot of SF and fantasy. Stephen King writes like he's seeing a movie in his head. Very visual."], ["Have you seen any good Stephen King movies?", "I actually just watched \"Children of the Corn\" last night! Have you seen it yet? I highly recommend it", "Of course. It's been a while since I've seen it, but the red-haired kid (I don't remember his name) was so creepy. I loved it! lol!", "Oh Malachai Boardman! Right?! Does that name ring a bell?", "It does. Thanks for that or I would've been searching for that name in my head all day! lol! Now, my favorite Stephen King movies are Misery, Christine, and, of course, IT. Spooky clowns!", "I loved the newest IT movies! I will say I am still a bigger fan of the 1990 mini series though.", "I did like the mini-series. I watched The Waltons in syndication, and it was weird to see John-Boy Walton in a horror movie. It was like completely-different worlds colliding! lol!", "Oh man. I might have to try that! Talk about a mindtrip! I bet it was crazy! Do you prefer to read the books before watching the movie?", "I do. I'm a fairly slow reader, so it took me basically a summer to read IT during breaks at my summer job in college. It was such a long book, but it was absolutely amazing!", "Nice! I usually like to read the book first too. I love looking comparing and contrasting the books with the movies!", "The only problem is that with such a great writer like King, the movies are almost always a letdown after reading the book.", "So true!! That's the main reason I love to read the book first. lol!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jake.", "I love nature.I am thinking of taking a nature trip next week. I am thinking of visiting Michigan's upper peninsula and checking out Lake Michigan and Lake Superior. I would also like to see the Pictured Rocks. I've never been to Cape Cod. I'm planning a solo trip to Michigan in the winter.", "I like animals."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jack. I am in front of an ocean view. My home has a nice ocean view.", "My work is accounting and I need time to take a break. I am trying out some new career. I am wanting to be an enterprenuer. I am trying to set up the new business.", "I've never been to Michigan's Upper Peninsula. I live on Cape Cod near the Atlantic Ocean.", "There are many outdoor attractions near my home.", "My job has been very busy lately.", "I am trying to invent something in the field of artificial intelligence.", "I have a Great Pyrenees female dog. She is 6. My dog loves attention and being outside. I bring my dog travelling with me.", "I've made friends while traveling. I'm very busy with work and need a vacation."], "current_conv": ["I found a cool place to stay on my trip to Michigan, I want to stay on the Great Lakes.", "Are you staying on the upper peninsula?", "Yes! I found a place near Manistique, Michigan.  It's pretty close to both Lake Michigan and Lake Superior.", "It sounds like a good spot!  Are you going to see the Pictured Rocks?", "I am! If I was going in the summer I would cliff dive off of them but that won't be possible in the winter.  It'll still be a sight to see though.", "Oh man, that would be extreme.  What are you going to do in the winter up there?", "I'd like to explore all of the forests up there.  I'd like to see some of the wildlife, like coyotes or bears.  I suppose I could try ice fishing too.", "That would be peaceful and scenic.  Do they have moose up there?", "There are some small populations of moose up there but they're really rare.  Maybe I'll get lucky and see some.", "That would be something to see!  Watch out for wolverines!", "haha I'm not sure if we actually have any of those or if it's just a college mascot!", "Well you are going by yourself so be careful either way!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is jake.", "I am jack, I wish I can share the view of this ocean.", "Are you on holiday then or at home?", "I am at home, I have a nice ocean view here..", "That is great, I love nature also.", "You know accountancy is a work that requires you to cool off sometimes.", "So you are an accountant then?", "Of course yes although I am trying out some new career.", "Ok what is your new career?", "Maybe becoming an enterprenuer..", "That sounds they exciting, are setting up in business then?", "Of course yes, my dog will be my secretary..lol.", "You have an amazing dog, I hope that is an animal?", "Of course yes and I am just kidding."], ["I was thinking of taking a nature trip next week. I have to tell you about some places I looked up on Google.", "I'm all ears. Tell me more about those places and your upcoming trip!", "I'm thinking of doing a trip through Michigan's upper peninsula.  Lake Michigan and Lake superior are both beautiful and I'd love to check them out.  There's also this really cool place called the pictured rocks!", "I've never been to that area, but the Great Lakes are a fascinating place. I live on Cape Cod on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.", "I've never been there!  I'm thinking of going there sometime.  Are there any good nature areas around there?", "There are plenty of wonderful, outdoor attractions near me. You have the island of Nantucket and the world-renowned island of Martha's Vineyard, for starters. There's plenty of good food, sight-seeing, nightlife, and more to be had there.", "I'll need to go there soon!  Have you been able to get a break from work lately?", "I hear that. I've been wicked busy this tax season, preparing tax returns for individuals and a few big companies.", "oh no! Is it going to calm down anytime soon?", "Thankfully, yes, since the tax deadline was last Monday and most people have already filed. A couple of clients asked me to file extensions so I still have a little left to do. Meanwhile, I've been trying to think of my million-dollar idea that will make me rich!", "that's good to hear.  Ha, do you have any interesting ideas?", "I'm trying to think of something in the tech sector that relies on Artificial Intelligence to solve a widespread, annoying problem or make life easier for people."], ["What kind of dog do you have?", "She's a Great Pyrenees. Have you ever heard of them? She's a great big ol dog that loves people!", "That's such a nice breed. How old is she?", "She actually turns 6 this month. She loves going with me to stores and stuff because she loves all of the people petting her and giving her attention. She also loves being outside and other animals. You should get a dog!", "I might. Is it too cold for her to swim in the ocean?", "It can be cold but she is built for the cold. Her breed is a mountain dog breed so she thrives in it. I've taken her all over with me, including winter areas and she loves it. Speaking of winter how is the planning for the Michigan trip going?", "I'm still in the Googling stage. There are so many options...", "I've never been there, but it looks like a wonderful place to take in some nature. Are you going alone or with family and friends?", "It looks like I'll be going alone. I didn't give my friends enough of a warning to take time off of work. But that's okay. It means more peace and quiet for me.", "That it does! And, you never know, you might meet some people on your trip there that you end up making friends with. I've done that before and I'm still close friends with them.", "I never thought of it that way. I'm sure I'll meet a lot of great people... and maybe a few interesting animals as well", "I'd love to go sometime but with work as busy as it is right now I just don't think I'll get time off anytime soon. I desperately need it though!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run half marathons.", "I foster dogs and have one that loves to run. I am slower than my dog.", "I work in tech software. I sit a lot at work.", "I have been here since 2004. I am from Greece, where I took up running. I have been to Florida on vacation several times. My family are in Greece. I like Gyros.", "I love fish, loves olives.", "I am training for a marathon. I will be racing in a 5k.", "I like to run on the beach.", "I don't get to travel much because of training."], "partner_persona": ["I have a cat.", "I am not a good runner. I like to walk on the beach. I live near beach.", "I am married. We own our own sign business. I am a travel agent.", "I live in Florida. I live next to the beach. I love Florida. I would like to visit Greece.", "I love  olives, likes Gyros.", "I am also a runner, but less experienced."], "current_conv": ["Did you begin training at all?", "Just a little bit. I'm still just walking on the beach. My speed has picked up though. It's not just a stroll anymore! Ha!", "Ha, I bet you could run faster if someone said you could get free olives, but they were closing in 10 mins and were a mile away.", "Or they were giving away free Gyros! Yes, that would make me pick up the pace for sure. ", "Oh man, I would run so fast for free Gyros.  What's the best Gyro you've ever had?", "Mostly shawarma. I just love a good Gyro. How about you? What is your favorite?", "I tried one in Chicago.  It was a back alley sort of place and was the best food I've ever tried.", "Yes, those hole-in-the-wall places are the best. But be careful, some can be a tad dodgy. How is your training going? Have you signed up for another marathon yet?", "Oh yeah, I don't want to think of how dirty the kitchen must have been!  I'll be racing in a marathon in October.  Maybe you can start training and join me?", "I don't know if I'll be ready for a marathon anytime soon. But we can train together, though. Maybe you can inspire me to pick up my pace and do some actual running instead of just walking.", "I'll hold a Gyro a foot in front of your face haha.", "You're going to hold a Gyro for 26 miles? I'm not sure I would want to eat it after that long! But I do appreciate your sense of humor. "], "history_conv": [["Hello there, I just got back from my latest half marathon how are you?", "Hi! I am doing good. Wow! That's awesome.", "Yes, I took one of my foster dogs to this one with me. He loves running.", "He ran all that way too? I only have one cat.", "Oh yes, he's much faster than I am.", "I'm not a good runner. I'd rather walk on the beach.", "I work in tech on software so it's a lot of sitting. Running helps balance that.", "My husband and I own a sign biz and I'm also a travel agent.", "Oh nice, I'm from europe I moved here in 2004.", "Where in europe? I live in florida.", "I'm from greece. Florida is nice I go there for vacation sometimes.", "I love it here. Would love to see greece someday."], ["Do you live close to a beach that you can enjoy walking on?", "I do! I live about 15 minutes from a beach, and we take weekly trips to walk on the beach as the sun is setting", "That sounds nice. I know Florida has lovely beaches. I been there on several vacations and can't wait to return.", "You definitley need to make a trip soon! I also need to make a trip to Greece as soon as possible!", "Yes Greece is awesome. I have been away way to long. I would love to take a trip back to see some family and old friends.", "What are some of your favorite foods from Greece?", "Of course the fresh fish is unbelievable. And I know this will sound silly, but I love olives.  Ha.", "Haha I love olives as well so not silly! I need to try a Gyro from Greece though, heard the Lamb Gyro's are unreal.", "Yes Gyros are delicious as well. Being a travel agent, you should check into travel to Greece. Perhaps you can find a deal and you and your husband could take a vacation there.", "Most definitely! Also if you are looking for a good deal to come to Florida, please let me know!", "I've been training now for a marathon so won't be vacationing any time soon but once I can, I'll let you know.", "Most definitely! Also when you come please help me train for running any distance, because I stink at running!"], ["I signed up for a 5k", "Nice, I should sign up for one too.", "Let me know if you ever want to tips. Running on the beach is great because it makes running on the road and trails so much easier.", "Really? Running on the beach doesn't hurt?", "No, but it is a little tougher because the sand provides a sort of resistance, that's why it's good for training. Do that long enough, running on the road is so much easier. Do any of your clients ever visit Greece?", "Oh okay that makes sense. Yeah they do, have you ever run in Greece or ran in any other 5ks around the world?", "Yes, Greece is where I developed running as a hobby. It probably helps that I have to sit all day, you know, needing a change. It is also nice to tire out the dog. Is living next to the beach as wonderful as it sounds?", "Yeah living next to the beach is great. Where else have you ran?", "I ran in Florida when I visited. The training and dog fostering kind of prevents me from traveling.", "Ahh I see. You seem like a very adventurous person. I need to start training so I can run like you. Do you train everyday?", "No, every couple of days I take a day off. I don't want to overtrain, you know? Just start with a mile here and there, then you just work your way up. I will definitely reach out to you if any travel plans come up.", "Yeah, would be really cool if you were able to train me in person. Have you trained other people in running?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm an eagle scout.", "I enjoy hanging out with family and friends. I volunteer at a cancer research lab.", "I'll be going to the University of Texas next spring.", "My favorite book is Grey's Anatomy.", "I have siblings.", "I work at Taco Bell, volunteers, likes cancer research.", "I lost 2 grandparents to cancer.", "I have learned more about cancer research. I learned a lot of money is put into cancer research every year."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy reading.", "I enjoy hanging out with family and friends.", "I'm a retired grandparent. I go to church and hang out at the beach.", "My grandchildren go to the University of Texas. I have a friend with a kid going to UT.", "I likedWhen Breath Becomes Air.", "I read a book about how sugar feeds cancer cells. I am learning new things all the time through my personal reading.", "I no longer consider doing research.", "I might like to take a Spanish class for senior citizens."], "current_conv": ["Have you ever learned any Spanish in the past?", "No, I never have, but I've always been interested in learning Spanish! What about yourself? ", "I speak Spanish pretty well, I took it for three years in high school. I live in San Antonio so it comes in handy", "That is so cool! I am envious. Do a lot of people in San Antonio speak Spanish because you are so close to the border? I bet you'd be able to pick up on the language even if you didn't take Spanish in high school!", "A lot of us do and yeah I'm better with reading Spanish but not so much conversational. My dad went to UT, it's a great school. Hook 'em Horns!", "That's very cool. What did you dad study there? What did he end up doing for a living? ", "Computer engineering. But he says if he could do it differently he would have become an astrophysicist. He's super brilliant lol", "Damn, he really must be brilliant! That is incredible. And you work as a mechanic, right? That is really cool too. ", "I'm in the fast food industry right now but I like dabbling around with cars when I can. Definitely got that from my dad. What is your church denomination if you don't mind me asking", "Very cool! I was raised Baptist but currently attend a Methodist church, actually! I find it less rigid, which is preferable, in my opinion. ", "As someone who was raised Southern Baptist I definitely agree lol", "Were you really? I guess we have more in common than I realized! lol"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you?", "Hi, just at my kitchen near the window enjoying sun and reading.", "Im eating ice cream and working on my eagle scout level!", "That's cool! So I assume you enjoy hanging out with family and friends, like myself.", "I do! Im a volunteer at a cancer research lab. What do you do?", "I am a retired grandparent. I mainly go to church and hang out at the beach.", "That sounds relaxing, ill be going to the university of texas next spring.", "That's where my grandchildren go too! They make me so happy and proud.", "I try to make parents proud, I pay for tuition by working at taco bell.", "You probably do a lot of reading in school. It's my favorite activity.", "My favorite book is grey's anatomy.", "What a great story. I like motivational books like that. Specially when I worship."], ["Did you take your grandkids to the beach today?", "I didn't today because we had friends over. It is nice to hang out with friends and family, have you seen yours recently?", "Yes, just yesterday, I went out to eat with my best friend and two of my siblings. How was seeing your friends?", "it was really fun, I should see them more often. One of my friends' children is going to University of Texas soon!", "Oh, no way! You should send me their contact information, it would be great to know some other people who are going there. Say, have you told your grandchildren I'll be there yet?", "I haven't yet but that sounds like a good idea, I will let her know. Anyway enough about me, how is work going? Hope it isn't too stressfuk", "Taco Bell hasn't been too bad but I don't love, although the money helps. I've really been enjoying volunteering though, and hope I can continue learning more about cancer research", "A job is a job at the end of the day! I think what you're doing with volunteering is fantastic, what made you decide to volunteer for cancer research?", "I lost two of my grandparents to cancer and I would like to do everything I can in my life to help others who are suffering from the disease. Have you had any past encounters with cancer?", "That must have been very difficult for you, I am sorry. What you're doing is great. Luckily I have not, I did read a book recently about someone dealing with cancer.", "That's good to hear, their passing was very tough at the time but I feel stronger now. What was the book called? Did you enjoy it?", "I understand. The book is called When Breath Becomes Air, it was a good read. Have you read anything interesting lately?"], ["I learned some more about cancer research", "Tell me about it! What did you learn?", "Honestly, I couldn't understand much about it. But I learned that a lot of money is put into cancer research every year.", "That is true! You probably didn't learn anything new that you didn't already pick up at the lab. The book I read talked about how sugar feeds cancer cells.", "It's pretty interesting once you get into it, right? Would you ever consider going into cancer research?", "Son, I'm retired! Those days are long gone! I just enjoy a good book now and then.", "Haha, but it's never too late to learn something new! Is there something specific you'd like to learn in your retirement?", "I enjoy reading mystery novels and memoirs. So I'm learning new things all the time! Nothing specific though.", "I see, that sounds nice. Have you ever thought about taking a language class?", "That would be interesting! My granddaughter majors in Spanish at UT. Maybe I'll try and find a Spanish class for us seniors!", "That sounds like a great idea. People say that learning languages keeps your brain active and maintains your memory.", "That would be a good idea for me! What are you planning to study in college?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["Family is very important to me.", "I am a healer. I have clients that I heal with essential oils, reiki, and meditation. I recommend self-massage and self-awareness. I believe in the healing power of water. I enjoy Latina salsa music.", "I liketo relax on water.", "I have a brother.", "I like Brazilian food."], "partner_persona": ["I have four brothers and sisters. Family means a lot to me.", "I own a houseboat. I like to sail in my houseboat. I have a deck, likes the water.", "I have a hammock.", "I love Brazilian steakhouse.", "I bartend for my job. I find my job to be fun.", "I meet rather odd or interesting people at my job.", "I go sailing usually during the Summer. I think the scenery is best during that time.", "I have one sibling, a little brother.", "I have 16 aunts and uncles. I don't really keep up with them.", "My family doesn't have big gatherings. I barely have time during the holidays and spend the holidays local with my little brother."], "current_conv": ["Does your brother go sailing with you?", "Yes, my brother does sail with me sometimes! How is your family doing?", "My family is well thanks for asking. We are watching a movie tonight. How about your family? How are they? Any plans?", "That sounds like fun! What movie? My family is great. My little brother is spending time with me on my houseboat.", "We're catching the new Black Widow movie. It's so cool that you have a houseboat. It's such good weather to go right now. How has work been lately?", "It has been very busy. Everyone is loving the nice weather and have been eating outside more! How is your work? Have you been doing many reiki treatments?", "Yes, I have tons. It is actually very hot here since we're experiencing a heat wave. So a lot of people have been coming in to do meditation to work through the heat. However, I'm hoping to take my family to get Brazilian food soon. Any recommendations?", "That's great! I always love getting steak and some type of vegetables! Healthy and delicious. Does your brother like Brazilian food too? Mine lives it! ", "Yes. He loves his steak well done, whereas I am more of a medium rare type of person. What do you enjoy most about bartending?", "I love getting to meet all the different people! What is your favorite part about your job?", "I love seeing the self-care and wellness of others. And yes, I agree. I love meeting new people. In fact, I am planning on taking my clients salsa dancing soon just for fun. Do you or your family do any type of dancing?", "We love just dancing to music on the boat. It is so calm at night on the water and with music on dancing under the stars is so fun! Do you like going on boats? "], "history_conv": [["Hey how important is family to you?", "Family is very important to me. I have 4 brothers and sisters!", "Family is important to me too. Love them!.", "What do you do for fun?", "Usually healing clients or hot latina salsa.", "Ahhh, I tend to take my houseboat out.", "Have you ever tried healing others? Water is very healing in itself.", "I haven't. Do you have any recommendations?", "Self-massage, essential oils....reiki. Meditation and self-awareness.", "Maybe I'll have to check it out. Couldn't hurt.", "Definitely try it! Massage in general is really great for all sorts of healing.", "I've heard and I think it will help as I am a bartender."], ["Do you have the night off or are you bartending tonight?", "I am off tonight. Are you working tonight?", "No, not working today either. Probably going to go out salsa dancing!", "Sounds super fun! Where do you go to dance?", "There's a nearby restaurant that has live music once a week and people go and dance. It's fun. What about you? Spending today on the water?", "That's cool! Yeah! It's such a nice day I decided to relax on the deck and enjoy the water even more!", "That's great. I've always said there's something therapeutic about being on the water. It is just so relaxing. Any family members joining you?", "One of my sister's was free today so she came out to enjoy the sun too! She's taking a nap in our hammock we have strung up. What are you doing before dancing?", "Probably just going to grab some dinner with my brother. I haven't seen him this week so I figured it would be good to catch up.", "Ah that sounds wonderful! Any places you guys really enjoy eating at?", "He likes going to a Brazilian steakhouse where they bring you endless food so we'll probably do that.", "Oh I love the Brazilian steakhouse! Enjoy your dinner!"], ["Do you like your job bartending?", "Yeah it has it's good parts. Mainly the fun is what makes it good.", "Im sure that you can mix up a pretty good drink. You probably meet some pretty interesting people", "I'm more interested in how generous they are with their tips! But yes, some are rather odd or interesting.", "Yes, I bet you get pretty good tips. How often do you go sailing?", "Usually during the Summer. That's when the \"scenery\" is the best if you know what I mean.", "I get you. How many siblings do you have?", "I have one sibling, just a little brother.", "That is fun. How about aunts and uncles how many do you have?", "A bunch! I don't really keep up with them. I have 16 total.", "That is a lot of people. I bet holidays are very interesting.", "Well we don't have big gatherings. We are all over the country and I barely have time on the holidays. I just keep it local with my brother."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My net name is Ptosis.", "I listen to audiobooks and music.", "I enjoy singing at church. I like to sing.", "I haven't been to church recently.", "I don't have kids, likes quiet and solitude.", "I have been having headaches that keep my from church, but they're improving. I try not to take medication, but I eat healthy.", "I live in Arizona and like swimming.", "I like the quiet. I have been to Florida."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Ricky. I'm retired.", "I love to read, spend time with my family, and go to church. I believes in God. I love my grandchildren.", "I read the Bible and go to church often. I love the music.", "My grandkids are wild.", "I drive to church. I have grandkids and kids that live far away.  My kids don't care for church.", "I live in Florida in a condo near the water.", "I have visited Sedona AZ.", "I also dislike crowds of tourists."], "current_conv": ["Are your kids or grandkids coming to visit you in Florida soon?", "They're coming next month for about a week. My grandkids are like fish, they love the water so much. lol!", "That's great. You will have better time with your grand children. Can you afford them comfortable there", "Yes, I planned for their visits when I bought my condo. There's plenty of room in my place. ", "That's great. Have you go along with them a country side view. Are they share anything with you", "I'm not at all sure what you're trying to say here. I do live out in the country a little bit, as I don't live near a big city. Do you have any plans this summer to go to the beach or anywhere else for a vacation?", "Okay I will consider you thoughts. I am planning for vacation this year. I will take notice the points. I will delebirately share my opinion", "Where are you planning to go this year? ", "Planning for a long vacation. Can you have a suggession", "Well, the beach is always good, so Florida or North Carolina could be fun. There's an amazing area called Holden Beach, North Carolina that has homes for rent for a reasonable amount and has a long, private beach. It's a great place to go.", "Thank you for you kind response. Keep in touch with you. Best luck", "Thanks. You too. I hope you have a great time this summer."], "history_conv": [["Hello there? Who am I speaking with?", "Hi! My name is ricky. Who are you?", "Ptosis is my net name. What you like doing?", "I'm retired, so whatever I feel like doing when I wake up in the morning :).", "Me too! I've been everywhere & now just here.", "I just love to read, spend time with family (i love my grandchildren!) and church.", "I don't read so much nowadays, audiobooks & music only.", "I didn't use to, but now I read the bible and go to church often.", "I do enjoy the singing at church, I like to sing in general.", "So where are you from? I live in florida. Have to be by the beach!", "I been been all over the world and retired in arizona.", "Very nice! I'd love to travel, but my grandchildren provide all the joy I need."], ["I listened to a new audiobook I have to tell you about.", "Cool, what was the book's name and who it written by?", "Darn, I will have to get back to you on that one. It's on my tablet which is dead currently. It was a good book for kids too, so your grandchildren might like it. I will let you know. How are you and the grandkids?", "We're doing just fine. Church is a nightmare, they have a long way to go until they behave properly. They love to run around the place like chickens with their heads cut off.", "Oh, I'll bet. I haven't been to church in a while, but I remember we used to have a little children's sermon and then send them off to the nursery. Asking a kid to sit and be still for an hour while someone talks about things they don't understand probably is like asking for a miracle -- but I guess if you were gonna find a miracle somewhere, a church seems like an appropriate place.", "Yeah I've been a little more fatigued recently because of their behavior. I don't know if it's my age or just because I'm tired of dealing with them. I wish I could get one more miracle in life, to never have to be as tired as I am right now. Its hellish having to deal with them but at the same time it's the best thing to ever happen", "Ah yes, that's what I've heard my friends say about their children and now their grandchildren -- an exhausting blessing. I never had any kids. Sometimes I wish I had, but I have always been a person who likes quiet and solitude, so I guess things worked out the way they were supposed to.", "I guess so, God does have a way to make things right at very end. If only His plan always rewarded the moral things in life and punished the immoral, my life would have turned out better, but perhaps not I might've not met my wife if that was the case. What do you think?", "I have definitely gained some blessings via immorality ultimately, but I do still agree. There's harmless immorality and then of course the people who aren't so harmless -- those are the ones I'd like to see their cummupance", "Oh couldn't have said it better myself! There have been so many people in my life that have done me so dirty and I never saw them pain for their sins or never saw them at all. I wish I could them rot in hell. But then again you can't learn without mistakes, punishments, or negative consequences for things even if you did nothing wrong. At least that's the way I see it."], ["How often do you go to church?", "I go pretty much every week and sometimes even to the Wednesday night service as well. Even weeks that I don't feel like going, I'm always glad that I went afterwards. If nothing else, I love singing along with the music! lol!", "Me too, I love singing and the songs at church are so up-lifting. Is your church close to where you live?", "It's about 20 minutes away, which is a pretty easy drive on Sunday mornings. It seems like the only traffic is church-traffic. Is there any reason you haven't been going to church lately?", "I've been having bad headaches. They seem to be improving though so I hope to attend this Sunday. I sure miss my church family. Do you grandkids attend church too?", "No, I wish. My kids live about 200 miles away, so I only see them occasionally. Church didn't seem to take with my kids, but I hope sometime they'll be drawn back to the church. I'm sorry about your headaches. Yeah, church with all the people and loud music would make headaches so much worse. Do you take medicine for them?", "Oh thats a bummer they live so far.  I hope your kids go back to church someday too. Thank you; I try not to take medication, but sometimes I really need to. I've been eating healthier and its helping! How do you like living in Florida?", "I'm so glad that your lifestyle changes have been helping. I like Florida just a little in summer. I like it a lot in fall and winter, so in other words, I love it! It's amazing that nearly every day is sunny and I can see the water from my condo.", "Wow thats so neat you can see the water from your condo! What a dream. You deserve it now that you're retired. I love living in Arizona. I like the dry heat and swimming.", "I've only been to Arizona once, and it was Sedona, but it was a beautiful area. It was quirky and fun.", "Sedona is a nice area! Its been years since I've been to Florida. Too many crowds on the beaches for me, lol. But I would like taking quiet evening strolls on the waters edge.", "We locals know how to avoid the crowds. Trust me, we like the crowds even less than you do. lol!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My brother just returned from deployment.", "I used to drive a dump truck.", "I work in construction. I build swimming pools. I'm currently making a dachshund shaped pool.", "I like Budweiser.", "I don't make a lot of money.", "I like domestic beers.", "I've been very busy at work and need a vacation."], "partner_persona": ["My mom is Canadian.", "I like fruity cocktails.", "My father has a truck.", "I work outside.", "I don't have any kids.", "I work at a resort. The resort i work at is in Canada.", "I likecocktails, likes beer. I like margaritas. I like mai tais and pina coladas, but not as much as my favorite cocktail.", "We are beginning a construction project at work."], "current_conv": ["Did you begin construction yet, or are you still looking for help?", "We just started a few hours ago and we are always looking for help.", "Nice! What construction project are you guys working on again?", "We are putting in a giant greenhouse.  We have a big garden on site that we use to help feed the employees. That way, we can extend our growing season.", "That's a great idea!  I'd totally be willing to help out if you guys ever need it.", "Yeah we could use some experienced hands.  Have you ever worked on greenhouse construction?", "I haven't but I learn quickly.  As long as there's someone that can show me the ropes, I'll be fine.", "You should apply for a job with us.  Pay starts out a $20 an hour.  You would probably get more money since you have construction experience.", "that definitely sounds fair! I'm making around $25 now but that's right in the ballpark.  I'll be sure to apply tonight.", "I'll put in a word for you.  You also get a lot of great perks since it is at a resort.  You get free gym membership, free pool privilages, free jacuzzi privilages, some fresh meals grown right out of the garden on site.", "wow that's way more perks than I'm used to.  Count me in.", "Sounds good.  It will be fun working with you!"], "history_conv": [["Yo. My brother just returned from deployment.", "Wow. Congrats. My mum is canadian military stuff isn't so big there.", "Yeah I am stoked to have him back so we get get a brew.", "What does that mean? I spend most of my time outside so I'm more knowledgeable about that.", "Beer. We drink a lot of beer, with our pops. Good man.", "Oh I see. Not into beer really. Fruity cocktails? Yes. Like trucks?", "I used to drive a dump truck..", "Oh cool! My father has a truck.", "It was fun. Now I do construction.", "I work outside as well! We have a lot in common.", "Do you have any kids?", "None actually. I'm a bit short so I think that might have affected my firtility."], ["What kind of work do you do outside?", "I work at a resort", "that's cool. I recently did construction work at a resort.", "Nice! what did u build?", "We were building a new swimming pool. It was quite a nice resort, you could sit in the sun and enjoy some cocktails.", "Nice, cocktails are my favorite type of drink, beer is my seconds favorite. How is your brother doing?", "Budweiser is my favorite beer. I have only ever had a few cocktails in my life, I should try more. My brother is great, he might be moving to Canada.", "My favorite cocktail is a margarita. Do you know any maneuvers to driving a dump truck?", "I sure do, I miss driving my truck but I had to sell it", "Did the money you made by selling used for something good?", "Yes I did, construction just doesn't pay enough.", "Okay. Now, the construction market is in full bloom and I heard in news, not many workers available to support the projects"], ["What is your second favorite cocktail?", "It\u2019s a tie between Mai tai and pina colada ;)", "Hah, you do like them fruity!  Can you get them at the resort where you work?", "Guilty as charged! What are your favorite beers?!", "I am a Bud person mostly.  I like the basics.  I also like Coors. I wonder if Bud is popular in Canada too?", "It has a decent presence haha and I make sure there\u2019s a wide assortment of beer and cocktails at the resort lol", "That's great - sounds like a good place to hang out!  I am pretty beat from work this week.  A resort vacation sounds like a dream!", "It is! You have an open invitation to come here and chill- trust me, you won\u2019t regret it! It\u2019s the purrrfect place to de stress:)", "I'd love to get to swim in a pool instead of build one haha!", "Yeah... makes all the difference! In fact we have a construction project starting next week if you\u2019re interested?!", "Really?  That would be awesome!  I'm expecting to finish the current pool job this week.  It's a crazy one - the owner loves dogs, so the pool is shaped like a dachsund.", "Aww... dachshund shaped pool...that\u2019s way too cute! An"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drive a volkswagen beetle and only watch british tv. I love Dr. Who.", "my grandmother is from Italy. I have family in Italy. I am Italian.", "my favorite song is moonlight sonata by beethoven.", "I have been to the Caribbean. I like the Mediteranean.", "I have a vw beetle."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a bartender and live on a quaint little house boat but we are currently docked. I dock my boat in an out of the way place.", "my family is from the Caribbean. I haven't been to the caribbean in years.", "I don't have a favorite song but I love old indie music.", "I work a lot.", "I want to go to Italy.", "I like music, likes italian food.", "I don't have a car. I walk to work.", "I haven't seen Dr. Who."], "current_conv": ["Has the weather improved? Are you able to leave the dock?", "A little bit. Not enough to take the boat out though. Better safe than sorry. ", "How much longer are you going to wait?", "I'll wait until the seas are calm. I'm in no hurry. Besides, I have to work, so it's not like I can just take time off. I need the money.", "So how do you work when docked?", "Oh, I just walk to the bar. It's close by, so it", "Oh, I see. I know you dock it in an out of the way place but wasn't sure where in relation to work.  ", "It's just a short walk, which is handy. Especially after work, when it's dark out. ", "Is it ever dangerous walking back in the dark in such a secluded area?", "No, it's not too dangerous. I'm careful, though. Again, better safe than sorry. I try to stay in well lit areas and keep my wits about me. ", "I used to walk home in the dark too and it was always slightly unnerving.", "Yes, but the key is to make yourself not look like an easy target. Walk with a purpose, stay in lit areas, etc. Make it look like it would be hard to attack you. Bad guys do not want to work that hard. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you?", "I'm good. Tell me about yourself.", "I drive a volkswagen beetle and only watch british tv.", "Sounds fun. I am a bartender and live on a very quaint little house boat.", "I'm jealous! Where do you dock your boat?", "I dock my boat in my out of the way, it's not a known place.", "Where is your family from? My grandmother is from italy.", "My family is from the carribean.", "How lovely! What is your favorite song?", "I don't have any real favorites, but I love old indie music.", "Love it. My favorite song is moonlight sonata by beethoven, a classic.", "So you are very classy. What about good el."], ["Have you taken any boat trip lately?", "Not anything big recently. I have been working a lot to save up for some trips this summer.", "Nice! Anywhere in particular you want to go this summer?", "I'm not totally sure. I have family in the Caribbean and I'm thinking of going to visit", "That sounds awesome! I haven't been to the Caribbean in years. When was the last time you went?", "It's been about 10 years since I went there. I'm hoping to really travel to see more of the world since I have this little boat.", "Wow!! Have you thought about traveling in Europe at all? I have heard great things about the Mediteranean!", "I've actually considered going to Italy.", "No way! I still haven't been, but I do have some family over there!", "It seems like such a lovely country. I'm dying to try REAL Italian food! While listening to music in the streets.", "Doesn't that sound like an amazing experience?! You will have to come over for dinner one day when my grandma is cooking. She makes the BEST authentic Italian food.", "That sounds wonderful, thank you for the invite. Might need you to pick me up though, if you don't mind. I don't have a car right now."], ["My grandmother will be cooking food for us.", "Does this mean that you'll be having italian food since she is from Italy?", "Of course!  You are going to love it.  She is the best cook ever!", "I do love Italian food! Seen any good british shows lately?", "I've been mostly been watching some old ones.  And Dr. Who of course.", "Is Dr Who very well known? I believe I've heard of it.", "Yes, it's such a classic series with a huge following.  How is life on the boat?", "A little rough! There have been some good storms rolling through so i have been docked.", "Oh.  I suppose that's one of the downsides of living on a houseboat.  No cellar to seek cover in!  I bet it's been tough getting to work in the storms too without a car.", "I work close by and I have an umbrella.", "That's good!  I don't know how I'd get along without my beetle.", "You'd be surprised how it can all work out. Humans are resourceful if nothing else."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drink ice tea.", "I like visiting the zoo and I like the smell of the animals.", "I like horror movies. I have a cat that just had a kitten. I had more kittens before. I have a cat and kittens that are going to be adopted.", "I like to people watch. Sometimes I read a book while I people watch.", "I live in a very large city.", "I likehippos."], "partner_persona": ["I do shift work at a restaurant. I like the small of roses and ferns.", "I am terrified of horror movies.", "I love cats. I don't have a cat. I may adopt one of your kittens. I would like a black and white kitten.", "I like the author John Grisham.", "I have a sister and brother-in-law.", "I likehorses, thinks hippos are funny.", "I have been really busy with work. I'm working just to save up money.", "I don't think getting a dog would be good because i'm not around enough."], "current_conv": ["I have another friend who is excited to adopt a kitten too.", "That's good to hear! I think I may actially want one as well, like you said earlier. What do they all look like?", "Some are black, others are spotted. They're so cute! Maybe you can come over this weekend to see which one you can take home.", "I would love too! They sound adorable? I know you live in the city, so it might be a bit of a culture shock for me. I live in the country", "I didn't know that! Do you drive into town to work at the restaurant then? ", "Yeah, the restaurant I work at is in a small town nearby. It's a really quaint, beautiful town", "Ah I would love to live in a quiet town like that. Living in the city is too crowded and not leisurely at all. The fast pace isn't for me I think.", "I know what you mean. I don't think I could handle city life. Maybe after I visit you to pick up a kitten, you could come out to my place and see what country life is like. I think you'd love it!", "Definitely. You know how much I like animals. Would you mind if I stayed for a weekend?", "I think that'd be great! I could take you into town and show you the restaurant I work at. The people there would love to see a new face", "That'd be so fun! What kind of restaurant do you work at?", "It's sort of a diner-style restaurant. We serve burgers and fries and stuff like that"], "history_conv": [["Hi there just grabbed an ice tea and am looking forward to chatting with you.", "Hello I just finished my shift at the restaurant.enjoying the fresh smell of roses and ferns.", "Very nice. I enjoy visiting the zoo and smelling all of the animals there.", "Do you like horror movies.i am terrified of them.", "I like them but I'm more afraid of getting attacked by the kitten my cat just had.", "I love cats.do you read much?", "I read some, I'm from the city and like to people watch with a book.", "I enjoy john grisham.do you live in a large city?", "Very large. So many people here.", "Do you have a family? I have a sister and brother in law.", "My cats are my family.", "How many cats do you have?", "Just the two. The three of us look alike, we've been told.", "What color are your cats?"], ["I was people watching at lunch and I saw a woman walking her cat on a leash!", "awww that's so cute, what color was the cat?", "It was a very cute calico cat. I wish I can do that with my cat.", "Calico cats are adorable. How's your cat doing and the new kitten?", "She's doing well. Looking at her grooming the little fur ball is really heartwarming. Do you have cats?", "that is very cute, do you think you're going to keep the kitten or give it away? I don't have a cat at the moment but i do a lot of catsitting for my sister.", "I gave away the rest of the kitten and left only with this one. I don't have enough room for more kitten.", "I see, i think it would be quite difficult to have loads of cats. Did you see any cool animals on your last visit to the zoo?", "I went to see the hippos. I find them interesting. Do you have other animals you like other than cats?", "hippos are quite funny. i like horses too, there's a stable near my workplace.", "Wow. Won't the smell from the stable disrupt people in the restaurant?", "the restaurant is about a 10 minute walk to the stable so we cant smell the stable haha. we sell the best iced tea!"], ["Have you been working a lot?", "Yes, the restaurant has been very busy lately!  I've been working extra the last few days", "Oh, I see. Why are you working so much? Are you trying to save up for something?", "no not really.  Maybe I should get another cat haha.  I've just been filling in when needed.  Extra money never is a bad thing", "Haha, do you think your cat would like another cat? Maybe you should get a dog.", "I don't think a dog is a good idea.  I work shift work at the restaurant.  So I don't think I have the time that a dog really needs.  They are a lot of work, I think.  How's your cat and kittens doing?", "That's true. Dogs need a lot of attention but they're so much fun. My kittens are growing up so fast, it's crazy! I think they will be adopted soon.", "Wont you be sad to see them go?", "I will, but I think it'll be better for them in the long run. I can't give all of them as much attention as I want, you know?", "Yes, I can see that.  And you know they will go to loving families who will give them attention. That's awesome, but also sad for you too", "That's true. Maybe you should adopt one. Then I can go to will you and the cat.", "Oh, I'd love to!  I'll have to think about it.  I know I probably could manage it even with my work schedule.  Do you have a black and white one?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My father is in the Navy.", "I have been to school in two different countries. I went to school in Russia and Australia.", "I am a mechanical engineer. just got a raise at work. My father is proud.", "My name is James.", "I like dogs. I have a dog named Buddy. He is a Labrador retriever.", "I don't like the cold, likes Australia.", "I do not live in Canada. I live in Australia. I enjoy warm weather.", "I will be buying a monogrammed gift for the newborn."], "partner_persona": ["My father is a drunk.", "My name is Mark.", "I am a mechanic, live with father.", "I am married, have a baby on the way, want to move to a different country. I am considering naming my child Drew.", "I want to move to Canada or the UK. I enjoy cold weather.", "I will be visiting Australia."], "current_conv": ["When are you expecting baby Drew to be born?", "Probably next month but I hope Drew make it easy for me though lol. Congratulation on your raise. ", "Thanks I definitely worked hard for me. So will you be visiting the Opera house in Sydney when you visit Australia?", "I don't loke Opera but will definitely visit Opera house though. What other places would recommend but not those typical touring spots. ", "Any place where they're offering a safari type experience will definitely be one you'll enjoy. Will your wife and child be joining you on your trip?", "I have never done a safari tour so i guess that would be interesting. My wife will need some time after the baby so i'm wait for her to rest a bit then we'll Australia together. How is Buddy doing? ", "Oh he's great, he's loving this weather. Do you have any pets?", "That's great, I love dogs. No but I always wanted a Huskey. I might get it after i move. ", "Oh they're such sweet dogs too. Do you know anyone in Canada? I've always considered visiting."], "history_conv": [["My parent just called. They love looking our for me.", "Cool! I am about to be a prent. I hope I'm like that to my kid.", "My navy father loves his son so much.", "My father's not interested. He's a drunk, lol. Me too, I'm afraid.", "I have lived across the world, I schooled in two countries..", "I didn't have much book learning. Probably why I became a mechanic. What do you do?", "I am a mechanical engineer..", "So, we're both mechanical in a way. What's your name? I'm mark.", "I am james, maybe we can meet someday..", "Maybe we can. You good with kids? I'll need a babysitter soon.", "What I do sit pretty good are dogs.", "I dunno if that translates to babies though. I'm planning on a human baby, not a puppy."], ["How's the mechanic life treating you these days?", "It has been very good, soon I will have enough money to move out from my fathers house. how's your job going?", "How is your father? Is he still drinking? My job is going well.  I just got a raise so I am excited.", "nothing has changed with him, he still drinks. wow that's great, congratulations. your father must be proud.", "I am so sorry to hear that. I hope he gets help someday. Yes, he is so proud of me, thank you!  When is your first child due?", "she's due next month, i am excited. my wife and i might relocate to a different country when our daughter is born.", "Oh wow! That is very exciting. What country are you considering to locate to?", "Canada or the UK. What countries did you go to school in?", "Ohhh that is fun. Canada would be very cold to live in. I went to school in Australia and Russia.", "that's cool, which country did you like the most?", "I really liked Australia the most. I really don't like the cold very much.", "what did you like about Australia the most?"], ["Why would you want to move to Canada?", "I'd like to move to Canada since I prefer the cold weather up there. How is Australia?", "I would not survive that cold for even a day! It's so beautiful and warm here. You should visit soe time.", "Yeah it sure does get chilly sometimes but I don't mind. I would love to visit! Do you have any dogs?", "I just got a lab! His name of Buddy. He is the sweetest!", "That's adorable! I cannot wait to meet him and congratulations on your raise!", "Thanks! It will be life changing. What is new with you at work?", "Oh nothing knew, you know, same old, same old, I've been more busy getting ready for the newborn! Do you have any travel plans?", "That is so exciting! Do you have any names picked out? I would love to visit once the baby comes!", "Yes we're thinking of naming him Drew and we would love to have you visit, what do you think?", "I love that name. Very timeless. I will bring something monogrammed.", "That's very thoughtful of you! I'm sure Drew can't wait!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in the city with other people.", "I have always had to share a room. I went to college.", "I live near an ocean where hurricanes occur.", "I have a car. I also have horses.", "I grew up living near the beach so I have lost interest in it.", "My hair is brown. My female horse is chestnut brown.", "I am interested in touring houses. I found houses to tour online. I want to buy a house. I want to have more freedom where I live. I board my horses. I can't afford or maintain a farm.", " I majored in Psychology.", "I live in Maryland.", "I am looking to move to a new house. I am looking to live with roommates, or at least let strangers pay me to live in my house. I enjoy other people's company and would prefer to not be alone if I had the choice.", "I enjoy listening to music."], "partner_persona": ["I haven't bought a house before.", "I live in a city in Alaska. I don't live with my parents. My parents live up North from where I live. I live by myself.", "I don't like hurricanes. I like the beach. I am not interested in traveling.", "I am blonde. I have a blue eye.", " I moved here because I was interested in going to college here. I like the summer weather in Alaska. I don't like traveling. I do like the beach.", "I enjoy nature. I like to listen to the genre of music that matches my mood at the time."], "current_conv": ["The real estate agent just called and the seller accepted my offer on the new house I wanted!", "That is the best news! Congratulations!!! Are you going to have to have roommates?", "Yes, I am actually searching on Craigslist, but am only finding sketchy people.  Any tips?", "Maybe look into a church or at work? Friends of friends? How did you find your current roommates?", "Some friends of friends, but my new house is further away.", "Well, it never hurts to ask. Maybe they know of someone up where the new house is? I don't know if I would advertise too much. You don't want those sketchy folks to know you're alone. ", "Yeah, I've lived with sketchy people before.  We always had random people stopping by overnight and I never really figured out what they were doing.", "That's scary. I don't think I could do that. I would rather live alone that have that experience. ", "I wouldn't recommend it. Have you ever had roommates?", "In college, but that's it. I like the idea of sharing expenses, but I do like to have my own space. Much quieter.", "I might decide to live by myself eventually, but I do like saving a lot of money on rent.", "That's true. I guess it's a tradeoff. I'm not willing to make that right now. Luckily, right now, I don't have to. Living alone suits me, at least for right now."], "history_conv": [["Hello! You know anything about buying houses?", "Nop.... I have no idea.", "That's cool. I want to move out of the city and get my own place.", "I am thinking of that too I have been living in alaska for 3 yrs.", "I never even had my own room growing up or in college.", "That is not too god my parent stays in north we are not together.", "We have always lived by the ocean, but I want to move away from hurricanes.", "I dont like hurricanes too do you have a car?", "I do. I would love to be out in the country with my horses.", "It will be great I dont like travelling just like going to the beach.", "When you grew up on the beach you get over it quickly.", "Okay, what is the colour of your hair mine is blonde.", "Mine is chestnut brown, like the color of my mare.", "Great... I habe a blue eye what about you?"], ["I have found a few houses outside of the city that I'm interested in touring. Want to see pictures?", "How were you able to find it?", "I did some searching online and managed to find some great results.", "Are you going to look at a lot of houses? Are you looking to rent, or buy a house?", "I'm hoping to buy. I like the freedom of it. You don't have to ask your landlord for permission to do things with the house.", "Yes, that is true! Will you be able to bring your horses to the place you might buy, or do you board them someplace?", "I board them. It's just easier than trying to find a place with a barn and enough field space for them. Farms are expensive and there's a lot of maintenance that I just can't do on my own", "Yes, that makes sense. What did you study in college?", "Psychology. What about you? Did you go to college?", "Yes, that is how I ended up in Alaska. I wanted to go to college here and I liked it so much that I ended up ataying.", "Is it really cold up there year round? I live in Maryland so we get a good variety between the different seasons.", "We get decent summer weather. I really like that part of Alaska. I don't really like travelling, but I like the beach. Do you?"], ["I toured one of the houses that I found online-- it was a nice place! I am going to place a bid on it and see if I can buy it. It is exciting because it is near the place that I board my horses at!", "That is great that it is close to your horses. How big is the house?", "It has three bedrooms so I would rent 2 of them out. I don't want to live alone anyways. I think it's a good option. Do you prefer living alone or with people?", "That is good that you will rent two rooms out and be able to not pay so much yourself. I think I am in between liking living alone or with people. I like being able to interact with people, but I do not like the mess.", "Yeah, that's the idea. I think it's too lonely to live alone, plus you can pay for a housecleaner once a week. That usually saves a lot of arguments.", "Yes, it is to lonely sometimes being alone. But sometimes its good because you have it nice and quiet. That is a good ideal about a housecleaner once a week. When do you think they will accept your offer?", "I guess that's true too. When I want to be alone I leave the house and go on a walk. I'm not sure if they'll accept the offer actually..", "That is good going for a walk when you want to be alone. Why do you not think they will accept the offer?", "I think so too. Because it can be competitive. Sometimes a lot of people are applying for the same home. We'll see. How do you like to spend alone time?", "Hopefully they will accept your offer. I like to listen to music and go for a walk. Or sit outside with nature.", "I hope so too, thanks. THat's nice. I like to listen to music too, especially while walking. What type of music do you usually listen to?", "I listen to a lot of music. It depends on how I am feeling that way. What about you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am married. I have 2 children. I have a wife.", "I grew up in San Francisco. I have never been to Hawaii. We are planning a vacation in Hawaii.", "I take my wife fishing. My wife does not fish. I like to fish. I eat french fries.", "I work a long way from where I live.", "I do not have anyone to fish with.", "I dislike crowds. I commute to work. I like to drink alcohol."], "partner_persona": ["I am a scuba diver.", "I like french fries.", "I have been to Hawaii 3 times.", "I am recently divorced.", "I am knowledgeable about recreational areas around Hawaii.", "I was in the Marines. I like to fish with other people. I enjoy competing in sport fishing. I have not participated in fishing competitions in Hawaii.", "I am separated from my former partner. I like to drink alcohol.", "I keep in touch with friends from the Marines.", "I am not planning to travel this year."], "current_conv": ["We have our Hawaii plans all set up.", "Nice! What city will you be visiting?", "We are going to stick with the tourist areas around Honolulu.  I am planning on taking an introduction to scuba diving class.  I might come back better than you!", "hm debatable.  Maybe we can go together sometime so you can try to prove me wrong.", "Well, maybe I will need a few more lessons first.  I am going to try some of the local drinks.  I am looking forward to a Blue Hawaiian and a Hawaiian Hammer while I am relaxing on the beach.", "Those are some of my favorites! Is your wife excited?", "She is very excited!  We are going to do a lot of family activities, and she has a few she would like to do.  We will take turns watching the kids.  We are taking the kids to swim with dolphins and possibly on those submarines.", "that sounds awesome.  I've never checked out the submarines before.  That sounds like an awesome experience.", "I guess you probably never got on a submarine as a Marine.  But I have read that some or all of the security on submarines involves Marines?  Maybe I read that wrong.", "Maybe they do.  I never had to go on one though and neither did any of the marines that I know.", "Probably so, just not that many subs.  Change of topic - I'm looking forward to the food in Hawaii.  We have a night luau planned for the family.  That should be fun.  Dance, music, food and drinks.  I am still going to find a good burger place that has great fries. You know I love them!", "absolutely!  There's so much great food in Hawaii.  It'll be great for your family to be exposed to the culture there."], "history_conv": [["Hello there; how was your day.", "Great thanks. Just got back from scuba diving.", "I have been busy eating french fries made by my wife.", "Yumm! Who makes homemade french fries though? Ever been to hawaii?", "Not at all I grow up in san francisco.", "You need to take your wife! I've been three times it is that lovely!", "I will rather take her go fishing she loves it.", "Anyway I just divorced so spend time with her no matter what it is.", "I am indeed triying but my work place is far from where I live.", "Think of your family first. I am a marine vet so I know what I'm talking about.", "I have two kids they will keep her company.", "No, a woman needs more than that. Her husband and maybe some pets.", "Its really nice chatting with you.", "Same to you and take care of yourself."], ["My wife and I looked up Hawaii vacations for us and our children", "Nice! How long do you plan to spent there?", "At least a couple of weeks! Hope to get some good fishing in, maybe the wife and kids can go scuba diving while I go! Got any reccomendations?", "Kailua-Kona is definitely the spot for fishing. Maui is better for scuba diving.", "Guess we'll have to do some island hopping! I'm alright with that. Speaking of recommendations, I know you share my passion for fries, is there any spot I NEED to hit up? Kids love them too.", "Last time I went there, there was no ferry service between Maui and Kona, but flight only take 35-50 minutes so it's doable. I only went to Mahaloha Burger and Teddy's Bigger Burger. They are good. Not sure about the others.", "Thanks, I'll definitely check those out! Heck, maybe you should come with us and be our tour guide! Youre not in the marines anymore and I'd finally have a fishing buddy. I'd even go scuba diving!", "We should! I'm not into solitary fishing that much, but Kona is a hotspot for sportfishing, I always welcome fishing buddy to compete together. When are you planning to go?", "I was thinking early September, hopefully miss the worst of the tourist rush. Mhm, now I'm craving french fries. Wanna grab some and chat about the ex later?", "Avoiding the rush is a good idea. The chatting won't be a good topic if you come with your family. Maybe after their sleep time we can catch up with a drink, and fries of course!", "Nothing I hate more than too many people. I already deal with that enough on my commute to work! I'll be happy to not deal with that for a few weeks. Kids are normally down pretty early, how's nine at O'Sullivans sound?", "I'm in! Wow I'm craving for fries already."], ["How can you drink so much whiskey and not pass out?", "Well, I guess I have built up a tolerance since the divorce. Whiskey truly soothes the soul! LOL!", "Right on. Were all the Hawaii trips with your former partner?", "No, most of them were work trips when I was with the marines. I did take one vacation though with my ex. Didn't you say that you and your wife are planning a trip there?", "Yes, for us and the kids. Started looking into those places you recommended. Very excited for thins to come together. Ever done any fishing competitions down there?", "Very exciting!! I haven't done any fishing competitions, but I have heard that they are a great experience! Are you planning to enter one?", "Ha ha; no, I'm not at that level, but maybe someday. I'm just happy my wife joins me for it, even though she does not actually fish.", "Well maybe y'all could go watch one of the competitions! I bet the kids would enjoy seeing some of the huge fish that people catch!", "They are huge, right? That could be fun. Or I'll at least try to find one on the television. Do you still talk to anyone e from the Corps?", "I'm sure there will be a few going on while y'all are down there. I do keep in touch with a lot of my team. I actually think one of them is living in Hawaii!", "Oh, cool. I'll try to find a schedule, see how it lines up with our dates there. How about you? Any travel plans coming up?", "Nope! Just maxin' and relaxin' as a I try to finalize my divorce! It's all about me right now! Maybe next year I will start traveling again."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have older brothers. I have a dad.", "I am an engineer.", "I have a favorite band.", "My favorite band is Rush. I enjoy the music of Pink Floyd, Aerosmith, and AC/DC. I want to play an accoustic.", "I like action movies. I love popcorn. M&M's are my favorite.", "I like to work out."], "partner_persona": ["I do not have any brothers. I have a family. I have a mom.", "I am a therapist.", "I am not familiar with the band Rush. I like hip-hop and funk music. I enjoy the music of Earth Wind & Fire, Stevie Wonder, and Prince. My favorite Stevie Wonder album is \"Signed Sealed and Delivered\".", "I do not play instruments. I used to play piano and guitar. I like the drums.", "I love arts.", "I like action thrillers and horror films. I love popcorn. Peanut M&M's are my favorite.", "I like biking and swimming. I dont like the gym."], "current_conv": ["I heard purple rain on the radio and thought of you!", "RIP Prince. It's so sad that he's gone! What a great album!", "What's your absolute favorite Stevie Wonder song? Mine is Superwoman (Where were you?)", "That's a great song! Mine is probably Superstition, but it's so hard to pick out one song of his. He was so prolific. ", "Definitely. It really isn't a fair question, extremely hard to pick a favorite lol. What's your favorite horror movie of all time?", "Halloween. The original one. It basically established the modern-day horror movie. How about you?", "That's a great one. I'd have to say The Shining. It's not the scariest but the camera work and symbolism is brilliant. I've actually seen a couple of docs that analyze it", "Little did Kubrick know that his movie would be so significant that college students would be studying it 40 years later. lol! ", "Right! He was an absolute genius. I love the fact that Stephen King hated the movie so much he tried to do his own version later. I'm a huge King fan but he didn't do his own book justice with that one lol", "Yes, that was a swing and a miss by King. A few of his books (Children of the Corn, The Langoliers, etc...) were pretty poorly adapted to movies, but The Shining isn't one of them. lol!", "I'm willing to bet with the type of music you like that you love The Red Hot Chili Peppers ", "They're ok, but I prefer the music of the old funk performers like Earth, Wind & Fire, Parliament, Kool and the Gang and groups like that."], "history_conv": [["How many brothers do you have?", "None. What are some of the things you like to watch?", "I like watching movie with my older brothers.", "Ah, I watch football with my family and eat pizza.", "That is my dad's favorite sport.", "Nice, my mom doesn't like sports, she's too busy working normally.", "I see, it is strange my country dad cold chose to love such sport though.", "So, what do you do for a living? I work as a therapist.", "I am an engineer and I love it.", "That's nice. My mom loves her job too, she's a nurse.", "Do you love music, I have a favorite band.", "I'm not into music that much. What's your fav band?"], ["My favorite band just came on the radio and I have to share with you the song.", "Go for it - what's the song?", "Tom Sawyer by Rush. The guitar playing is amazing in the song.", "I'm not familiar with the band. What genre of music do they play?", "I guess they'd be considered rock, but the lead vocalist has a higher pitched voice and has more of an operatic singing voice. What type of music do you like?", "I like hip-hop and funk. I don't really have a chance to explore different artists too often. Which bands would you recommend if I wanted to explore rock?", "There's too many to choose from. Pink Floyd, Aerosmith, AC/DC. I think your best just finding a playlist and seeing what songs you like.", "Alright, I will do that. Maybe I will listen to some of those artists during my car rides. Thanks for the recommendations!", "No problems. Any recommendations if I want to try some funk?", "I'd say Earth Wind & Fire, Stevie Wonder, and Prince. Too many there as well. You can't go wrong!", "Do you have a favorite Stevie Wonder album?", "I'd say it's Signed Sealed and Delivered. Are you familiar with Stevie Wonder's music?"], ["I went through my brother's CD collection and he has a bunch of stuff by Prince, so I am going to give it a listen.", "Funny you mentioned music again! Just the other day I heard a song from Rush on the radio and I thought about you.", "Ah, my favorite band! I am thinking about picking up an instrument to learn how to play and I can immerse myself even more in the music. I would like to learn how to play an acoustic first, since it makes less noise and my neighbors won't be bothered. Do you play instruments?", "Naa, not that I don't like it.. I just do not have the patience for that! When I was little I played piano.. that worked for a few years (and I have forgotten all of it now). I also tried guitar, but it was too hard. What works best for me are drums... we bought a handpan not too long ago, that's so much fun.", "That does sound like a lot of fun. What other hobbies do you have then? I know you can't spend all of your time taking care of your family and being a therapist.", "That's right... I do not have much time at all. Mainly when I come back home I am so tired that all I do is trying to watch a good movie on Netflix and similar. But besides music and movies I also love arts", "That sounds really healthy. I love to watch a good movie on Netflix with some popcorn. I like all kinds of movies but I like action movies the best. What kind of movies do you like to watch? Are you into art films?", "If it's a good art film yes, absolutely! Sometimes they are a little boring though lol:) - My favs are action, thriller, sometimes horror.. and I LOOVE popcorn", "I love popcorn, too. Nothing like a good salty, buttery bag to go with a good movie. I also like to snack on chips and candy. My favorite are M&M's. Do you like to snack on any candies?", "Oh yes, I didn't have M&Ms in some time and now thanks to you I have cravings! LOL:) peanut ones are my favorites", "I love peanut M&M's, too! I can't have too much sugar though, otherwise I'll be bouncing off the walls. I also like to stay in good shape though with some exercise when I'm off work. How about you?", "I like bike and swimming. Do not really enjoy going to the gynm though to be honest"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am named Ptosis.  I am a vegan.", "I like to compost and recycle.", "I have a son.  I am a single father.", "I Like all kinds of music. I watched Kill Bill.", "My son starts 3rd grade next year.", "My son gardens with me. I am growing vegetables. I am growing broccoli and green beans. I love kale. My family and I don't like tomatoes. I grow strawberries and peaches. I like to garden.", "I like to listen to music."], "partner_persona": ["I am named Ricky.  I am a car salesman.  I am from California.  I work a lot. I am displeased with my working conditions. ", "I like to garden and grow my own food.", "I like to read.  i like Murder mysteries.", "I respect you the way you are raising your son. My mom was an office. She is retired and worked in Sacramento.", "I like all kinds of music.  I have a favorite band named 5 finger death punch.", "I never seen Kill bill movies.", "My son is turning 13. I have a wife. My son dislikes helping in the garden. I am growing lettuce, potatoes, carrots, and kale. My wife grows herbs. I have grown tomatoes, but I don't anymore. I would like to become a farmer. I like gardening.", "My sons birthday is on Christmas.", "I have been married for fifteen years."], "current_conv": ["My strawberries are starting to come up, any luck with your vegetables?", "My lettuce is growing strong and looks like it will be ready soon. The others are harder to tell. How are your peaches?", "They're looking great. They're a bit labor intensive and finicky but I think I've got the hang of it now.", "That is good. As a vegan do you eat a lot of the things you grow at home?", "Oh definitely! It makes life a lot easier because the produce at my local grocery store isn't the best. The California weather must be perfect for growing all kinds of produce.", "That is good. I was thinking of becoming vegetarian and but I do like barbecues food. What do you normal eat at barbecues?", "These days there are good plant-based patties that I usually look for. Before it used to be veggie burgers, which wouldn't be so great usually.", "Yes, I have noticed there is a lot more vegan and vegetarian options available in the shops now than there was before. I am thinking of growing black beans, the ones they use in the vegan patties, but my wife doesn't want me to use the last veggie plot for them.", "beets are also pretty good for making veggie patties. Does your wife like beetes?", "Yes she does. Yes, I may recommend that to her. She likes beets in her salad so she might like that option. What about radishes? Do you think they could be used?", "The texture might be a little odd, but roasted radishes are really delicious. I could see it working.", "Ok. I will keep that in mind. Thank you. What is the things that your son likes to plant in the garden?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there! How are you today?.", "I'm great, how are you? I'm ricky, a car salesman from california. What about you?", "It's me again, ptosis, I am a freegan vegan.", "Hey, I can relate to that. I grow all of my food from my garden!", "I composte, and try to use everything more than once.", "That sounds cool. I read a lot (mostly murder mysteries) and listen to music.", "As a single father, my son keeps me pretty busy'helping'me garden :).", "That's admirable. Teaching him right. My mother did the same. She was a police officer.", "Which city was she a po?", "Sacramento. She retired from the force. What kind of music are you into?", "Most any kind really, I love everything mostly.", "Same here. 5 finger death punch is my favorite band. Weird name, huh? Lol.", "From \"kill bill\" it's the one finger or two finger eye-snatch?", "I've never seen those movies! Mostly caught up in work at the dealership and such."], ["Hi Ricky!  Hope everything is going good with your son and the car dealership is doing well.", "Hi Ptosis! Sadly the car dealership I'm working at is in a bad condition right now. I might need to start looking for a new job. My son is doing well, he's at a difficult age though. How is your son?", "He is well! He starts 3rd grade next year! How old is your son?", "He is turning 13 this month. He complains a lot every time my wife ask his help to tend the garden.", "Oh! My son loves to garden with me! We are growing lots of vegetables right now!", "That's so nice! What vegetables do you have in your garden?", "We are growing broccoli and green beans right now! What are you growing in your garden?", "We have lettuces, potatoes, and carrots, and trying to start with Kale. My wife tends to the herb garden in the corner, but I don't quite get what's in there.", "That's great! I love kale! Hopefully when it is warmer we can grow some more fruits!", "What fruits do you have in mind? We grew tomatoes before (if they counts as fruits), but the demand is low for that in my family we so stopped growing them.", "Tomatoes are a fruit! My family doesn't like them much either! We grow strawberries in the garden and we also have a peach tree!", "Right? I also count them as fruits but my friends keep protesting and I gave up on that. Tomatoes are tomatoes, whatever they classified as. LOL. Is strawberry hard to grow? I'd like to try that."], ["How goes the gardening? I know you said you were trying to grow some kale", "It's great! Good exercise and sun, and then there's food after it's all done!", "Yes, that seems like a good deal. You get all that in one.", "I usually listen to music while gardening. Do you?", "Yes, I like to listen to music when I garden also. When is your sons birthday?", "It's actually on Christmas! He kind of gets robbed it seems...", "That is funny. At least you can make his presents for both.", "When is your son's birthday?", "My sons birthday is in  April. How long have you been married for?", "15 years! I can't believe how fast it's gone by!", "That is crazy. They say time goes fast when you are having fun. How do you like being a cars salesman?", "It's a job. I think I'd rather be a farmer but land is so expensive. People will always need cars though, I think..."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to read.", "I live in the city.", "I like to walk.  I have a job that I walk to.", "I take a pilates class.  I enjoy pilaties.", "I have 1 brother. I want a portrait of my brother and I.", "I have 5000 dollars.", "I don't think rats are cute.", "I don't have any dogs. My favorite dog breed is an Akita. I might want a pitbull. I was bitten by a dachshund and chihuahua.", "I used to work at a daycare for dogs. I don't like the dog named Maggie."], "partner_persona": ["I like to coupon.", "I live in the city.  I like to take evening walks.", "I have 5 dogs.  I have 3 rats.", "I go to college.  I like to paint. I like to paint family potraits.", "I am in debt with college tuition.  I charged 5000 for a painting of 2 people. I am a good painter and worth the 5000.", "I am painting a portrait for the other speaker. I like finding coupons. I painted a portrait of Elton John with his dogs.", "I went to art school. I paint for professionals. I love painting regular people.", "I have a painting of my pets. I have pet rats. I have a great dane, 2 German shepherds, a pit bull, and a mutt. I adopted my dogs from the shelter. I own five dogs.", "I was bitten by my friend's rat terrier.", "I am working on speaker 1's portrait."], "current_conv": ["Have you finished painting my portrait?", "Not yet but i will definitely finish it soon but i can tell you look really good in it. ", "I can't wait! How long does it usually take to do a formal portrait? Have you been keeping busy with other things?", "It varies from months to years if you want you know what i mean but it really depends on how much are you putting in. I got some other portraits to work on but my dogs is sick so i'm taking care of it more now.", "Oh no! It's always so frustrating when animals are sick because they can't tell you what's wrong or how they feel. Hopefully a vet was able to help. Are the other dogs being nice to the sick one at least?", "Vet did a good job but it take sometime for him to recover but yeah my other dogs are treating him pretty well, laying around him and licking him more even my rats looks worried for him. He'll nbe fine for sure. How are your petss?", "I didn't think rats could show that kind of niceness or emotion. Maybe I should give them a little more credit - I bet they can actually be pretty smart. The dogs at the daycare are doing well, but I'm actually in the process of now of getting kittens! I'm really excited. ", "Rats are smart. That's cool. Kittens are so cute but it is a lot of work, Have you decided on the breed yet?", "As much as I think certain breeds of cats are really smart or pretty, I think I'm just going to see what they have at the shelter. I think it's important to rescue pets when you have a chance, rather than have breeders introduce new ones. I've always loved cats, and kittens can be so playful. I hope the process moves quickly.", "Getting it from the shelter is an awesome decision. Yeah my hands are full but if i could ever get a cat, it would definitely be a Persian.  ", "I don't blame you. Those are such beautiful cats. I bet it would give your rats some trouble, though! I love the idea of getting more than one kitten so that they can play with each other. I bet all your pets enjoy having the others as company when you aren't around.", "Haha that would be a Tom and Jerry scene in my house if i get a cat. i always think they are like secret life of pets when I'm not around. I'm pretty sure you will those love those cute fur balls. "], "history_conv": [["Hello, just finished a novel, read about one a week, how are you.", "Hi I'm good, I mainly like reading coupon books to find the best deals.", "You shop in the city, I do cause thats where I live.", "I do, don't you love walks at sunset in the city? They are my favorite.", "Yes, I do, I walk alot, especially to work.", "Same here, I have to with five dogs and then the three rats, they are very active.", "Lol, three rats? I gotta run in a few, pilates class (my favorite).", "Yup, 3. I hear you, I'm in college and paint on the side so I understand busy.", "Yea, I stay busy, my brother's on the phone (my only brother).", "I would love to paint you and your brother. I'm very good at family portraits..", "Wow, would you do a portrait of us, cool.", "I would, my prices start at $5000(need to pay my full-time college tuition) let me know.", "I might have that in my petty cash drawer, let me check.", "Trust me you won't regret this. Can't put a price on family."], ["I am excited for the portrait that you will be doing of me and my brother.  Have you found any good couponing deals lately?", "I can't wait to do that painting for you. No I haven't found any good coupons lately, but I hope to find some good ones soon.", "I'm sure it will be incredible! Have you been doing a lot of painting for other clients recently?", "I did a painting for Elton John and his dogs awhile back I was star stuck, but I managed to get through it.", "That's insane. Congratulations! I'm sure that job took a healthy chunk out of your student debt.", "Oh, yes. Art school isn't cheap, but I have more and more professionals asking me to paint for them after that. I love painting regular people better it is just more fun.", "You deserve it. Hopefully the interest keeps up. I would love to see a painting of your pets. Have you ever done a self portrait with all of your pets?", "Yes, it was the first really big one I did. It was how I realized I love to paint portraits.", "That sounds adorable! I don't think I have ever seen a family portrait with rats before. I have never understood how some people don't think they're cute.", "They are great little pets. But I did leave them out of the painting. Just the 5 dogs since the rats don't stay still.", "That does make a lot of sense. I can't imagine the dogs were too cooperative either. Are they all the same breed or do you have a big mix?", "I have a grant Dane, two German shepherds, pit bull, and a mixed we are not sure what he is."], ["Tell me more about your dogs. What are their personalities like?", "They are very playful and energetic! I love taking them to the park and watch them run around happily.", "I really want a dog some day.  Did you adopt them all?", "Yup, all from the same shelter! What kind of dog are you looking to get? Maybe I could help.", "I have certain breeds that I love such as Akitas but those would only come from a breeder.  I have no real preference but maybe a pittie just because people still have negative impressions of them.", "Pitbulls are lovely! My pitbull is very kind and sweet, like a giant teddy bear. For me, it is all about the owner raising the dog right.", "Definitely true. The only dogs I've ever been bit by were a dachsund and a chihuahua.lol", "Same here. My friend's rat terrier bit me once and I didn't even notice until I realized the dog was hanging on my arm.", "I used to work at a doggie daycare and the meanest dog there was a rat terrier named Maggie.  I love dogs but Maggie...not so much.", "I wish I could work at a doggy daycare but between my five dogs, school and painting my life would get a little too crazy, haha.", "Yeah, I can imagine.  The discount would sure come in handy though.lol  Are you working on a big piece at the moment?", "Yup, your portrait is taking more time than I expected it to!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to eat steak. I cook for myself. I run.", "I celebrate Easter. My parents live in Alaska. I will visit my parents for Easter.", "I work as a programmer.", "I don't visit my parents very often.", "I will be flying to Alaska for Easter. I will be visiting my parents, whom I don't see very often. I will have to do work on my flight.", "I am a good cook but it took practice.", "I have a toyota Corolla.", "I like apple pie."], "partner_persona": ["I am a woman. I sometimes wear dresses. I am visiting my family for Easter. I try to visit my parents as often as I can. My mom bought me a new car. I like my new car.", "I will cook ham for Easter. I am not a good cook and sometimes have  trouble in the kitchen. I have a mom who will help me out. I love savory pies. My mom makes apple pie.", "I have a Lexus ES 350."], "current_conv": ["Alaska was great, not ready to leave yet!", "That's great!  Enjoy your time with your family.  Did you have a big get-together with other members of your family?", "Oh yes, I have a big family. My mom has 7 siblings and each of them have many kids as well. I think I have about 28 cousins from my mom's side. Do you have a big family?", "Wow!  That's a huge family.  It's just me and my parents for Easter.  Did you do most of the cooking?", "That's fun! I did not do most of the cooking. When I was home with my family, all the elderlies liked to take on all the cooking. So I just let them be and instead enjoyed the time with my cousins.", "With so many cousins, I bet there's a lot to catch up on.  How long will you be in Alaska for?", "I will stay for another 3 days and then fly back to Chicago. I have to go back to my demanding programming job. What do you do for a living?", "I'm a freelancer mainly.  Growing up I didn't have a lot of family members around me like you to help me decide on a career path.  I envy your large family, and I bet cooking is a big deal in your family with so many mouths to feed.  What are some of your traditional family dishes?", "Oh my mom wanted me to stay back in Alaska when I graduated high school but I thought I wanted to explore the \"outside\" world more. They didn't really help me decide on my career path, so you're definitely  not losing much there! My grandmother has this really great cranberry pie recipe, so every Easter my aunts and my  mom will make a dozen of the pie to feed everyone of us!", "Mmm...  That cranberry pie sounds amazing.  My mom has a killer appie pie recipe of her own.  I'm sure it has to be a team effort to bake all those pies.", "Yes, we have cranberry pies every time we get together-- Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter. It is a tradition without fail every year. Apple pie sounds really yummy, would love to try that next time I visit you. Does your mom ever go to the orchard and pick fresh apples for the pie?", "No, she just buys them from the store since there's just a few of us.  What else do you guys do during these get-togethers besides eating?"], "history_conv": [["I just finished eating some steak. So yummy.", "Oh that must be good! Did you make it youself?", "Oh yeah. I did after I finish running this morning.", "Oh that is a good way to get your energy back! Any plans for easter?", "I plan to go visit my parents in alaska.", "I will be spending it with my family as well, and showing off my new dress!", "I wish I could but programming is very demanding.", "But I thought you were visiting your parents? So you work as a programmer?", "Oh yeah I only visit my parent very few times.", "I visit as much as possible. My mom got me a new car so you know...", "Wow. I bet it will be very lovely.", "It is, but now she wants me to visit almost every day! It can be a lot."], ["I just booked my flight to Alaska for Easter! My parents will be happy we can spend some time together over the holiday, since I don't see them very often.", "That's awesome! I'm sure they'd be thrilled to see you. How long is the flight there? Must be quite the trip", "Goodness, I am not even sure! I certainly have plenty of work I need to do on flight. Our new interns make more work than they are worth.", "Yeah, I'm sure having new people in your programming team can't be fun. But at least you'll be able to do some work without getting interrupted on the plane! Haha. What are you planning to do with your parents once you're there?", "My mom will want to introduce me to all of her neighbors and I am sure she has a big Easter dinner planned. What about you? Do you have to cook the ham since your mom bought the car? hahaha :)", "Oh definitely. She's not going to let me off the hook. But she's a softie so she will end up helping me out as I'm kind of a hot mess in the kitchen. Do you have any tips for me for becoming a better cook?", "The best advice I can give is to learn from your mistakes. I burned a lot of dinners before I became the cook I am today. Also, brown sugar.", "Alright, so maybe I will not let my mom help me as much this time. What's so great about brown sugar??", "Have you never had Easter ham!!? It can be just a sugary mess and everyone will LOVE IT. Haha or maybe that is just my family.", "Ooh so that's why it's so sweet! Haha that should tell you how much I know about cooking. But great tips! Maybe we should have a cooking session sometime and you can teach me all your tricks!", "I would love that! What is your favorite dish that you do not know how to cook?", "I love savory pies. Do you know how to make those?"], ["How are you enjoying your new car? What kind is it?", "It's a Lexus ES 350! It's a very nice car! What car do you have?", "I have a Toyota Corolla with many many mmiles on it. It gets me from A to B and is dependable so I can't complain!", "That's great! I hear Lexus is manufactured by Toyota, so they use the same parts and all that.", "It's nice that your mom is able to help you out! I wish my parents were closer, but it sounds like we both will be seeing family for Easter!!", "Yeah, it definitely is! Where are you flying from, by the way? How long is your flight?", "Flight is out of Chicago. Not really sure how long it will be, depends on my connecting flights ANNNDDD if they change my flights. I've learned to be flexible when flying!", "Haha, O'hare, right? I think O'hare is the most flight-delayed airport in the US. or something like that. It's wild.", "Yes!! Midway is just too small to get deals out of. The time should go fast tho as I'll be catching up on some work and of course looking forward to some good Easter food! What's on your menu?", "Sounds like a productive flight! Other than ham, we'll bake up some meat pies, empanadas, and quiches!", "Heyyy! That sounds great!!! I'm a fan of my mom's apple pie. What do you serve for dessert?", "We're doing apple pie too! Made by my mom, of course!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in New York. I like autumn.", "I am a grandmother. I have five grandchildren. I frequently visit Barnes and Noble and I enjoy being there.", "I don't have any pets. I like to listen to music from Journey and Styx.", "I enjoy going to the beach.", "I have a grandson. I enjoy Mediterranean food. My grandson is visiting.", "I have never tried skydiving.", "I usually order food that I am familiar with."], "partner_persona": ["I live in Phoenix, Arizona.", "I love spending time at Barnes and Noble.", "I have a pet bearded dragon.", "I work in the Capitol. I like classical music.", "I frequently go skydiving. I have been skydiving for over five years.", "I enjoy Mediterranean food, specially the vegetable and sauces.", "I wish we lived nearer to water.", "I am going to a restaurant tonight. Today is my birthday. My favorite item on the menu is shakshuka. I enjoy shrimp pasta and baked chicken drumsticks.", "I like to try new food once a month. My birthday party includes a lot of family members.", "I have some in-laws in my family."], "current_conv": ["The Mediterranean food we had a few days ago was amazing, how about yours?", "It was ok. I had a seafood entree. I didn't want to do too much though as I am going out again tonight! This time for Mexican!!", "Oh wow, have you decided on the restaurant? ", "Well, my family is in town and they really like Joses so we are going to go there. Have you been there?", "That's great. I have never been to Joses, What's their special?", "Not sure what the special is today, but I really like their chicken chimichanga. You know me and trying new foods tho. If they have something new, I might try that. They usually don't disappoint. Maybe you and your grandson should try it", "Sounds delicious but i  have never had a chicken chimichanga and i avoid food that i don't know about. I might try this one though. . ", "Ya, I think Joses in NY is down near Broadway. That might be a bit of a drive for you two. It would be a shame to go all that way and then not like it. What is your go to restaurant?", "Yeah that would be a stretch, You know my son likes tacos so that that what we eat lol. How was your birthday party?", "The party is tonight. Got all kinds of family coming into town. Hope I can get through it all! You know how it is, soo many people and trying to say hello to all of them! Also not a fan of being the center of attention! BUT!! We'll have good food!!", "That is so great, It is all good when you have good food and champagne. ", "I'm actually hoping for a good Margarita from Joses. We'll have to touch base again after tonights festivities. I'm sure I'll have some stories to tell! Just another chapter in a book right?!"], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon. Nice to chat with you.", "Same to you, I live in phoenix, its quite hot today.", "I live in new york. Pretty gray and dreary spring. I prefer autumn anyway.", "I just love spending time at barnes and noble. You?", "I enjoy that too... With five grandchildren, I am there quite often.", "I think I may get a book on lizards. I have a bearded dragon!", "How interesting. No pets here. How about music. I like journey and styx.", "Well I work in the capitol so classical for me.", "That is nice. Are there nice beaches in phoenix? I enjoy going to the beach.", "Were landlocked on all sides so I go skydiving a lot.", "My grandson tried skydiving while in the mediterranean. Me, I enjoy their food.", "I love it too, the vegetables and sauces are amazing.", "I agree!! I am so glad that I was able to talk this afternoon with you.", "Same here! It was quite enjoyable."], ["You mentioned that you go skydiving a lot, but what first made you interested in trying it? It seems like it would be scary, but really thrilling.", "Well, since I live in Arizona I've always wanted to get a better view of my state and ever since I started sky diving I've found that I really get to see the beauty of it. I've been addicted ever since.", "Oh wow that sounds amazing! How long ago did you start doing it?", "I've been going for over five years now! I heard your grandson went sky diving before, have you ever tried it?", "I have not. I've been very tempted several times but have not taken the leap! I think that going someplace out west like you would be cooler that in New York.", "Haha yes, I'm sure it wouldn't be as fun over there. Although, if it were possible, I think sky diving amongst the sky scrapers of New York City would be super cool. Probably very dangerous though LOL.", "Oh dear I would be so scared going in between sky scrapers! What is your favorite place to sky dive?", "Sedona down here in Arizona is very beautiful! In the summer it can be very hot but you get to see all the pretty orange rock formations and you can catch a pretty nice updraft which helps for sky diving and hang gliding.", "Oh that sounds like it would be beautiful!", "Yes, It is! Not as cooling as the beach though. I love Arizona but I wish we had more water to cool off in.", "Water is definitely great for cooling down! We have the Finger Lakes up in New York and they are beautiful!", "I would love to visit there sometime!"], ["I have my grandson over this weekend, I think we're going to make some Mediterranean tapas food, it will be delicious!", "Mediterranean food awesome. I think I am having some tonight. I carving their vegetables since they are so good.", "Do you cook the vegetables on the grill? I've heard that it can impart a more authentic flavor.", "Usually, but tonight we going to a restaurant its my birthday and I don't think I should have to cook myself dinner.", "Happy Birthday! I completely agree, you deserve to not have to deal with cooking. What's your favorite item on their menu?", "Shakshuka is one of my favorites, but I always love their shrimp pasta and the baked chicken drumsticks. There is just so many. I might try something new tonight.", "Hey, you can't go wrong with that approach! I need to be more adventuresome when I go out to eat. I usually just order the usual when I'm at my regular restaurants, but I think I'm missing out.", "Yes, I always try to try something new at least once a month. I don't always like it and won't get it again. But I have gotten some really great new dishes this way.", "I'll try to take after you! So who is coming along with you for this birthday dinner?", "Tonight is just my husband, my parents, his parents and some adults and uncles. Tomorrow we are having a home meal so the kids in the family can celebrate my birthday also.", "Oh wow, that's a big group! It sounds like you must get along pretty well with your in laws, though, so that's great!", "Yes, they are great. I got lucky with them cause I know some can be horrible."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I recently gave birth to twins.", "I play tennis every week.", "I used to work at Ikea in Sweden for 12 years.", "I'm a stay at home mom.", "I have a husband who travels a lot. I want many more children.", "I go to the church. I am looking for volunteers for the church. I study bible at my church retreats."], "partner_persona": ["I love Ice cream. I work at a fast food place.", "I'm in high school. I am in the boy scouts. I plan on becoming an eagle scout.", "I would love to volunteer at the church.", "I have lot of vacations days saved up.", "I manage scouts. I am employed.", "I am religious."], "current_conv": ["How's life going. You still busy with everything?", "Yes, I am. But I love keeping busy. I'm sure that you have no trouble staying busy, either. lol!", "No, definitely not with twins on board.  They keep me super busy, but I always make time for my church.  We're looking for volunteers if you're interested.", "Absolutely. I've been looking to do that for a while now. What kind of jobs do you have available?", "I'm sure we can find something that matches your interests.  Have you done volunteering work at other places before?", "Yes, I have done a lot of volunteer work in Boy Scouts. We do volunteer activities around once a month. ", "That's great!  How long have you been involved with the Boy Scouts, and how has your experience been?  I'm thinking of putting my children in Boy Scouts as well.", "I've been in for 7-8 years so far and it's been pretty great. I would highly recommend it. You learn a lot of really practical skills and going on camp outs is really fun!", "Sounds like something my kids would definitely enjoy.  Sorry if this is a silly question but what is the difference between a Boy Scout and an Eagle Scout?", "Not silly at all. Eagle is the highest level you can achieve in Boy Scouts. I'm a Life Scout now, which is the 2nd highest level. To be honest, I'm getting a little old for Boy Scouts at this age, but I want to get my Eagle Scout badge for college applications.", "I see.  Thanks for explaining that.  Good luck to you with your Eagle Scout badge.  It's good you're thinking ahead towards your college applications and what you need to do to stand apart from the crowd.  Do you have any colleges in mind at the moment?", "A few, but I think I'm going to the local community college for at least a couple of years. All of the money that I've put away from my job should pay for that."], "history_conv": [["Howdy! How are you today?", "Hey. I am good. You?", "Im well, just gave birth to twins!", "Wow!thatost keep you busy. What else keeps you busy.", "Well I play tennis every week and go to church.", "Where do you work? I work at a fast food place but love ice cream more.", "I transferred from an ikea in sweden worked there for twelve years!.", "Wow! I haven't even started college yet.", "Well since the twins ive become a stay at home mom, its fulfilling anyways.", "Do you have other children as well?", "Not yet, but I want a lot! My husband travels a lot so it gets lonely.", "Sorry to hear you are lonely.scouts helps me make friends.", "Are you an eagle scout yet?", "Not yet but I hope so soon. Where you ever a scout?"], ["I just got a call from the church looking for volunteers this weekend. Would you be interested?", "Yes, I would love to. The boy scouts have been looking for service among their members, and I think this is a great opportunity.", "We need lots of volunteers so if you could ask the other boy scouts if they are interested I'd appreciate it.", "I think they would be interested. I'll have to ask my boss at my fast food place, but it shouldn't be a problem.", "Do they let you off work so easily? You're so lucky. When I was your age there is no way my manager would have let me off work without at least a months notice.", "Usually, they don't like it, but since it is for a service opportunity I think my boss will understand. I also have a lot of vacation days saved up.", "Have you not had an vacations recently then?", "No, I have been just doing schoolwork and my job, as well as my scouts meetings, but definitely no vacations.", "You should come along to one our church retreats. They are like vacations but we also study the bible. Very calming.", "That sounds very calming! When is the next one?", "The next one is in mid summer, we don't have an exact date but I'll make sure you're on the list of people to contact once we know.", "Thank you, that is very kind of you. Do you have specific experiences from them that you really remember?"], ["How is your work going? Hope it is easy to manage school and work together these days!", "It's going well! The hardest part is managing the scouts and work and school all in one day! I'll be glad when summer comes! How is tennis going?", "Just starting to get back to it after having the twins.  It's hard to find the time now.", "How are the twins? I bet they are a handful!", "Oh, yes! But I love it.  I want triplets the next time!  I want enough kids to start my own choir!", "That's a lot of kids! But since you love the church so much having enough for a church choir sounds like a good idea! Have you had any luck finding volunteers? When is your next retreat?", "We've gotten some volunteers, but always need more!  Thank you for getting your scout troop involved.  We are having another retreat next month.  It'll be a youth retreat if you and your friends would be interested.", "That sounds like a great idea! I could use some of my vacation days at work and we could come to the retreat!", "They are always worth the time.  So spiritually uplifting!  I'll be having to bring the babies along, so I hope they won't fuss too much.", "I'm sure they will be just fine. They are probably going to be little angels.", "I think they can read each other's minds.  It always looks like they are plotting something! haha", "I've heard that twins are connected in ways that most siblings aren't. Something about them sharing a womb and all that. I would not doubt the possiblities."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to eat poultry. I like most meat. I don't like pork.", "I am in programming.", "I enjoy running. I don't wear running shorts.", "My parents were born in Alaska. I live in Alaska.", "It is not the first time i have seen a bear on a run. I run frequently. There is always wildlife in my neighbourhood.", "I also love nature.I like to listen to music whilst running.", "I never listen to music.I find music distracting. I don't like classical music. I like rhythmic music. I use music to fall asleep.", "I do cardio.", "I work in an office.", "I use my money for free time. I play music in my free time."], "partner_persona": ["I like all kinds of meat.", "I am a tax accountant. I work with excel. I have an administrative office job.", "I like Sufjan Stevens music.", "I recently moved into a new apartment in a safe neighborhood. I go on morning runs. I love being out in nature. I also run frequently. I prefer listening to beats without lyrics when running.I like Nujabes. I dont listen to music whilst working.", "I haven't worn snow shoes.", "I live in an urban area. I do not see wildlife very often.", "I don't like classical music.", "I don't do yoga.", "My job is boring. I need to concentrate at work."], "current_conv": ["I saw a bear on my morning run.", "That's crazy! I'm glad you're ok and didn't get attacked. What kind of music were you listening to on your run?", "No attack.  Seeing bears and other animals is pretty common here.  You learn to stay way from then whenever you can.  I do not listen to music when I run because I like to hear nature and make sure I am aware of wild things!", "Oh I definitely get that. What do you do in your office job?", "I program websites and ", "That sounds great. My father is a computer engineer. I bet you know your way around computers.", "Oooops.  Cut that message short!   Yes, I have been working with computers for years.  I am working from home so having this IT job has been very fortunate for me.  I continued to work through all the chaos of the past months.  Are you still running?  No bears for you!", "I am still running but I'm on the treadmill in the gym these days. I don't like getting up too early and it's way too hot this summer to run in the afternoons", "That makes sense.  Running in the heat can be counter productive.  How is the tax accounting work going?  There have been extensions for filing taxes and a lot of changes in the tax law lately.  Probably takes you a lot of time to stay up with this?", "It's pretty steady, I have a few new clients. What kind of music do you listen to in your free time?", "Good for you with new clients.  Always nice to know you have skills that others appreciate.  I really like techno music.  I am more interested in new sounds and beats than the words in music.  I am terrible at remembering lyrics - probably why I am not really into that music.  Speaking of my bear encounter, have you tried any wild game meats?  I know you like your meat.", "I've tried deer and bison before. Of the two, I definitely prefer bison meat. It's leaner and much better tasting. "], "history_conv": [["I just looove a good chicken! What's your fave meat?", "I'm really into anything that's high-protein, so I'll eat any meat you can think of!", "I love meat as well! I just don't eat pork! Are you into programming?", "No! I am a tax accountant, though, so I do a lot of work with excel.", "Neat! I'll call you next tax season.", "That works! Besides programming, are you into music? I really enjoy sufjan stevens.", "Never heard of him. I don't really listen to music..", "That's unfortunate. I think he's wildly eclectic! What about running?", "I make sure I never wear runnign shorts, but I do enjoy running, yes.", "Just moved into a new apartment in a safer neighborhood, so I've been doing morning runs!", "Oh congrats on the level up! My parents were born and raised in alaska.. Nowhere is safe.", "I always picture alaska as super snow-filled; I don't see myself running in that weather!", "Ne word: snow shoes! Although there are roads, etc. You just have to be safe.", "I've never worn snow shoes! I can't imagine what the tax accountant jobs are like out there."], ["I saw a big bear this evening while on my run! It was going through my neighbors garbage cans.", "How scary! Is that a pretty common thing where you live? Seeing big bears around the neighborhood?", "Yeah, unfortunately it's not the first time I've seen a bear on a run! I'm guessing it's not very common where you live?", "Not at all. I live in a pretty urban area so no chance of bears here! It must be great to see wildlife, even if they are digging through trash cans.", "Eh, I wouldn't mind a wildlife free run every once in a while. It's a rarity around here. When you go running, do you just run on the streets then, or is there a park nearby?", "I definitely try to find parks even though plenty of people run on the streets. I personally love being out in nature, so I try to go out of the way to do that when I can.", "Ah, got it. That's good you have some parks at least, then. I love nature too, most of the time. I'm just being snarky about not wanting to see wildlife. I remember you said you liked Sufjan Stevens. Is that the kind of music you listen to on your runs? I'm actually on the hunt for some new running tunes.", "For running, I actually prefer beats without lyrics. I usually go with some sountracks that I like. I highly recommend Nujabes!", "Thanks. Like I said before, I really never listen to music. But I've been trying it out for running more recently. I read it can really boost your performance, so I'm giving it a shot. I'll check out Nujabes!", "Yeah! It really helps me get over those humps during my runs where I just want to give up and go home.", "Yeah, usually I just find music distracting. Like, I can never listen to it while working, but I'll see if I can get accustomed to it while running. Do you listen to music while you work? I imagine you must have to concentrate a lot for your job, so maybe music is too distracting for that.", "Oh no, I can't listen to music while I'm working. It's too difficult to concentrate, like you said. Try it out, maybe you'll find some tunes you like, but yeah, I know what you're saying with it getting distracting!"], ["I tried listening to msuic whilst running and its amazing. Nujabes is really somthing else.", "Nujabes has so much amazing music. It's a shame that he's not well known in some areas. I get so pumped on my morning runs as well. I'm glad you like it. What other type of music are you into?", "I like to music when I don't have to worry about being distracted. Some people like classical music or contemplative music for programming, but I don't. I've tried rhythmic music for exercising. It works well.", "Rhythmic music? Oh that's interesting. I don't think I could ever exercise to classical music. It would bring me down so bad!", "Couldn't do classical for exercise. Tried it while programming, but I just focused on the music. Classical music for yoga maybe? Stretching? Not something when my heart is pumping.", "I think the slower pacing and tone would work well for yoga perhaps. Contemplative music would be good for meditation or something to that effect aswell.", "I like contemplative/space music for falling asleep. It slows my mind down. Good for powering down.", "You know so much about so many varieties of music. Maybe you could recommend me some sometime? I can use it to keep my mind going when I'm doing spreadsheets and the like at work.", "I haven't found the right kind of music to work to. Usually white noise or brown noise can drown out the ambient noise of the office and make space for thinking.", "Being a tax accountant is great pay but it does get a bit monotonous. I like to listen to my playlist on Spotify when I'm working. It's just not that big of a list and I listen to the same stuff mostly.", "That's often the trade-off: interesting versus lucrative. Playing music is probably fun but not very lucrative. Monotony at work gives you money for your free time.", "Oh don't get me wrong. I am glad that I have this job. Being an accountant, one mistake can ruin someone's money. I only listen to it sparingly or as simple background noise."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I watch the Chicago Bears play.", "My father is a headmaster. He was offered a job as a headmaster at a private school in Texas.", "I am moving out of this state next month with my siblings. I am moving to Texas with my parents. ", "I have been to Texas before. I dont like the hot summers there.", "I have two younger siblings. My brother is 1 year younger. My sister is 3 years younger. I will be going to my fathers school in Texas.", "I love venison. I like to try different foods at least once.", "I am not looking forward to moving to Texas. I am not excited for hot summers in Texas. I am planning on meeting new people and having new experiences."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy hunting deer more than hunting bears. I hunt with my boss. I care about wildlife.", "I have siblings.", "I wouldnt like having my dad around me in school. My dad is hard to talk to sometimes."], "current_conv": ["I went and looked at apartments in Texas last weekend.", "Did you find any good ones?", "A couple that I'm interested in but I haven't made a concrete decision yet. What is enjoyable to you about hunting deer?", "We can talk about deer hunting later. Where are you moving to again? Which area?", "Thinking about moving to Texas since I have family there. I don't like the heat but I love the culture.", "Oh I remember. I meant which city? Texas is huge.", "San Antonio, where the Alamo is. I know, it's definitely huge. I have family spread out in Austin, San Antonio, and Dallas. ", "I've got two friends in San Antonio too. Maybe I can visit you when I'm down there!", "Definitely I would love that! I can show you around to the most delicious Mexican restaurants. There are quite a few there.", "I bet there are. I love the BBQ, Tex-Mex, and Mexican food down there.", "it's the best ever. Maybe your brothers and sisters can visit with you for a family experience. And your dad too, maybe it will help you bond better.", "Maybe, he's always working though. Might be tough to convince him."], "history_conv": [["Hello there; how was your day.", "Its going well, how about you?", "Good I have been watching chicago bears playing since morning.", "Im going bear hunting soon, thats rather strange. Lol.", "I cant go hunting my father is a headmaster and strict.", "Well I prefer deer hunting honestly, this is my bosses hunt.", "I cant go plus I want to strict high school.", "There are a lot of deer here so im helping to control the population.", "Great I will even be moving out of this state next month.", "Im concerned a great bit about wildlife, what state?", "My parent will decide because I am going with my siblings.", "Hopefully there are deer there, I hope you enjoy it there."], ["My parents finally decided which state I would move to!", "That is exciting! What state did they choose?", "They are going to move to Texas.", "Have you ever been to Texas? How do you feel about moving there?", "I have been there before. I like how everything is more spread out, but I am not looking forward to the hot summers!", "That makes sense. Are your siblings excited as well?", "Yes, they are looking forward to meeting new friends and seeing new things.", "That's awesome. You mentioned your father is a headmaster. Is he going to be a headmaster in Texas too, or is he looking for a new job?", "Yes, the reason why we are moving is because he was offered a new job as a headmaster at a private school in Texas.", "Congratulations! Will you be attending this school? What about your siblings? Are they older or younger than you?", "Both of my siblings are younger. My brother is 1 year younger and my sister is 3 years younger. I will be attending the school that my dad will be headmaster at.", "Hopefully you enjoy it! I don't think I would've liked having my dad around my school, but then again, he is hard to talk to sometimes."], ["We're having a get togther for your sendoff tommrorow. Please come!", "That's so sweet! What sort of things are planned for the sendoff?", "Food, games, music..anything you want, I can add.  What kind of food do you want?  I was thinking about grilling hamburgers, hotdogs,etc.  Like a bbq.", "Haha maybe I can bring some venison steaks over to throw on the grill! I went hunting over the weekend, so my supply is pretty big right now!", "That would be awesome. I love venison.  Maybe I can get my siblings to try it.", "Haha are they pretty picky eaters? It's something everyone should try at least once.", "Not really.  But they like to stick with foods they know.  I like to try everything at least once.  I just won't tell them it's deer, haha", "Yes! That's the beauty of the name, it really conceals the reality of what it is. I'm assuming your parents will be there? I can bring some adult beverages along, too.", "They don't really drink.  But if you want to, that's fine.  Maybe my dad might join you and loosen up a little.  I really am not looking forward to moving to Texas.", "It sounds like he could use a bit of loosening up! Why aren't you looking forward to it? It sounds like an adventure!", "I am dreading the hot summers.  I am trying to stay positive.  Meet new people, have new experiences, etc.", "That's the best mindset. Just think of it this way, you could be moving to Florida haha! Talk about hot summers!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in California.", "I have two sons. I am 30 years old.", "I work at a local healthy restaurant as a cook. I enjoy my job. I like to stay home and watch movies.", "My favorite movies are comedies. My favorite comedy movie is Office Space.", "I have a husband. Me and my Husband loved the film you reccomended to us. I have been married 15 years.", "My favorite healthy meal is veggie casserole."], "partner_persona": ["I used to live in the UK. I currently live in the United States.", "I am recently divorced.", "I'm employed in the metal working industry.", "My favorite movies are comedies.", "I have a daughter. Me and my daughter loved the film franchise.", "I have not seen the movie Office Space. I will look into watching Office Space."], "current_conv": ["I love the UK and don't understand why you would decide to move to the USA.", "Sometimes you need to just get away. I'd rather not run into my ex or see all the things that remind me of her.", "I understand. Does your daughter enjoy living in the UK as well?", "She's actually with me now. She's loving the new place. A lot more open space for her.", "That's great news! There's so much to see and do in the UK. How do you like to spend your time there?", "We've been doing lots of little bits of traveling. Taking in as many new cities as we can.", "Very cool. Have you visited any theatres yet or seen any UK-based films?", "Not yet. We are mainly trying to soak up the stuff we couldn't do otherwise. Actually planning to visit California next month. Any advice?", "Wow! There's amazing views and beaches here. And of course feel free to stop by my restaurant any time!", "The Atlantic is nothing like the Pacific, so we can't wait to visit it.", "Nothing like a relaxing beach day. Make sure you remember to bring sunscreen though! I feel like I'm always reminding my sons to wear theirs!", "Oh we definitely will. Skin cancer is not on my bucket list."], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm nancy. I reside in cali. How about you?", "Hello! I am chris I am from the uk but live in the united states currently.", "That's cool! Do you have kids? I have 2 boys..", "I have one child from my newly divorced wife. She can be quite a handful.", "Well I can understand that. I'm 30 and not divorced yet.. We'll see how it goes..", "What do you do for a living? I work in the metal working industry.", "I'm a cook for a local resturant. We have mainly healthy meals..", "That sounds fun! Better than seeing sparks fly in your face like I do.", "Well I do enjoy my jobs but I also enjoy staying home and watching movies..", "What are your favorite kind of movies?", "Funny movies are the best!", "I whole hearty agree with you."], ["I got around to watching that movie you recommended. It had me and my husband on the floor, laughing!", "Haha! I'm so glad you enjoyed it! My daughter and I love that series. We should all go to the theater and see the new one once it releases.", "When is the new one going to be released? I didn't realize there were more movies coming out!", "Yes, they're aiming to release the new movie mid July I believe. I will have to send you the trailer.", "Great, thanks for letting me know! I am looking forward to seeing the trailer. What is this one going to be about?", "The premise for this one is going to be about a young man who discovers he's a wizard when a very large man comes to the island where he lives and offers him a cake. Then, he says that the young man is secretly a wizard and that he is going to take the young man to a school which is designed to teach young wizards.", "That's super interesting. Why does he offer him a cake? This sounds a lot like Harry Potter though. Is it meant to be a parody or something?", "No this is actually a stand alone series of the same author written to be a spoof of the original series. It should be really good!"], ["I saw the trailer for the new film in the franchise and it looks amazing!", "It was really good. One of our favorites.", "I agree, what was your favorite part?", "All of it was really my favorite. Hard to pin point just one part. I bet you know how to cook some great healthy meals. What is your favorite healthy meal to cook?", "Veggie casserole! You can use vegan recipes and it's still good, too.", "That does sound good. How long have you been married for?", "15 years! I can't believe how fast it's gone by!", "They say that time goes by fast when you are having fun. What is your favorite comedy movie?", "Office Space! It's hilarious! Have you seen it?", "No I have not seen it. What is it about?", "It's about a bunch of office workers at a tech company who are about to be laid off, so they orchestrate a type of heist. The leader is stuck in a hypnotized spell after his psychologist died during a session.", "That sounds like a good movie. I will have to look into watching it and let you know how I like it"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love cycling. I also love music.", "I enjoy watching Netflix.", "I don't want to have kids.", "I have not watched \"The Crown\". I dont like \"Army of the Dead\". I watched the Salena series.", "I like Lucifer.", "I watched the first season of Stranger Things. I thought the second season of Stranger Things was weird.", "I like to ride bicycle in the morning. I have a racing bike. I enjoy company when I ride."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy watching Netflix.", "I have 8 grandchildren. I am a senior citizen. I am a grandma.", "My mother was a librarian. I miss her when I visit the library. My Mom passed away some years ago.", "I love \"The Crown\".", "I had a daughter.", "I like bad boys.", "I am trying to watch Stranger Things. I don't really like Stranger Things.", "I should try morning cardio.", "I am a slow bicycler. I want to ride bikes together. I would rather ride than walk. My joints are bothered by impact."], "current_conv": ["Getting  more exercise and using your joints more might help with your joint problems. I'll plan an easy bike route for us to start with so you can see how it goes.", "Oh good! I may be slow on the bike, but I do like it. How long do you anticipate the route to be?", "we'll start with the smallest and then we'll add more miles to it so i guess 30 minutes and more. ", "As long as we take it slow that should be ok. You know I haven't started doing any cardio yet so I don't want to do too much too soon. Just remember you're with and old lady and not in one of your races!! :)", "Haha don't worry that why I'll plan an easy route and shortest at first. Maybe you can start cardio once you're use to cycling. Are you watching anything new?", "I tried watching Stranger Things, but I just couldn't get into it. Plus it scared some of my grand kids. They said there were so many better things to see on Netflix. Believe it or not we ended up watching Peter Pan! I guess that's about as close as I will get to \"bad boys\" when the grandkids are around!! Of course I've got \"The Crown\" that I can always toon into!!", "We all love Peter Pan lol. Even i find Stanger Things weird now, i heard there is a third season but i think I'm done with it. I still haven't watched The Crown. I love \"Dark\" but it is really confusing sometimes. I really want to watch the Outlander though. Have you seen it?", "I meant to say \"tune\" not \"toon\"!!! The grandkids also have me watching...CARTOON!!! YeS! I enjoy Outlander!!! Good, adult viewing!! I actually just started it. Makes me want to travel when I see all that scenery, but I'll have to settle for bike rides!!", "I got the toon, don't worry about it. I hope they behave. oh really then i'll definitely watch after Dark. I love scenery. I wish could travel more. have you traveled to other countries?  ", "Many, many years ago I traveled. My mom the librarian always wanted us teo be well rounded and she thought we needed to travel to achieve that. I definitely agree.I did the same with my kids although it wasn't to other countries.", "That was so great of your mom. i iwhs mine was like that.", "Ya, she also tried to teach us about music. Where or who do you get your love of music from?"], "history_conv": [["Hey been on a good bike ride lately?", "Nope. But the grandchildren ride about when they are over.", "That is adorable. Personally, I love cycling. And also music!", "Bikes are fun. But now days I enjoy the netflix.", "Same here... On a computer at work and home. Too much screentime, hehe.", "Im happy my 8 grand kids help me. This tech stuff is hard to remember.", "They sound like sweet angels. Maybe I will reconsider my no children stance..not.", ". I cant get help at the libary because it makes me miss my mom.", "What do you mean cannot get help? Where is mum?", "She was a librarian and I miss her when im there.", "Sorry to hear. Did she recently pass or something?", "No years ago. Im a senior citizen. I dont talk much on chats.", "Oh fair enough. All healed then. I was going into full counsellor mode there, haha.", "Its ok im old and lose people easy."], ["Have you seen anything cool on Netflix lately?", "I really love \"The Crown.\"  Have you seen that yet?", "No, I have not. I do have it on my list to watch , but haven't gotten to it yet.", "Oh I love it, but so much is also things that came up during my life, so I'm familiar with it.  My oldest grandchild keeps telling me to watch \"Army of the Dead,\" but I'm not so sure.", "I started to watch that and I couldn't get into it. It wasn't good to me.", "I will take your word for it then. Are you watching any specific series on Netflix now?", "I just finished watching the Salena series. Have you seen that yet? Waiting for the new episodes of Lucifer to start.", "My daughter was big into Selena before she was murdered.  I thought the series did a really good job of describing her life.  I have never watched Lucifer.  What's it about?", "It is about the Lucifer living in Los Angels he can have people tell them the things he wants. He starts working with the police. One female detective and they fall in love. I like it, but the actor who plays Lucifer is hot.", "Sounds so exciting!  Don't tell my grandchildren, but I have always had a thing for \"bad boys!\"", "He is a bad boy already. The king of hell, but he is trying to be a good guy. You should give it a try. Your grandkids would probably think you are awesome for watching it. If any of them are girls I bet they would love to watch with you.", "I am going to try it out.  It's hard to be a cool grandma, but maybe this will make me a little more hip!"], ["Have you watched any new shows?", "I've tried getting into \"Stranger Things\" but it doesn't really seem like my style. Have you seen it?", "I watched the first season and liked it but the second season got weird and I quit watching.", "That's often the problem with these shows. They have a good season or two, and then something goes off the rails haha.", "Right, almost seems like the writers lose their original plot and just write anything.", "Very true. How's the cycling been lately? The weather seems to be perfect for it!", "It has been. I have been doing morning rides and it's been great.  Not too hot and not so many people out.  I like to listen to the birds chirping when I ride and watching the day start.", "They say that morning cardio is the best for fat loss, so you must be doing great with keeping svelte! Maybe I need to try it.", "You should.  We could try to do a ride together.  It don't have to be long.  Or maybe just start out with a morning walk if that would be better for you.", "As long as you don't bring your race bike along, we should be fine! I'm a bit of a slow poke.", "I won't.  We can go whatever speed your comfortable with.  I would enjoy your company.", "Deal! I'll start getting ready. I'd prefer to use my bike to exercise rather than walk, as my joints don't do so well with impact as they used to."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a pizza shop. I like football. I used to play football a lot. I don't play football anymore.", "I go to college. I work to pay for school. My major is computer science.", "I live with my grand parents. I help my grand parents.", "I have an older brother. I like to play video games and hang out with my friends.", "I like the Elder Scroll series and games like Witcher. I like classic video games. I don't like 1st person shooters.", "I am joining the intramural football league. I hope to meet some cool people. I am excited to learn from the team.", "I want to develop apps for differently abled youth. I want to give back."], "partner_persona": ["I don't have a job. I am in college. My major is linguistics. I am getting my bachelors degree.", "I volunteer for the after school program at my mom's school. I live with my mother.", "I am in an after school program run by my mom. I like to play soccer and am on a local amateur team.", "I used to play a lot of World of Warcraft and casually play Overwatch.", "I may go on to get my masters degree. I could get a job right out of college. I would like to keep studying. I might be a college professor. I am building my resume."], "current_conv": ["I had my first practice with the football league today. It went great! I think I'm really going to like it.", "Nice, that's great! How are your teammates? Was the quality of play up to your standards?", "Everyone is pretty nice so far.  ", "That's good to hear. You are going to be super busy with work, school and now football!", "I really wanted to get out for some exercise.  I have not been very good at that for a bit.  How is your soccer team going?  Funny we both play some version of \"football\"!", "Haha the soccer team is doing well! We have a match tomorrow that should be pretty tough. But I'm looking forward to it for sure. Do you know when you're first football game would be?", "Good luck and win!  No schedule for games yet.  Both of our sports knda have some strategy to them, but nothing like playing online games.  You should try Elder Scrolls.  I think you would really like it and your experience with World of Warcraft would make you a strong competitor pretty quickly.", "Yes yes I remember you mentioned that game before! I definitely need to check it out. Is it multiplayer so we can play together?", "We can definitely play together, that would be a lot of fun. I know you mentioned possible being a college professor at some point.  Have you thought about volunteering at local schools or community college to get experience added to your resume?", "Yup I already volunteer at my mom's after school program. But I am looking to do more high level volunteering at the neighboring university in our town. Have you ever thought about maybe teaching at a college?", "Maybe community college, but it would have to courses in computer science.  I'd like to get involved with robotics. There is a lot of opportunity in this field and being able to teach it can really help advance my expertise.", "Yeah I feel like you could do so much with a computer science degree. It's really cool there are so many options! I feel a little bit stuck studying linguistics. I love it but the job opportunities are smaller."], "history_conv": [["Hey, what's up?", "Not much. Just got home from playing soccer. You?", "Nice, I'm more of a football guy, I just got home from working at a pizza shop.", "Making pizza seems like fun. You like it?", "It's alright, just needed anything to help pay my way through college. What do you do?", "I'm in college. No job at the moment.", "What major? I'm doing comp sci..", "Linguistics. Hopefully I can turn it into a practical job one day.", "Sounds interesting. You do anything for fun other than soccer?", "Sometimes I volunteer at my mom's school in the after school program.", "Oh that's nice. I'm living with my grandparents right now, they're getting older so I help out.", "That's kind of you. I live with my mom.."], ["What kind of things do you do in the after school program?", "I like to play soccer in my spare time, I am a part of a local amateur team. What about you?", "That's cool. Do you ever play soccer with the kids in your mom's after school program?", "Yes, I have tried before, but they don't seem to be all that interested. What do you like to do in your spare time?", "Well, I used to play football a lot. That's cool that you've introduced soccer to the kids. What got me inspired was when my older brother and his friends would toss the football with me. You never know, maybe they will enjoy it more later. I don't play football anymore since I graduated high school, but I like to hang out with my friends or play video games sometimes. Are you a gamer?", "A little bit. I played A LOT of World of Warcraft when I was in high school and college, now I casually play Overwatch. What games do you play?", "I've always enjoyed the Elder Scrolls Series and games like Witcher. I've been enjoying playing some older classics lately, like Legend of Zelda and the Super Mario Bros. Series. I play most games, but not usually 1st person shooters unless there is more to the game than just that.", "I get that. For me the appeal to 1st person games is that you can pick them up quickly and put them down quickly. You do not have to devote an extended period of time to them."], ["I've decided to join an intramural football league.", "Good for you! Some of my best friends are on my soccer team - Bet you'll meet some cool people.", "I hope so.  I am excited to see how the team plays and learn from them.  I believe that you should never stop learning and improving.", "That's true. That's why I think I might get a masters degree when I'm done with my bachelors.", "That would be awesome.  Have you thought about getting a job in linguistics?", "I mean yeah, I could use the degree to do something right out of college, but I think I'd like to keep studying. Maybe be a college professor.", "I was thinking teaching would be good for you.  Your volunteer experience will be helpful.", "Yeah I'm glad I get to do that! I'm already building my resume! What do you want to do for work?", "i want to be able to use my computer science degree to develop apps for differently abled youth", "That's really cool! I'm impressed you want to do something good for people with your studies instead of just make lots of money lol", "It is important to me to give back, I think there is so much out there for the youth to better themselves but just lack the knowledge to get to those resources.", "Yeah, that's what my mom is trying to do with her afterschool program. Fill in the gaps, you know? They say you don't know what you don't know!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Many.", "I don't like where I live.", "I am a high school graduate.", "I enjoy living in new places.", "Astronomy is my hobby. I do not have a job. I want a job in astronomy.", "I'm planning a trip to Nevada in a few days. I'm going to camp in the desert on my trip and hopefully visit Vegas. I like to gamble. I enjoy shows in Vegas."], "partner_persona": ["I'm Thomas.", "I work in marketing.", "I enjoy traveling and learning different languages.", "Baseball is my hobby.", "I would like to work in ad design.", "I designed architecture in college. I was interested in casino architecture in college. I studied in Las Vegas and Carson City.", "I haven't been traveling lately, but I've been studying French.", "I like the film Les Quatre Cents Coups.", "Paying $300 for Vegas trip tickets to join his friend. Taking turns paying for gas. Must pay for their own meals. All riding together in a big van. Getting picked up the night before their Vegas trip, and staying with speaker 1."], "current_conv": ["Our trip starts tomorrow! I will be there later today to pick you up so we can get on the road! Do not forget your tickets are paid for, I'll send your confirmation numbers to you. Also we are splitting gas, and do not forget bring money for anything you may want to eat or buy while we are there! See you soon!", "Sounds good! Do you have a suggestion on how much money I will need to bring? Are we planning any special restaurants to visit that might be more expensive then I should expect?", "I don't have any special restaurants in mind, but I was about to ask you the same question, since you spent all that time in Nevada while in college. ", "Well, one of my favorite restaurants is in Vegas. It's called Lotus of Siam. Its not super expensive. I would say its about 25 dollars a plate. Do you like oriental foods? I think its technically considered fusion. ", "Yes, that sounds good. Is it a buffet? I've got to sample some of those famous Las Vegas buffets. lol!", "Its not a buffet. This is a sit down restaurant and the last time I was there they didn't take reservations because they are so popular. They close between Lunch and Dinner to prep for each meal. So, we will have to get there about 30 minutes before they open. It is worth every minute though. It will blow your socks off compared to the buffet line.", "We can pretend to be senior citizens trying to take advantage of early bird hours. LOL! That sounds good. I love trying new food, so I'm game! Are you going to gamble much?", "I think I will. How much money do you think I should bring for gambling?", "I've been saving up, so I'm going to bring about $1,000. I like to play blackjack and poker. ", "Alright. I'll bring $1,000 for gambling as well. I'm really excited for the trip and I'm going to go ahead and pack those tickets right now so I don't forget to bring them.", "Good man!  After all, if we lose too much money, we can always just sleep in the van. lol!", "Oh my! I guess I should also pack a sleeping bag then."], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is many.", "Hello there many. I'm thomas. Tell me about yourself.", "I am fed up in my home town and need to escape.", "Sorry to hear that. What do you do there? I am a marketing major.", "I have just finished high school and need to travel.", "You should do that!! I love to travel and learn different languages.", "I think I will never come back and always keep moving.", "Do you have any hobbies. Baseball is a favorite of mine.", "Yes astronomy, looking at the sky at night.", "Maybe you can travel to the moon one day. I hope to be an ad designer.", "What is the best thing you have designed?", "I have just designed architecture in college. Do you work?", "No not yet but still looking.", "Perhaps travel and then find a job.."], ["Hello Thomas, have you traveled to any where new lately?", "Hi Many, haven't heard from you in a while! Recently haven't been doing as much traveling but I've been trying to pick up some French and have been watching a lot of French films recently.", "That sounds like a lot of fun! Do you have any recommendations for some good French films.", "I really like the film Les Quatre Cents Coups, I am hoping to travel where it was filmed sometime this summer. What about you? Have you moved any where new since we last spoke?", "I'll have to check that one out sometime. I haven't gone anywhere new recently, but I started planning a trip to Nevada in a few days. If I like it, I could end up moving there sometime soon.", "That's awesome! I was really interested in casino architecture in college so I got to study Las Vegas and Carson City a lot. I hear it's super pretty, lots of vibrant colors.", "Yeah, I am so exited! You should go sometime. Hopefully I'll get a chance to check out the Vegas strip well I'm there. I also plan on doing some camping out in the desert and doing some star gazing.", "Oh that's going to be amazing the stars are gonna be so clear. Especially in a new place like that, you'll be able to see whole new constellations.", "Yeah, that's one of the main reasons I want to move there. I would also love to try and get a job in astronomy since there are so many good institutions in Nevada. Plus, who doesn't want to go UFO hunting.", "Ooh, I hope you do get a job at observatory down there that would be so cool! I will have to come check it out sometime.", "Absolutely! I could show you some constellations with my new telescope I just got.", "I'll have to plan a trip down there once it cools off a little."], ["I finally made plans for my Nevada trip. Want to hear about it?", "You did. Please tell me more. I want to know all the details.", "I plan on leaving this weekend. We are going to go to Vegas and also go hiking.", "That sounds like a lot of fun. How many days are you going for?", "We are thinking of staying for 3 weeks maybe. But we will be there for 2 at the most. I am hoping I can win some money while in Vegas, but also can't wait to see the shows.", "That will be amazing to be in Vegas for 2 or even 3 weeks. Sounds like so much fun. Do you already have your room and stuff booked?", "Yes, we booked it last night. Plus already have tickets to 3 different shows. We are going to go see Brittany.", "That sounds amazing. Wish I could join. Maybe next time. Who is all going with you?", "We can use another person if you want to go. Make things cheaper for all of us as then we can split it 4 ways instead of 3. We got a group package and it has tickets for at least 5 people. We were going to sell the other ones.", "Yes that would be amazing. I would love to go. Where should I meet you at?", "I can come pick you up the night before and you can stay at my house. We are getting a big van so we can all ride together. You will owe $300 for you part of the tickets. And of course you have to buy your own meals. We will take turn paying for gas.", "Okay, that sounds good. Do you want cash or cash app? Either is fine with me. I am so excited to go. It is going to be so much fun."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I will be starting college soon.I like what I am studying. I am studying Neuroscience to become a volunteer in research. My tuition is expensive.", "I have parents.", "I work in a restaurant that also sells ice-cream.", "I am looking for a new car. I am planning to have my new car financed. I commute to school regularly.", "I am pursing a career in the medical field."], "partner_persona": ["I have a grandmother who lived in Italy and attended college there.", "I have a Volkswagen Beetle.", "I'm trying to get into nursing. I work as a barista to help me pay for school.", "I have previously had a car financed.", "I would like to work as a nurse for children.", "I am taking night classes at my school and working during the days as a barista. I am taking classes related to the medical field."], "current_conv": ["I followed up on the car you recommended. ", "Nice.  Did you do more research on it other than what I had sent to you?  What color is it and did you get a lot of options?", "I did a little research. I think I want a dark gray one. I haven't gone to the dealership yet so I'm not sure what options I'll get with it. ", "Consider looking into a slightly used one, with low miles and still under warranty.  You can get a great car for thousands less than a new car.  Keep more money in your pocket.  That extra cask will come in handy with you going to college.", "Oh that's a great tip. I didn't even consider doing that. makes sense though. they lose so much value as soon as you drive them off the lot. ", "That is very true.  I bought a new car once and it was painful!  Lesson learned.  I have been reading some neuroscience articles.  It is pretty crazy what scientists are doing today.  The whole planting sensors in brains and connecting them to computers wirelessly is amazing.", "Yeah, the technology they are figuring out is crazy. never thought 20 years ago we'd be to this point. ", "Any particular area you are interested in?  Probably a lot of options for you.  You will be busy staying up with all the progress!", "I have a few I'm considering but not sure which area to pick just yet. I think I need to look at what the classes needed for each one are first and where the research is needed most before I decide. ", "That makes perfect sense.  Maybe you will invent the first brain-car interface and get your new car to take you where you want to go by just thinking about it.  That would be cool!", "that would be fun. maybe this will be real tech in 20 years. ", "I hope it is sooner.  How is your job?  You get any new ice cream flavors in?"], "history_conv": [["I cannot wait to see what the college life looks like.", "Yes my grand mum enjoyed her college like in italy.", "I bet it is fun there. I love my course of study too.", "What is it that you have decided to study?", "Neuroscience. I want to be a volunteer in research..", "That is a respectful choice. Are you going to buy a car at college.", "Well, if my parent can afford to get me one.", "You could always save and use your own money. Too old to be dependant.", "Of course yes, maybe I can raise some where I work.", "Volkswagen beetles are cute and affordable. It's what I drive.", "I can look into it, if I can afford such.", "Where is it that you work then?", "It is a restaurant. They sell ice cream too..", "What kind of flavours and what is the hourly wage?"], ["What do you like so much about your car that makes you recommend it?", "It's the perfect size, it gets great gas mileage, and...well...it's just so cute!", "Gas mileage is definitely important since I don't have much leftover money. My college tuition is really expensive, and I'm not sure I'll be able to handle keeping my job and also working towards such a time consuming degree. What do you do for work?", "That would be the perfect car for you then!  I am trying to get into nursing, but I'm spending most of my time as a barista a \"U, Me....Coffee!\"  It's not too far from the college.", "That's awesome! My friend used to be a barista at \"Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf\". He'd get us discounts all the time which was awesome. A lot of the customers were really rude though. Do you enjoy being a barista? Any rude customers that frequent the shop?", "That is a nice place too! You have some of the sweetest people that come by and a couple regulars who always give me a little extra spare change. Sadly there are some nasty ones that are unhappy about everything it seems.", "Oh good! I always wondered why customers who are never happy always seem to return. We have some cranky regulars at the restaurant, but the sweet customers (especially during senior discount promotions) usually make it worth it.", "Oh absolutely.  I guess you get that with all jobs.  When does college start by the way?"], ["I'm going to look at the car you recommended later today. What else can you tell me about it?", "It gets excellent gas mileage, it has electric locks and windows, heated seats for the winter and cooling seats for the summer. It has been said to be one of the safe cars on the market.", "That sounds really good.  I hope that my test drive goes well and I get financed within my budget.   I will need to great gas mileage going back and forth to school.", "It should go great and I am sure you will be financed. The people are really great and try to make sure they can help everyone. And if I can be financed so can you.", "Thanks for the vote of confidence.  How's your job going?", "It is going great. It is helping me get through school so that is the important part. I don't want to be a barista for the rest of my life, but it is fun for now.", "I know that's right.  What nursing programs are you interested in?", "I want to be a child nurse. I just rather work with children.", "That would be great.  Pediatric nurses are in high demand.  I am sure you'll be awesome.", "Thank you I am just glad I can take night classes so that I can still work and pay by bills.", "Yes, that is a blessing.  Since we are both going into medical we should have a study session together.", "Yes, that would be great. I'm sure we are going to have to take a bunch of the same classes. We should try and take them together."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I moved to a new city. I don't have friends or a job.", "I have 2 older brothers.", "My dad has a farm. I used to work on my dad's farm.", "I'm a band groupie and drove a thousand miles to see them. I'm tired. I get up at 5am to milk cows.", "I planned a trip to see a band. I'm going to San Diego to see the Foo Fighters. I've never been to California.", "I am confident with my job interview skills. I just started a new government job working for USPS sorting mail. I work regular hours instead of farm hours which start at 5 am.", "I will be attending a concert in San Diego."], "partner_persona": ["I am a college soccer player with no time. I don't have a job.", "I am an only child.", "My mom ran a private catholic school. My dad was a doctor at a hospital.", "I travel a lot all over the country.  I am either traveling for soccer or studying. My season is wrapping up soon.", "I love San Diego. I played in a national soccer championship there. My soccer season is wrapping up and I'll be able to focus on my studies.", "I'm studying education in college. My mom is in education, my dad is in biology."], "current_conv": ["I'm sure you won't want to spend all your free time studying. What will you do for fun now that the soccer season is ending?", "I'm studying for a chemistry exam so, you nailed it. I just don't have a lot of time to have fun now.", "Do you feel prepared for your exam?", "I don't think I'll ever be prepared for an exam on organic chemistry. It's the kind of class where everyone does really poorly on the exams and our grades get scaled up.", "oh yeah, I've heard many horror stories about that class.  I've heard that it clicks for most people eventually though.", "Yeah, I'm just in survival mode right now. I want my B and I want to move on with the rest of my life.", "I'm sure you'll be fine.  In the meantime, it's important to still make time for fun so you don't burn yourself out.", "You know, a friend asked me to go to the beach to play volleyball this afternoon. That does seem like a lot of fun.", "You should totally go!  It'll be a nice break.  You can study before or after that if you want to.", "You convinced me. Now I just need to find some SPF 100. I've been in the library so often that my skin is going to fry in the sun.", "that's a good idea.  Sun poisoning would not help you right now.  I've had it before and I was exhausted for days afterward.", "That sounds terrible. I've only ever had mild sunburns and those are bad enough. I hate the peeling afterwards, it's so gross."], "history_conv": [["Hi there I moved to a new city and am friendless and jobless, how are you?", "I'm good! I'm jobless too, but only because I'm a college soccer player. No time.", "One of my two older brothers is a soccer player! The other is in prison.", "Oh, sorry to hear that. I'm an only child. Never had to deal with siblings.", "My dad wanted to have lots of kids to help him take care of the farm.", "That's cool. My mom ran a private catholic school. My dad was a doctor.", "I'm a band groupie, just drove a thousand miles to see them. I'm tired!", "Lol, sounds fun. I travel a lot. Playing soccer, I travel all over the country.", "Yes it's really the good life I think.", "I'm either always travelling for soccer or studying in my dorm. Eh, it gets old.", "Getting up at 5am to milk the cows on dad's farm gets old too.", "Lol, I bet! Do not envy you there. Get some rest after all that travelling!", "Thanks I hope I will!", "My season is wrapping up soon. Once that's done, then it's finals and the summer!"], ["I got some rest and planned my next trip to see a band.", "Good! I know it's been hard waking up at 5 AM. Where are you headed next?", "I'm going to go to San Diego to see the Foo Fighters.  I've never been to California and I thought this was a good excuse.", "Oh my gosh, I love San Diego!! I was over there for the national soccer championship a few years back.", "Oh, that gets me even more excited to go knowing you love it.  How did you do at the soccer championship?", "We won by 5 goals. Not our best game, but we've improved a lot since then. This season is wrapping up pretty soon so I'll be able to focus on my studies a bit more. How goes your work? Are you still at your dad's farm?", "No, I'm jobless right now.  I need to start thinking about finding a job but I'm not sure what I'd be good at.  I probably should focus on a job instead of going to San Diego, but I'm impetuous like that.", "Yeah, knowing how far you traveled, I'm not surprised. Have you ever considered going into music yourself? I know a guy in one of my Gen Eds planning on being a music director.", "That's an interesting idea.  I'd never thought of that.  I'm not sure I'd actually be any good in the music business.  I have farming skills so I wondered if there were landscaping companies that could use me.", "Yeah, I wouldn't be able to tell you. Now if you were looking to be a doctor, my dad's hospital has some internships open.", "What are you studying at college?  Are you following in your dad's footsteps?", "I'm going into education, like my mum, but biology like my dad. Teaching seems like a nice thing to do and it'll give me the summers off to travel if I keep playing soccer."], ["I got a job! Want to hear about it?", "That's awesome! Yes, I'd love to hear about it. Wouldn't mind some tips on applying and interviewing as well, if you don't mind.", "Its all about selling yourself and having confidence.  Making lots of eye contact helps too.  My bigest trick to relax is to not care.  I either going to get the job or not so I dont put to much pressure on me so I stay calm.", "So what's the job? Are you happy you won't be milking cows anymore?", "Its for USPS.  I will be sorting mail. Grea thing is is a government job so I get all the holidays and sundays off.", "That's great; congratulations. Persistence is so important. This should make your San Diego trip more relaxing. Are you nervous?", "yes I have never been to a big city before but I am excited to go to the concert.", "I'm sure it'll be great. Let me know if you want any recommendations. Hopefully you won't be as tired now.", "Where is a good place to stay in san diego.  I dont want to sleep in a car.  And yea I should be less tired because of regular hours and not farm hours.  5am is too darn early.", "Well, San Diego has its mix of fancy places and more budget-friendly places. Just expect the places closer to the concert venue to be more expensive. Hopefully you won't be too far from it. Staying by the water is great, though.", "Im hoping to take a trip to the ocean while im there, I have never seen it!", "I find it so calming. One of the reasons I love San Diego. The Gaslight District is really fun, too. How long is your drive going to be?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy running. I run every morning.", "I like making protein shakes.", "I am a tax accountant.  I work at a computer all day.", "I just moved to a new apartment last week.", "I am vegan. I like to cook meatless chili.", "I work out at home. Exercise is important to me.", "I like fruit."], "partner_persona": ["I like to work out.", "I work for as a paralegal for my husband's law firm.", "I'm vegan.", "I work out at the gym. My work gives me a free gym membership. I like to exercise. I'm new to running for exercise."], "current_conv": ["My new apartment flooded and ruined my exercise equipment.", "Oh no, that's really awful. what caused the flood?!", "The neighbor above left their bathtub running! leaked down! but luckily i can go running outside!", "dang. how does someone forget their bathtub is running? I try not to even leave the room when I have the water on for mine. do you have insurance to cover the cost of the damage?", "yes! getting fixed super soon! and i know haha i always worry so i never leave. how's work by the way?", "work is going well. we got a new case that is super interesting but I'm not allowed to talk to anyone about it yet. but you should be hearing about it on the news in the next few weeks. ", "Oh that's super exciting but I totally understand! The law is the law, mum's the word lol. Hey do you want to get together for dinner one night? I have perfected my chili recipe!", "that sounds wonderful. I haven't had chili for a while. ", "Awe, that's sounds great then! Obviously, the Hubby is invited too. Do you like spicy or plain?", "Spicy for sure. I can make a side if you let me know what you like, I'll bring it!", "Oh I love fruit! How about a fruit salad if that wouldn't be too much trouble? That sounds light and nice!", "love fruit. I'll bring some. what day would you like to do this?"], "history_conv": [["Just got back from a 1 k run. Feelin'alive!", "I just got back from the gym! I love it!", "Now it's time for a high protein snake before going back to work!", "Where do you work?.", "As a tax accountant. You?", "I am a paralegal for my husband's small law firm.", "Great to be in a family firm! I just got a new apartment!", "How fun! Have you gotten settled?.", "Sort of, but with work and everything this will take a bit of time. Excited!", "Awesome! I am looking for a new vegan recipe for dinner tonight..", "Love vegan food, I am vegan too!", "How much we have in common! Do you by chance drive a jeep wrangler?"], ["I have finished moving in to my apartment. Maybe you can come over ands see it and I will make us a vegan meal.", "That would be awesome. Can't wait to see it. Seems like it has been forever since we did anything together.", "I agree. What is one of your favorite vegan dishes? I have a meatless chili that I really like to cook.", "Meatless chili sounds awesome. One of my families family is vegan tacos.", "That sounds really good, I will have to look up a recipe for that.", "That is cool. If not the chili sounds awesome.", "Do you work out at home, or do you have a membership somewhere? I workout at home, but the things I can do in my routine are limited.", "The law firm gave all his worker a gym membership to one of the gyms in town. And they make sure we get in there since we do a lot of sitting behind a desk with all of our work.", "That's great that the firm does that for you all. As an accountant, I spend all day at a computer, I wish I had a membership paid for by my company too.", "Maybe you should talk to bosses about it. It would give you guys some reason to go", "Yeah I agree. Plus I bet if everyone was using the membership, people would have fewer medical insurance claims, and this would save the company some money.", "Yeah, I'm sure it would. I can get my bosses to write up how they did it something for you to show them."], ["I've been decorating my new apartment and can't wait for you to see it.", "That's great! I am looking forward to it. Is it starting to feel like \"home\"? Do you have workout space in your new apartment?", "It is starting to feel like home. Yes, I do have a workout space. We made sure that we had enough rooms to have an office, guest room, and a workout room.", "Excellent. I work out at the gym but it would be so nice to have space at home for quick workouts or when I just don't have the motivation to get out of the house! I need a new lifting routine I think.", "I am excited to get it done. We have some more items to buy for the room. I feel like I haven't worked out in forever, but it has only been a week due to moving and getting the house in order.", "I'm sure it will be nice to have it complete. Do you have a good protein shake recipe? I haven't found anything I enjoy.", "I usually add my protein powder into a good strawberry orange banana smoothie. Or some other fruits I might add a little bit of spinach, but not much", "That sounds delicious. Good idea! I will have to try that. Vegan protein powder just doesn't do it for me.", "I usually use milk in my smoothies, but since you are vegan you can use the almond or oat milk. I usually can't take the protein powder at all and the smoothies are great for you.", "That's a good idea. Have you been running lately?", "Yes, I still get my morning run in. I couldn't miss that also I have been working so hard had to at least do that every day.", "I have been enjoying running more lately. Any tips for a newbie?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not eat meat. I believe that eating meat is wrong.", "I do not like tattoos.", "I do not mind graffiti.  I have a child. I have a son.", "I have never watched FRIENDS.  I jog. I recycle. I run in the park.", "I do not have a car.  I take the bus.", "My favorite animal is the grey wolf.  I have never seen a grey wolf in person. I have seen birds, squirrels, and rabbit in person.", "I don't have any pets.  I grew up with dogs and cats.", "My children like hamsters."], "partner_persona": ["I eat meat.  My mother has a coffee shop.", "I believe eating meat is wrong.  I have 5 tattoos.", "I like graffitti.", "I enjoy the show FRIENDS.", "I like jogging.  I do not have a car. I do not like the buses in my city.", "I have never seen a grey wolf in person.   I have seen a coyote in person.", "I have a cat.", "I grew up with hamsters, mice. and birds.  I don't like birds.  I currently have two dogs and a bird in addition to the cat. I have a labrador and a pitbull. My dogs names are Cali and Guaya. My parents came from Columbia and Ecuador.", "I jog in the morning.", "I have a partner."], "current_conv": ["I watched the first episode of 'Friends' as you suggested and it was pretty good!", "that's great, Keep watching and you wii fall in love with all those characters. Joey and Chandler are my favorite.", "Joey is definitely hilarious! You'll never guess what happened to my kid the other day - his hamster escaped the cage and we spent HOURS searching for it. We finally found it under the fridge...I had a mini heart attack!", "that is hilarious, Hamster can do that mine did runaway so many times when i was kid, I still wonder how did he got out. Did you figure out ?", "We aren't sure! I'm sure the door to the cage was locked but the door was wide open when we noticed he was gone. Sneaky little devil. Luckily we don't have a cat or dog that could potentially eat the little guy.. how are your pups doing?", "That would be awful. Cali is a but grumpy i guess she ate something bad when we ere on a walk or maybe Guaya made her angry with tricks. ", "Aw man. Hope Cali feels better soon! Haha does Guaya usually get on Cali's nerves?", "ALL THE TIME, He's a cheeky one, always with the tricks. they're worth it though i love them. on other hand their boss is my cute furry ball cat. she has her with everyone even i get manipulated by her. Are you planning on getting any more pets?", "Haha I feel like that's how cats always are! Not surprised she is the boss. I think we're good with just the hamster for now! A kid and a hamster are enough for me lol", "Haha yeah there is a lot of work when there is a cat involved. i can't live without them though. I saw this cool pictures of a grey wolf, i'll send it later i'm sure you will love it.", "Oh awesome yeah I would love to see it! Now THAT would be a pet I would be down to have LOL but I don't think that would be legal. Do you see a lot of animals on your morning jogs?", "Haha that would be a cool pet. Yeah there are all kind of pets you can on the jog even i don't know there breed sometimes. "], "history_conv": [["Do you eat meat?", "I do! My mom's coffee shop has the best bacon! Do you?", "I do not eat meat!! Animals have rights and that is just wrong!", "I agree, I just can't give it up. Kind of like my 5 tattoos I have! Addicting!", "Ooo I hate tattoos. Like devil markings..", "Im guessing you won't like graffiti either then? Another favorite of mine!", "That I do not mind. I have a kid that likes doing paid murals.", "Neat! Do you watch shows together? I love watching friends.", "Genuinely have never watched an episode of that. We mostly just jog and recycle.", "I love jogging, its how I get most places since I don't have a car.", "Well not having a car is good for the environment so good on yah!", "True! Do you have a car?", "I dont. I take the bus.", "I hate the buses in my city! So dirty!"], ["I saw some amazing graffiti under a bridge near me.  Looks freshly-painted.  I've never seen it there before!", "That's awesome. Was it a recognizable design of some sort, or more abstract art?", "It was really like a modern day Noah's Ark with animals that live in our general vicinity. Breathtaking really!", "That's a very cool concept! I hope a lot of people notice it when they are passing the bridge. What was your favorite animal in the painting?", "Although I have never seen one in person in the wild, it had to be the grey wolf.  Piercing eyes and seemed to be protecting the rest.  Hey, that bridge is right near a running course.  Maybe I can take you some time to show you.", "That would be awesome. I've never seen a wolf in the wild either, but they are definitely beautiful animals. On one of the trails I jog on sometimes, there are a lot of coyotes. I saw one scamper down the trail and roam the nearby neighborhood without a care in the world. Must be nice to be carefree.", "Are you ever scared?  I see lots of birds, squirrels, and rabbits, so I bet there aren't many coyotes in the park I do most of my jogging.", "When there is a pack of them or they are howling because they found food, then it's intimidating. But when it's just one on it's own, it doesn't really seem like it is looking for a fight. I do worry about my cat though. We try to keep her inside, but when she gets out I'm always worried a coyote might attack her, but so far we've been lucky and she has always made it back home. Do you have any pets?", "You definitely have to watch out for those coyotes.  They are as cute as they are cunning.  They love to lure animals out for the pack to get to!  I grew up in a household full of dogs and cats, but I don't have any now.  My kid keeps asking for one, so maybe I should take the plunge?", "My family has always had lots of pets. If a dog or cat seems like too much, I've had luck with the sweetest hamsters and pet mice. We've also had pet birds, but one bit me when I was really little so I've never been a huge fan of birds. Right now, we have two dogs, a cat and a bird. My mom wants to get another dog though, so who knows. What kind of pet would you consider getting for your kid's first pet?", "I need to visit you sometime!  I love a house that's filled with animals.  I am thinking of starting small with a couple hamsters.  I think it will be fun for us to watch them socialize and interact with their environment.  I sort of want a ferret, but I think they are going to be too mischievous!", "I've never had a ferret, but hamsters are the best! When I went to Petco to look at hamsters, the one I fell in love with was not taken care of by it's previous owners. It was left in a soda cup outside of the store. The owner couldn't even wait until the store opened to bring it in and make sure it got a safe home. He was the sweetest though, and even though they weren't sure how old he was when I got him, he lived for another 3 years after that. I always thought hamsters only lived for around 2 years, but all four of the hamsters I've had have always lived for 3-4 years."], ["I took your advice and got my child a hamster!", "So exciting! How is your child enjoying the responsibility of being a pet owner?", "They enjoy the playing and cuddling to the cleaning but I told them it was all or nothing so they have to deal with it.lol", "Honestly you get used to the cleaning after a while. Do you plan on getting your child a dog or cat in the future?", "Maybe in the future once I have a car. It would be hard taking them to the vet and anywhere else on the city bus. What type of dogs do you have?", "I have a laborador and a pitbull, they make life more messy but also more fun.", "I bet.  I had dogs growing up and I definitely miss it so I definitely plan to get one in the near future. What are their names?", "Cali and Guaya, after the cities my parents came from. Felt it was only right after they helped me adopt the dogs.", "That's a nice gesture.  And they're unique names which I like.  I'm sure my son will end up naming the dog.  Heaven knows what it'll be when the time comes.lol", "It would be so exciting being able to go running with the dog though. My dogs love to join me on my morning jogs and love the attention passerbys give them.", "It would definitely be nice to have a running partner.  Unlike humans they'll always be down to go.", "Yeah, my partner refuses to go running with me. What about your son? Does he run with you?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like Such an Stevens music.", "I run.", "I am an accountant. I just moved into a new apartment. I live in Mexico. I like living in Mexico. I surf at the beach close to my place.", "My new furniture has a country style.", "I like having visitors.", "I watch basketball. I have ESPN. I understand some basketball plays.", "I drink alcohol.", "I was at the beach.", "My place has extra space. I live by myself. I have an apartment. My place has great views."], "partner_persona": ["I like to play basketball.", "I enjoy time outside and playing basketball.", "My mom grew up in Canada.", "My dad is a truck driver.", "I like to hike.", "I used to live in Texas and still love the western feel.", "I think Mexico sounds like a great place.", "I have not surfed before but I do play basketball.", "I watch basketball. I'm going to watch the playoffs.", "I don't live in Mexico. I lived in Texas. I don't live in Texas anymore. I'm considering moving to Mexico."], "current_conv": ["Man I can't wait for the playoffs, who do you think will win?", "Aw man I don't know, i can't decide. you?", "I'm not sure. hard to decide when you are someone who roots for more than one team. ", "haha, that's is my problem! I root for the underdogs. the celtics have my heart man.  How's the beach been lately?", "lots of tourists starting to come but I still love it. ", "Aw man I can bet, summertime in Mexico sounds awesome. Especially by the beach. You been surfing? or too many tourists?", "I surf a little. but when it gets too crowded it does get hard to do. ", "Yeah, there's some okay spots here in texas. So I want to try learning. Haha you should be my teacher man!", "come visit me in mexico! maybe I can convince you it's time to move here.", "you know,you're right. i was considering it but it's time. I'm getting a ticket first chance!", "I have a guest room you can stay in until you find a place. I can also put in a good word at my office if you are able to do accounting type of work.", "that would be awesome! and yeah! totally!"], "history_conv": [["Heya. Do you like mudic? I'm a big fan of such an stevens.", "I don't know what that is. Basketball is my jam.", "Music. And a musician. Auto correct messed up. I listen to him while I run.", "Ah, I am usually shootin hoops. I do enjoy anything outside.", "Cool. I work as an accountant. In just moved onto an apartment..", "Sweet. I live in south, much different than canada where my mom grew up.", "Cool. I'm in mexico. We eat a lot of high protein meat.", "Yum. My dad used to drive a truck that had frequent stops in mexico.", "Cool. Long haul trucking then? I like surfing? What's fun for you?", "Yup! Other than basketball, anything outdoors..", "Cool. What other hobbies do you have?", "Hiking is fun, what about you?"], ["I just bought new furniture for my apartment.", "Awesome! What kind of furniture did you end up getting for your apartment?", "It is like a country vibe. All woods and barn feel. I love it. It looks so great I can't wait to add some more details.", "That's really cool. I love designs that have a rustic or western look. I am from Texas, so those things remind me of where I am from.", "That is great once I get more done I will send you a picture.", "What is it like to live in Mexico? I bet the scenery and the food are fantastic.", "It is great hot, but great. The scenery is really great and I love the food.", "What kind of things do you like to do for fun when you are not working?", "I love to surf. There is a great beach about a mile from my place. Crystal clear water", "I love to play basketball with friends when I am not working. I have never been surfing, but I would like to try someday.", "You should come visit and I could teach you how to", "That sounds good to me!"], ["Did you see that basketball game last night on ESPN? Wow!", "I did! I enjoyed it quite a bit! I'm looking forward to the next round of the playoffs", "Wow, that one play with the alley oop at the end.  Amazing!", "It sure was! How are things down in Mexico?", "I watched the game live at my local bar last night.  We went crazy!", "That is awesome! Is the bar near the beach?", "Yeah, it's actually in the water.  It's a floating bar in a little bay area.", "Very cool! I would like to visit it sometime. I miss Mexican food after having left Texas.", "You should come by.  I have an extra room at my place.", "I might have to take you up on that! You enjoying your new apartment?", "The views can't be beat man.  You might decide to stay!", "Haha I believe you. I might have to pack up my things and move down there as well."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is John. I am a zoo keeper at the D.C zoo.", "I do not have kids. I have a pet racoon named Tim. I have a bearded dragon named Smaug.", "I like fantasy books. I like to fly kites. I am not very interested in books.", "I do not like to read. I have two mustangs.  I like to drive.", "I have ownership in a grocery store. I have a brother.", " I like animals.", "I grew up by the ocean. I miss the ocean.", "I enjoy my job. I work with penguins. I sometimes work with polar bears. I am afraid of polar bears. My favorite thing is taking care of baby penguins. Penguins are one of my favorite animals.  I can get free tickets to the zoo.", "Fantasy is my favorite genre of books.", "My job requires me to be alert. I have worked at the zoo for a long time."], "partner_persona": ["I have 3 kids. My oldest kid is 9. I am considering taking them to the zoo.", "I love my job. I take a ferry to work. I like being on the water.", " My kids come to the library to get books.", "I am a librarian. Despite being a librarian I don't read a lot of books. Comedy is my favorite genre of books. I sometimes read on my way to work.", "I am good at giving book recommendations."], "current_conv": ["I did start reading this book called The Golden Compass. So far it's got everything I like, fantasy and animals! Have you read it before?", "I've never read it, but I have heard of it. Do you think that I'd like it?", "You'd love it! It's a great read. Intellectual with a bit of fantasy as well. I can mail you my copy so you can read it, if you'd like!", "I'm sure we have a copy in my library that I can read. Most people who come here now don't even read books.", "They don't? Oh wow! What do they do when they come to the library then? ", "They get out of the rain, they get on the internet, they cause trouble...pretty much everything but read books.", "That must be really frustrating for you, as a librarian. I'm sorry. Do you work at a school library or a public library? ", "It's a public library but it's on a small island so it's kind of like their local community center too. It's not bad or anything, it's just not a typical library.", "That's interesting! Maybe I could come check it out sometime when you're working. I won't bother you, but I love to read and would love to see what you guys have available!", "You wouldn't be bothering me at all. In fact, I'd love it. Would you be okay riding the ferry? Do you get sea sick?", "I've never been on the ferry before, but I don't get sea sick! I'm sure I'll be okay. I grew up on a lake and my father had lots of boats. I used to love riding on the boats and just being on the water overall. It was such a freeing experience. ", "Perfect. A lot of times we see dolphins during the ride to the island. There are lots of interesting birds here for you to see as well."], "history_conv": [["Hello! My name is a john and I am a zoo keeper at the d.c zoo.", "That sounds fun! I hope to bring my kids there one day. I have 3 under 9 years old.", "A handful I bet. I don't have kids just pets, racoon tim and smaug the bearded dragon.", "What an interesting name. How did you come up with that?", "I like fantasy books, but I love to fly kites by the washington monument on windy days.", "Are you a big reader? I'm a librarian. I wish I had time to fly kites.", "Not really, I do sometimes like to drive one of my two mustangs.", "What do you do for work to be able to afford two mustangs?", "I am a zoo keeper, but I have ownership in my brothers grocery store.", "Oh right. That sounds like a handful.", "Yes it is. The lions can be quite a big handful.", "My three kids can be quite the handful too, that's why I take a boat to work."], ["How do you like being a librarian?", "I love it! So many people come in looking for just the right book and it is my favorite thing to see a happy person walking out the door ready to start a literary journey!", "I have a hard time getting into books, what would you recommend as a genre for someone like me?", "Well if you enjoy fantasy I would recommend heading to your local library and finding a librarian to help you find a good one! It's a great genre! Or you could maybe get into an animal based book!", "That's a good idea, thanks! Why do you take a boat to work? Does your city have canals?", "I have to take the ferry. It may be a little time consuming but it is so much fun to be out on the water everyday~", "I bet, I grew up by the ocean and I miss it very much. Do your kids visit you at the library?", "Oh it would be such a bummer to move away from it! Yes they do. Probably about once a week to pick up some more books! Do you enjoy working at the zoo?", "Very much so, I work with penguins mostly. Sometimes I get to help with the polar bears, but they are quite frightening. I'd have to say my favorite part of the day is taking care of the baby penguins.", "The baby penguins must be so cute!! Are penguins your favorite animal?", "They are one of my favorites, and they're lots of fun to watch while they play. I can get free tickets if you'd like to bring the kids to meet them."], ["You must read a lot, being a librarian. What is your favorite genre of books?", "I dont read as much as I would like. But my favorite genre is probably comedy. What is your favorite genre?", "As I mentioned, I'm like fantasy books more so than books in general. Do you get any reading done on your boat ride to work?", "I do get some readying done sometimes. How long have you been at your job? It sounds like a really cool job.", "It definitely keeps me on my toes. It's great because I already like animals. I'll definitely hit you up for a book when I have questions about any of them.", "Yea, Just let me know and I can direct you in the right direction. How long have you been at your job?", "Long enough that I've lost track, but I hear that time flies when you're having fun. Thanks for being willing to help. If your kids ever want to visit the zoo, I'd be happy to reciprocate.", "That is a very true saying. Yes, I will have to get with you on some tickets for the zoo. I know my kids would love it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Frank. I am from California. I grew up on the beach. I like to surf in the morning.", "I am in a band. I play drums. I write music. I play in concerts. My best friend is the singer in our band.", "I love sublime.", "I was good at writing in school.", "I have been to small concerts before. Concerts where you know members of the band are the best. My band has a manager. My band plays loud music.", "I'm not a fisherman. I'm a surfer."], "partner_persona": ["I love to fish. I love the ocean.", "I work at a doctor's office. I am to busy to surf.", "I listen to sublime. I relax on the beach. I enjoy fishing.", "I was bad at math in school.", "I don't live in Denver. I enjoy live music.", "I haven't been to see a friends band. I enjoy rock music.", "I enjoy my job. The doctors office I work in is for general practice."], "current_conv": ["I decided to take you up on your offer to take me fishing.", "That's great, I would be happy to teach you everything I know. Do you enjoy eating fish? ", "I do.  Mainly salmon or tuna.  What kind of fish will we be trying to catch?  ", "We could try catching trout since it is both easy to catch and cook. Do you usually cook for yourself? ", "No.  I am a horrible cook.  I could screw up boiling water!  Looks like you may need to help me catch AND cook the fish.", "No worries! I am very passionate about cooking. I got a new recipe book for my birthday in May, so we could try it out. Is there any food you are allergic to? ", "I am allergic to strawberries.  I don't think that should be too hard to avoid.  What are your favorite things to cook?  ", "I love Italian food! I like cooking pasta, risotto, and I'm getting better at making pizza all by myself. Have you every been to Italy or tried Italian dishes? ", "My band toured Italy last fall.  We spend 6 weeks at different towns and bars.  We seem to have a bit of a following there.  The food was amazing!", "That is so cool! Being in a band must be so interesting. You get to visit so many places! What other countries did you tour?", "Sometimes it is cool and others not so much.  Italy was great.  But, we spent 2 weeks playing at clubs in Uzbekistan which is not the greatest.  We have also had to hit some smaller countries in Central and South America.  IT can be rough when you are worried about getting kidnapped or shot!", "I imagine it can be very dangerous sometimes, and probably very tiring to be on the road for long periods of time. But I assume it is worth it for the overall experience. Do you see yourself doing anything else for a living apart from this?"], "history_conv": [["Hey I'm frank. I grew up in ca on the beach. What about you?", "Hi! I love to fish and spend as much time as possible near the ocean.", "Thats awesome! My dad owns a surf shop. Morning surfing is my favorite.", "I don't have time to surf anymore since I work at a doctor's office.", "That's a good career though. I'm in a band. I play the drums and write music..", "Right now I am listening to sublime a lot when I relax on the beach.", "I love them! I would love to see them live one day.", "Do you go to a lot of concerts?", "Not other than the ones I play in.", "How many people are in your band?", "4. The singer is my best friend. I write the songs and he sings them.", "Neat. You must have been a good student at writing.", "That was the only subject I was good in!.", "I understand! I was bad at math. I preferred fishing."], ["My band booked a concert in Denver.", "That is really awesome. I should take a trip there to watch you play.", "You totally should! Have you been to many small concerts before?", "I have been to a couple. But I have never been to one that I know the members of the band.", "Those are the best kind. I'm sure I could get some tickets for you. I'll have to talk to my friend who helps manage our band. Just a warning, we get pretty loud!", "I love loud. It helps broke away from the day to day life of working in a doctor's office. I love it, but sometimes I just want to rock out.", "Yeah, that's what first made me get into music and surfing. Having a way to just get away from it all is so important. I have to imagine the doctor's office can get pretty dull sometimes.", "Yeah, it can. But I love my patients. It nice to know all of the people they are like family.", "That's cool. I'm sure it feels good to help people too. What kind of practice is it specifically?", "Just a general practice so nothing special.", "Oh okay. Have you made any plans to go fishing soon?", "Yeah, I took a couple weeks off to go awhile for a little while. I just need a break from it all."], ["What is the most memorable fish you have caught?", "One time, I caught a huge trout, and it bit my hand! It really hurt!", "How big was the trout?", "It was nearly a meter long!  Have you ever been fishing?", "Oh wow!  I went once but we caught a fish that was only 2 inches long.", "Oh that's tiny! Do you see a lot of fish when you go surfing?", "Not usually, I'm too preoccupied with trying not to die haha.", "Haha! You must be pretty good at surfing though, as you grew up on the beach?", "Oh yeah, you know me too well.  They call me \"lil fishie\".", "Haha I'm going to call you that from now on. I wish I had time to go surfing!", "The next time you want to go fishing, just go to a surf shop and get some lessons instead.", "That's an idea. I just feel like it will take me a long time to learn, unlike fishing where I already know what I'm doing! But I guess I have to start somewhere!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy the ocean.", "I live near the beach.", "I am an assistant at a doctors office.", "I enjoy fishing. I like eating tuna.", "I have a wife.", "I like tuna cooked different ways."], "partner_persona": ["I have had a hip replacement done.", "I have eight grandkids.", "I like movies about librarians. I am quiet.", "I am retired.", "I like watching Netflix.", "I enjoy fishing. I have children. My grandkids like fishing but my kids don't.", "I enjoy swimming.", "I live near the ocean. I can sail a boat.", "We fish for tuna, mahi mahi and red snapper.", "I know many ways to cook tuna. I can cook different fish different ways. I like to eat tuna. I am inviting you over on July 4."], "current_conv": ["Did you watch the new show on Netflix today?", "Yes, I have started watching The Irregulars. It is pretty good, Have you seen it?", "I haven't seen it yet. what's it about?", "It'[s about the paranormal activities in London and teenager are like detectives and Sherlock and Watson are also involved in the series. If you like sci-fi plus detective thing then you'll like it. Which one are you watching nowadays?", "that sounds like a fun show. I'll have to check it out. I've been watching good girls. it's pretty funny. have you seen it?", "I have heard about it but haven't seen it. When are you going fishing again?", "probably this weekend or next. why do you ask?", "Maybe you can get more tuna for me or cook your special tuna for me. You never told me about it tuna rolls you made with that sauce.", "I can probably do that. I can send you the recipe for the tuna rolls. or we can just make it together and I can show you.", "Yeah we can meet up again but you know how much i like those rolls. we can both make our specials ", "sounds like a good plan. I'll try to go this weekend. ", "im excited to get out of my chair again and get my rods reay."], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you like to fish?", "Hi I used to but I recently had a hip replacement. The grandkids love to fish.", "Are you feeling better? That's a complicated procedure.", "Yeah but I have eight grandkids to wait on me and to set up netflix for me.", "Oh that's nice, what are you watching.", "I like any movie about a librarian...reminds me of my mother.", "That is how I feel about the ocean, it reminds me of childhood.", "Oh yes, and the quiet serenity. As a quiet person myself I appreciate it.", "I live near the beach you would love it.", "As long as I have quiet and netflix I'm good to go.", "Cool, I work at the doctors office as an assistant.", "I miss working back in the day, but retirement suits me.", "It does sound like you do!", "Yes netflix and retirement are perfection."], ["I just caught a huge fish! A tuna! Can you believe it?", "Are you gonna make tuna salad? Haha. How big was it? Bigger than your head?", "That might be a good idea! Yes it was super big, can't wait to figure out what I am going to do with it!", "That sounds fun! A fish fry or tuna salad. Do you make your tuna salad with eggs? What condiments do you put in it?", "No I don't use eggs, usually just mayo pickle relish, salt/pepper, and a little hot sauce.", "I've never had hot sauce in mine. That sounds quite good. The grand kids call me weird, because I put mustard in mine. Do you think that's weird? How many fish did you catch today?.", "No I don't think mustard is strange, I have actually tried it before and I thought it was good. I only caught the one tuna fish today.", "It must've been pretty big sized!! Did anyone go with you to go fishing? I haven't went fishing in a while. I should make the day of it and drag the children with me. Haha. Any spots you recommend?", "Yes my wife went with me, she loves being on the water. I would recommend talking to local experts, they can give you great info on the best fishing spots.", "That sounds fun. Did the wife catch anything or was she just enjoying the water and the sun?", "She was just enjoying the sunshine. She can't stand fishing, does not have the patience haha.", "I know I get frustrated when I sit there all day and don't catch anything. After a few hours I decide to swim. Or when a turtle snaps my line. That's very irritating."], ["Have you taken your children fishing before? I imagine it would be a nice time.", "I have! I've taken my kids and my grandkids fishing. My kids aren't huge fans of it, but my grandkids love it.", "That is a nice way to bond and spend quality time.", "Indeed it is. We live near the ocean, so sometimes we'll sail a few miles off the coast and fish there.", "You must catch some really delicious and fresh tuna.", "Yeah, we do catch tuna! We also come across Mahi Mahi and Red Snapper.", "Yum! Will you make me some next time that I visit?", "Sure! How do you like your tuna? Raw on sushi? Seared? Something else?", "All of the above! Surprise me!!", "Maybe I can make some seared tuna steaks, and then serve some tuna maki rolls as an appetizer!", "My mouth is watering just thinking about it!", "So is mine! I'm looking forward to it! How does July 4th sound?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love living in a large city.", "Iced tea is my favorite drink.", "I like Rn'B (rhythm and blues) music. I listen to Green Day.", "I recently colored my hair red.", "I like any movies that have good writing and acting. I have seen Sid and Nancy. I liked the movie \"Get Out. I liked watching the 'Fifth Element. I have not seen 'The Room. I think 'Sharknado' is odd. I think 'Happy Gilmore' is a funny movie. I like Iron Maiden."], "partner_persona": ["I live in the country.  I am a hard worker.  I have a family which I support.", "I do not go to zoos often.   I enjoy cooking on the weekend out on the grill.", "I like old punk music. I like Green Day. I like the Clash.", "I have red hair.  I do not like being called a ginger.", "I am thinking of leaving my job. I live paycheck to paycheck. I do not have any savings.", "I feel old.", "I like Gary Oldman. I have seen Fifth Element. I have not seen 'Get Out' but I will. I like 'Trainspotting,' 'SLC Punk,' and 'The Room.", "I like odd movies.", "I have not seen 'Sharknado.' I think you are a good judge of quality movies. I want to watch 'Happy Gilmore."], "current_conv": ["I watched 'The Room' as you suggested and I thought it was way too creepy.", "That is ok. I am a big fan of those types of movies. What was the bit that crept you out the most?", "I think the music was just really creepy. That's what usually affects me the most in movies.", "Good point. Yes, the music production on films are getting so much better. Have you seen the movie \"Gravity\"? The movie won an award for best score. It is very good I must admit!", "I love sci-fi movies so I definitely couldn't miss Gravity. And yes I definitely loved the score in that one. What do you look for in movies?", "I look for a movie that grips me and keeps me intrigues from beginning to end. I don't really have a particular genre that I favourite but if the plot is good I am willing to give it a go. Would you recommend any?", "I love the movie L.A. Confidential. It's a detective movie with a superb ending.", "I haven't seen that yet but will definitely put it on the list. Love recommendations. What are your thoughts on silent movies?", "I know movie connosieurs will say otherwise, but I can't do it. I need dialogue and music!", "I know what you mean. I don't mind short movies that are silent but long ones I struggle to keep focused on. ", "Yeah. There was a relatively recent movie that won awards but it was a silent movie and I couldn't get myself to watch it. Who's your favorite actress by the way?"], "history_conv": [["I love big city life! What about you?", "I'm a hard worker who supports his family in the country.", "Do you visit local zoos with your family?", "No often. I enjoy cooking on the weekend out on the grill.", "Yummy! Try iced tea along with your grilled delights! It's my favourite!", "Sounds refreshing. Like music? Old punk music fan here.", "Oh cool! Music is nice for relaxing yes. I like rnb.", "That's pretty god. I'm grumpy today. Sick of folks calling me a ginger.", "Haha! Wow sorry to hear. I just coloured my hair red actually!", "Feisty color. I'm contemplating leaving my job. Should I?", "Do you have another one lined up? Emergency savings?", "Nope. I live paycheck to paycheck."], ["I've been blasting old Green Day albums all day.  You inspired me to listen to some punk music!", "Oh awesome! I do like Green Day but I tend to listen more to some of the older stuff. The Clash is a favorite of mine", "I'll have to check them out! What about movies you have any favorite punk movies maybe some cult classics I should watch?", "Trainspotting or SLC Punk for sure for punk. The Room for cult classic. What kind of movies do you usually like?", "I try not to stick to any certain genre usually. As long as the writing is good and the acting is good it's good enough for me. You ever seen that super old movie Sid and Nancy?", "I was about to say it's not that old but then I remembered 1986 was 35 years ago. Now I FEEL old.", "Haha! Yeah, crazy to think it's already 2021. Gary Oldman is an old man now!", "So crazy. Time really does fly. I love Gary Oldman BTW, he's an amazing actor. Have you seen Fifth Element? He's really great in that", "Yes!! What a great movie! Amazing cast too, definitely one of the great sci-fi films around. Crazy costume design as well."], ["I just watched that movie Get Out. I'd heard it was good, and I was not disappointed! Have you seen it?", "I've never seen it! I'll add it to my list of movies to watch. I saw Fifth Element recently, have you seen it?", "It's so good!  Yeah, the fifth element is pretty amazing!  What movie recommendations do you have?", "I've seen Trainspotting, SLC Punk and The Room - they were all really good!", "Isn't the Room considered one of the worst movies ever/", "Yes but I actually really enjoyed it! But you could say I have strange taste in movies...", "You probably like sharknado as well?", "Haha I haven't actually seen that one! I know you have a good eye for quality movies so what would you recommend?", "Probably happy gilmore if you like Adam Sandler.  Classic, comedy gold!", "I'll add that to my list as well then! How about music, do you have any recommendations?", "What about Iron Maiden?  Rock on!", "Haha yes! I need to listen to more Iron Maiden. My absolute favourite band is Green Day!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Seamus.", "I have a job. I work 10 hours. I have a family to support. I'm thinking of finding a new job.", "I have four kids.", "I vote in every election. I love grilling.", "I like punk music.", "I have red hair.", "I am nervous about hearing back on Wednesday. I hope to get this job so I can spend time with my family on the weekends going to the beach.", "I hope I can be near a wild dolphin soon since it is on my bucket list.", "I love The Clash.", "I am starting a new job in a couple months. I am using the meantime as a mini vacation."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a loner.", "I love grilling. I like to grill on hikes. I like to hike, especially along the ocean. I like hiking by the ocean but I am scared of swimming in the water.", "I do not have pets. I like dogs.", "I know how to swim. I have a fear of harmful sea animals. I like pools."], "current_conv": ["Have you been on any interesting hikes lately? ", "not recently. I've just been sticking to the normal hikes I've been doing. ", "Nothing wrong with that. It's good to have a routine. Hey, I gave my notice at work today! ", "oh that's great! did you end up finding a new job? what is it?", "It's that office job in the plant on 10th Street that I mentioned to you the other day. It's not too exciting but I'll have a lot more free time to spend with my family.", "well less time at work and more time with family is always a good thing. ", "I love spending time with my family even though it seems all they ever do is make fun of me. ", "I'm sure it's all in fun. some people love to joke around with those they love the most. ", "My kids think they are comedians. I just wish they thought they were doctors and did a little more studying and a little less making fun of me!", "how old are they? Not everyone is meant to be a doctor and that's okay.", "My oldest is 11 and my youngest is 6. Or something like that, I let my wife keep track of things like ages and birthdays.", "well I hope with all your new time off work you can work on learning more about your kids. maybe that's why they make fun of you. "], "history_conv": [["Howdy. My name is seamus. How are you?", "Hey I'm good just got back from a hike!", "Cool. I am heading to work soon. Work 10 hrs now to support my family.", "You have kids? I'm a bit of a loner.", "I see. I have 4 kids. Thinking about quitting and finding new work.", "Did you vote in the past election?", "I vote every election. We are having a bbq this weekend, I love grilling.", "Grilling is life, especially on hikes they are my favorite.", "Definitely. Any other hobbies besides hiking. Music? Punk for me. Lol.", "Not really, I just try to spread kindness and happiness.", "That's nice!! Not much annoys me except being called \"ginger\"..red head.", "My friend john is a ginger!", "Cool!! I hope he is ok with that knickname.", "He doesn't find it hes my bestfriend."], ["I applied for a new job yesterday.", "That's awesome! When will you find out if you are hired?", "It felt really good and I'm feeling pretty confident.  They told me they hoped to notify the applicants on Wednesday.  I'm a little nervous, but also really excited if this goes through.", "I'm glad it went well! What kind of job is it?", "It's an office job for the distribution plant on 10th street.  You can't miss it on the way to your main hiking spots on the west end.  Speaking of, when are you going on your next hike?", "I was planning on heading to a trail along the coast. I love being able to walk along the ocean, and one of the trails has a climb down to the beach. Do you and your family like the beach?", "We haven't really had a chance to go.  If I get this new job, I won't have to work any weekends and the beach is definitely where we plan to go. Does the beach have places you can grill too?", "Yes! And there are lots of creatures to check out in the tide pools. I bet your kids would have fun collecting shells and building sandcastles. Sometimes, you can see dolphins swimming out in the distance. Normally I wont go in the water since that freaks me out a little bit, but also because the water is super cold this time of year. That is great that you would have weekends off. I bet your family will enjoy spending more time with you!", "Fingers crossed that I can get that job!  You have me really excited for a trip to the beach.  The nice thing is it isn't too far so you don't have to do everything all at once.  I don't think I ever told you, but being near a wild dolphin is actually on my bucket list!  Maybe I will get to check that off this year?", "I hope so! It's magical seeing them. There are also land shark vehicles, like buses, that will drive out into the water. It's not quite the same as being in the ocean with them, but sometimes you can see sea lions or whales. Another fun idea for your kids someday. I'm sending positive vibes your way! You're going to get that job, I can feel it!", "Thanks so much.  It was really the most comfortable I felt in an interview and I think they felt the same way.  What was funny is the lady that interviewed me first rolled her sleeve up and I noticed she had a tattoo of The Clash.  It just felt like this was meant to be!", "Is the lady who interviewed you part of the company as well? That would be cool if they'd be your boss, or someone you get to interact with frequently. Seems like you have a common interest already. Do you have any tattoos?"], ["I heard back about my job!", "You mean you got a new one?", "Yes! They offered it to me finally! I think I was their second choice and their first choice rejected it", "Congratulations! Be sure to show them that you should have been their first choice.  So more family time at the beach now?", "My kids have been asking for a cat. I don't know if cats and water go along", "I'm pretty sure they don't, but you can always leave the cat at home.", "Do you have any pets?", "No; maybe I should get one so I don't feel so lonely. Maybe a dog I could take with me when I go hiking.", "Do you plan on taking swimming lessons to combat your fear of water?", "I know how to swim, it's just swimming in the ocean that worries me. I'd hate to be eaten by a shark or stung by a jellyfish. I can be perfectly happy in a pool. That said, so many other people do it that I should be safe. I'll have to give it some thought. So when do you start the new job?", "I start in a couple months. Apparently theyre doing some restructuring so it's nice to have a mini vacation before I start", "That's great. Sounds ideal for family time. Do they like the punk music as well?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love horses. I have horses.", "I like genealogy.", "I am an historian.", "I love to cook.", "I enjoy books that are light and funny.", "I am an older lady. I enjoy learning about genealogy.", "I have a husband.", "I live in an area where many people commute from. I only work four days a week. I have time for my hobbies.", "Having horses is expensive for me. I have seven horses. My horses cost thousands of dollars a month."], "partner_persona": ["I have a flute that I play.", "I am a librarian. I work five days a week.", "I have three children.", "I find odd facts interesting.", "I go to the library most mornings. I don't have a lot of spare time. I wish I had time for hobbies."], "current_conv": ["Great to hear from you. You know how I said I had seven horses? Well... I've just bought another, so now I'm up to eight! I'm a sucker for a big horse family, haha. ", "Oh wow. How do you afford having so many horses?", "I teach horse riding and let people learn on my horse. It helps pay for them. Have you been horse riding before?", "No I haven't. I'd love to come over for a weekend to try, or whenever you have your lessons!", "I do lessons on Fridays but my husbands manages the during the rest of the week. He loves horses too. They are pretty much family to us.", "What got you into horses in the first play? It doesn't seem like the most common hobby, after all.", "As a child I used to play with hors toys and really wanted one as a pet but we couldn't get one. I spent my whole life slowly working towards building my horse family. Do you kids like horse?", "They do, but they've only seen them in books! Haha. They're a bit too young to go horseback riding I think. Do you have kids taking lessons as well?", "Yes we do. From the age of 4 actually. One of my horses is a pony which we normally let the little kids ride on. It is the ideal white fluffy pony. Would they like that one?", "That would be absolutely lovely! They love ponies from that one TV show, so I think they'd be mesmerized when seeing a real one.", "Yes, all the kids love it. It is like the ones of the TV that is why I got it. It was like I was living my childhood dream. I also have an amazing black stallion that my husband want to take to the breeding center because it is so pretty.", "Do you think you'll have any race horses in the future?"], "history_conv": [["I love horses and participate in equestrian sports, what do you do for fun?", "It sounds lame, but I love practicing and playing my flute when I'm free!", "That sounds soothing. I like genealogy too, I found a general in my tree.", "A general? Also what do you do for a living if you don't mind me asking?", "Yes, from the civil war. I am a historian.", "Nice! I am a librarian so if you ever need a book tell me!", "That's great, as I live in libraries, or so it seems.", "Do you have a favorite book that is non-history?", "I love cookbooks, I read them like novels..", "Oh do you cook as well?", "I do. I love fruit. Do you cook?", "I do, I have 3 little monsters and they eat me out of house and home!", "That's cute, I don't have any. Only horses.", "Those have to be a handful as well! How many do you have?"], ["I hear that the libraries are opening up again.", "Yes, they are finally done remodeling it. I am so excited that I can go back to work.", "Yes, i cant wait to get back in the library and get a good read myself. Do you have any recomendations for new books, im looking for something light and funny?", "Bridget Jones's diary is very funny and i enjoyed the whole book. You might give that one a try.", "I was hoping for something new, i read that over 20 years a go! I was still at school when that came out.", "A newer light read that everyone seems to like is, The Little Old Lady Who Broke All the Rules. It came out last year and I can never keep it in stock at the library.", "Oh i like it from the title already, very fitting for me. Im hoping to do some genealogy research also when i come in. What days will you be working, we can have a natter?", "I will be there Monday thru Thursday and Saturday. Have you made any more discoveries about your family history since we talked last?", "Yes, iv been researching on the internet, and it turns out my husband Richards great, great grandfather was a 5 x serial killer, and they never caught him!", "Wow that's really interesting! I like weird things like that. What did your husband think about that?", "He said he had always wondered why his family had skirted over him in conversation. He said his aunt Dorothy always said \"he was a bit of a funny bugger\"", "Well that's one way to describe a serial killer, ha ha."], ["I went for a ride this morning with one of my horses, a new route I hadn't taken before. I didn't meet a single car down the winding back roads!", "Oh that sounds so nice and relaxing! Do you have to go quite early in the morning to avoid the cars?", "Yeah, I left around 7 am.  Otherwise, everyone is commuting in.", "That makes sense. I usually leave home to go to the library around 7.30. I wish I had more spare time to spend on my hobbies like you do!", "You just need to work less!  Four day work weeks leave me plenty of time for hobbies.", "The problem is, I need the money! My three children don't come cheap... I do envy you though! You have so many hobbies!", "I just spend all my money on my horses instead haha.", "Haha, that's a good way to spend money though. How many horses do you have now?", "I'm up to 7 now.  They're basically kids that eat thousands of dollars a month.  Blegh.  Very expensive hobby.", "7! Wow, I didn't know you had so many! I shouldn't complain about my 3 children, haha.", "Haha, get rid of one of your kids and get a horse instead.  Kidding!", "Hahaha! So tempting... just kidding of course! I think I'll stick to my flute playing for now - it's a less expensive hobby!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an artist.", "I live in New York.", "I like to drink coffee. I like black coffee. I love French press coffee. I have an Exotic brand of coffee I just tried out. I love my French Press.", "I have a dog.", "I like painting.", "I am also an artist. I like to take walks and get outside for inspiration.", "I have not hiked in a while. I enjoy camping it is not my favorite though. I like to go camping with others it is easier that way."], "partner_persona": ["I like to paint. I sketch.", "I like fast cars.", "I like painting. I am workinng on many paintings and sketches. I am an artist.", "I like black coffee. I like using my French press. I am interested in trying Exotic coffee brands.", "I am a painter looking for more inspiration.", "I am planning to go on a walk or a hike this afternoon,.", "I enjoy camping however I don't like go very often,.", "I also like camping in groups. I live outside of a city in the suburbs. I like to get creative when I am outdoors."], "current_conv": ["Have you painted any pictures of Ferraris?", "I haven't yet. but that's a good idea for my next painting.", "Yeah that would be awesome. What do you like to paint more ? I like scenery.", "I like scenery and portraits. realistic paintings.", "Iknow right, All those beautiful and you can be as imaginative you want. I like the emotions it portrays. ", "it's a great stress reliever too. gets me out of my head and into my own little world i'm creating. ", "Yes, I know what you mean. Are you still planning the hike?", "I am. I'm hoping to get some more inspiration for more paintings.", "That's great. I haven't camped for a while. I might find some people to go camping next week. What are you plans?", "I don't have any plans currently.", "YOu can join me for camping and we can bring our special coffees somehow lol. Did you know you can et portable coffer makers for camping ?", "I actually use my french press when camping too. works really well as long as you have a flat surface you can put it on over the fire!"], "history_conv": [["Greetings! How are you today?", "Im great. Doing some painting. I want to be the next piccaso.", "I am also an artist. I sketch architecture.", "Im painting a ferrari. Im into fast cars..", "I live in new york so theres no end to subject matter.", "I wouldn't mind helping you sketch some building.", "Im having a coffee, its hard to find a proper coffee in the states though.", "Im a people's person. Wouldn't mind helping you find some.", "As long as we can find a barista thats ok with dogs that would be nice!", "Great. Lets chat about cars and art over some coffee.", "That sounds nice, ill grab cujo and we can run right over!", "Lets do it. See ya in a few."], ["I have found the perfect coffee and painting spot. We should go together this weekend!", "I would love to! What is your go-to coffee order? What kind of coffee do you like to drink?", "I like to drink just black coffee. What do you like?", "I like to drink black coffee too. When I am home I like to use a French press to brew mine.", "I love to try french press coffee. How do you make it?", "You put your ground coffee in the bottom and pour hot water over it and put the lid on. After 3 or 4 minutes you push the plunger down to hold the grounds at he bottom. Then you pour a cup. It always comes out great.", "Interesting! That sounds like something I'd like to try. They have it at the coffee shop I was telling you about. When are you available?", "I can go anytime next weekend. Does that work for you?", "I can go on Sunday morning. How about that?", "That sounds great. You have a place in mind, right?", "Yes, it's the perfect painting spot. What are you working on?", "I have a whole bunch of painting and sketches to work on. I am an artist."], ["I just got this new, exotic brand of coffee to try, and wow, it is so good! You'll have to try it some time!", "I would love to! You will have to send me the info! Did you make it in your french press?", "You know it! I love that thing! How are your paintings coming along?", "Thats awesome, can't wait to try it! Paintings are good, I am looking for new inspiration. Any ideas for me?", "I'm in a bit of an artistic rut myself.  I find when that happens, I try to take a walk or explore somewhere new for inspiration, sometimes just getting out of the house helps.", "That is a good idea! Maybe I will plan a walk or hike this afternoon! Clear my head and start fresh!", "A hike sounds great!  I haven't been on one in awhile.  Do you enjoy camping?", "I do enjoy camping though it is not on the top of my list of ways to spend my free time. Do you enjoy camping?", "I do, but I feel the same way.  It's a lot of hassle getting out of the city, packing everything up, etc.  It's fun with a group of people though, you can get stuff set up faster, and have more time to relax.", "I couldn't agree more, camping is a group event! How far do you have to travel outside the city to really feel like you are in the wilderness?", "I'd say at least a half hour.  Do you live in the city or more of a country area?", "That's not so bad of a drive. I live just outside a city, it the suburbs you could say. I enjoy the peace and quiet for my art."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love my partner. My partner and I have been together since high school. I was the captain of a football team.", "I worked as a lifeguard in Hawaii. I saved someone's life.", "I practice karate. I like watching horror films.", "I have not been Scuba Diving. I have seen JAWS the movie. I love the ocean and beaches. I do not know how to scuba dive. I love Hawaii.", "I like being scared."], "partner_persona": ["I love visiting Hawaii. I have been to Hawaii three times. I go scuba diving when I'm there.", "I was in the marines. I did karate when I was in the marines.", "I have two snakes.", "I recently got divorced.", "I do not like to be scared.", "I have been scuba diving for the last five years.", "I have been to Hawaii and enjoyed it."], "current_conv": ["What type of cage system do you use to house your snakes?", "Hey, I use a clear 20-gallon terrarium. They love it -- lots of space and they can watch everything.", "That's cool that you have exotic pets like snakes. Any plans to get other types of reptiles? ", "Nah, I'm good with just the snakes. I only got them after my divorce. I wanted a pet that reminded me of my ex, haha.", "Haha. You wanted to keep reminders of your ex??", "They just remind me of how cold and slimy she could be. I guess I could've gotten a puppy or something, huh?", "Nah, puppies are too boring. Cute, but boring. I think you made the right choice.", "Eh, I'm happy enough with them, though I have to say that watching them eat kind of grosses me out, to be honest.", "What do you feed them?", "They seem to prefer live food, so mostly mice. At least it's only about once a week but it's disturbing.", "Yeah, I don't really want to imagine it. On a brighter note, have you gone scuba diving recently?", "You don't, trust me. I haven't, no, but I'm thinking about taking a trip sometime next month! I have some time off coming to me."], "history_conv": [["I am so in love with my partner for years now.", "That is interesting how long have you been together?.", "Years and years. Since high school when I was the captain of a football team.", "Have you and your partner been to hawaii? I love going there.", "Yes because I worked as a lifeguard there.", "Awesome! I have been 3 times and always go scuba diving.", "I don't scuba dive, I just work on my karate and watch horror films for fun.", "I used to do karate back when I was in the marines!.", "Thanks for your service! You are a hero to me..", "Thank you, do you like exotic pets? I have 2 snakes.", "No not exotic pets since my partner is scared of them. I respect my partner.", "That is good, my wife and I just got divorced. Always treat them with respect.", "I agree. That's why I started learning karate for a sense of discipline.", "I bet my wife didn't like snakes either, just like your partner."], ["What's the coolest thing you've seen while scuba diving?", "I saw a sunken ship. Have you ever seen anything like that or gone scuba diving?", "No, I haven't been scuba driving but I want to. I haven't seen anything cool like at all I wish I could.", "It was pretty cool, but I kept thinking about the JAWS movie. I know you like horror films. Have you seen that one?", "Yes, I have. Trust me I think about that all the time being a lifeguard. We always have the one jerk that yells shark and we have to get everyone out of the water.", "Really?! That's crazy. Have you ever seen a shark while on patrol?", "Yes, once. It was crazy we had to shut the whole bench down for the day. There was like a group of them.", "That sounds really scary to me. I've been to Hawaii 3 times and have never seen any. How did you like lifeguarding besides all of that?", "It is fun. Usually it just all sitting and watching. I got this one couple that comes to the beach like every weekend. They always bring me lunch and like 3 or 4 waters. I always tell them that I brought me something, but they like to do it cause I saved their granddaughter one summer.", "Oh really? That's so nice of them. What happened with their granddaughter?", "She gets seizures and had one while had the beach. They didn't know what to do as she had never had one while they were with her.", "That must have been really scary for them. My ex husband used to get seizures too."], ["I saw another horror film about sharks. It was way more graphic than JAWS", "Oh my, that sounds pretty terrifying. Do you only watch horror films? No other genres?", "I watch other genres but I LOVE horror films. JAWS is my favorite because of the water setting. I love the ocean and beaches and it really effected me to see a horror movie that takes place in the water!", "Really? But did it affect you in a good or bad way? I think it would make me scared to get in the water.", "It effected me because it actually scared me. Some horror movies dont scare me, they're just entertaining. JAWS scared me and I liked it! It made me scared to scuba dive!", "Why would you want to be scared to scuba dive? Haha, I guess I prefer to not be scared and ignore the risks.", "I enjoy the feeling of being scared. It is thrilling to me. How long have you been scuba diving?", "I've only been a few times but over the span of 5 years. Everytime it's just as intense and amazing. I highly recommend it! Would you try it?", "I might some day. I don't know anyone who would be willing to go with me. My wife has no interest in it. But scuba diving in Hawaii must have been exhilarating! I love Hawaii.", "Maybe you can find a friend to go with you but you could also just go with a scuba diving group. It's amazing! There are so many beautiful fish.", "Oh that's a good idea. Maybe I will try that someday. I would love to see the fish and ecosystem.", "You should definitely try it. It's like a whole different world down there. It's so colorful."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have twelve grandchildren.", "I like walking barefoot. I live near a lake.", "I like going to church. I am close to the people from my church.", "I have a German Pinscher named schnozer.", "I saw 6 of my 12 grandchildren yesterday. My dog loves kids. My grandchildren are always visiting me.", "I have 4 kids. My kids all live nearby. My kids and grandchildren attend my church."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog named Drunky.", "I like to stretch while reading. I can touch my toes to my nose.", "I'm tall and have big feet. I love going barefoot.", "I have a Subaru Legacy. I like going for drives with my dog. My dog dislikes kids.", "I was brought up religious. I went to Catholic Church growing up.", "I go to mass alone and occasionally. My family lives in different states. My family goes to church.", "I enjoy being on my own. I am an introvert. My dog is my companion. I may get another dog."], "current_conv": ["How do you like owning a Subaru Legacy? ", "I like it fine. Other than routine maintenance I've never had to take it in for anything.", "that's good to know. I was thinking about getting one but wanted to hear from people who own them about the pros and cons", "If it fits what you need, then I'd recommend it. Will it be big enough to drive your grandkids around?", "I mean, unless it can fit 13 people, then no. LOL but I don't usually have all of them with me and their parents drive them when we meet up places. ", "Then it should be fine for you. I've started looking at dogs. I'm taking Drunky with me because I want to find one that I'm sure he'll get along with.", "what breed are you looking for? or are you just going to a shelter and letting drunky pick their sibling?", "The latter more or less. I try to judge by his reactions. He's a collie, and I want to get another dog about his size.", "you'll have to send me pictures when you decide on one! I can't wait to see. ", "I will!  I'm hoping that if he has a companion he'll warm up to people a little more. Some dogs are like that.", "that would be good. I couldn't imagine having a dog who didn't like other people. I have too many grandkids around for that. ", "Well, I don't think it's that Drunky doesn't like people as much as it is he's not sure he can trust them.  "], "history_conv": [["Hey, how are you doing today?", "I'm doing fantastic! Just got mexican food for lunch..", "That's awesome. My grandkids love mexican food.", "How many grand kids do you have? Are they tall?", "I have 12 grandkids. I usually see them when I'm at church.", "Do they like dogs? My dogs name is drunky. He loves kids..", "They do! I love dogs too, mine sits with me while I read.", "I like to stretch when I read. I can even touch my toes to my nose..", "Oh, man that's crazy! I love going barefoot to the lake near me.", "I am pretty tall to I have large feet, so that helps. Love going barefoot..", "What do you like to do in your spare time.", "I like to take a drive with my dog drunky in my subaru legacy.", "Nice, I like to be at church worshipping god with family and friends.", "That sounds fantastic. Religion is something my parents taught me growing up.."], ["What kind of church did you go to growing up?", "I went to a Catholic Church growing up, do you go to church?", "Yes, I go regularly on Sundays! It is a very good community experience for me.", "Thats great! Do you have any pets? i have a dog named drunky", "Yes, I think I mentioned last time, but I never told you his name for some reason. I have a German Pinscher named schnozer! He is a very good boy.", "Oh he sounds great! Do you guys go on walks together? I like to go on walks barefoot alot with Drunky.", "Yeah, I take him on walks with my grand children all the time.", "How many grandchildren do you have?", "I think I told you last time, I have 12 grandchildren. Do you have any grand children or maybe little children of your own?"], ["I seen six of my twelve grandchildren yesterday! I had quite the houseful, schnozer was very happy.", "So your dog likes kids? I don't think Drunky is really a kid person.", "My dog loves kids! He's such a sociable dog. Which is a good thing because the grandkids are always coming round!", "That's great! That's fun that you have so many grandkids. How many kids do you have?", "I have 4 kids. The eldest has 6 kids of her own, and each of the others has 2. They all live nearby and go to the same church as me!", "Oh wow! That great! You are really lucky. I still go to mass occasionally, but I just go by myself.", "The church is like my second family! Don't the rest of your family go to church with you? Or are they not really religious?", "Oh they all go to church too, but everyone lives in different states! You are lucky to have your family close!", "Oh I see! Do you ever get lonely? At least you have Drunky to keep you company!", "No, I'm an introvert so I enjoy being on my own! Drunky is enough of a companion for me!", "Oh that's good then! Dogs are the best company.", "Couldn't agree more! I love my dog. Maybe we'll get another!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an inventor. I built a transporter machine. I want to build a time machine. I can teleport without a machine.", "I see a therapist. I had a delusion that I was capable of teleportation. In reality it occurred only in my imagination.", "I jumped on a trampoline as a child.", "I liked Rocky and Bullwinkle as a child.", "I believe Alaska has great fishing and hiking. I enjoy hiking. I am afraid of bears. I  would like to see a moose in person. I enjoy adventures.", "I get nervous when I travel alone."], "partner_persona": ["I have a secure connection to the internet.", "I enjoy action movies. I like to go running.", "I am gullible.", "I do programming for work. I have experience with coding and automation.", "I am going to Alaska for two weeks. I have been on a plane before.", "I don't enjoy fishing.  I like to hike.", "I think Moose are cool animals. I would use a tour guide when hiking on vacation. I have seen deer and turkey near where I live.", "I am taking my vacation alone. I have a friend who lives near where I am vacationing. I love to travel.  I don't mind traveling alone."], "current_conv": ["Have you made plans with your friend to get together when you get to Alaska? Does your friend enjoy action movies too? ", "we are working on plans currently. trying to get our schedules lined up. I'm not sure if they like action movies or not. ", "two weeks of the great alaska. have you decided how you spend your time outdoors.", "lots of hiking and trying not to get eaten by mosquitoes. lol", "what else is alaska known for? what can visitors expect besides hiking?", "i'm not sure honestly. I'll have to ask my friend what else there is to do. lol", "my impression of alaska are the beautiful pics I have seen. I think of alaska as mostly a cold, snowy region. wondering if they have ski slopes there?", "southern alaska has some warmer temps in the summer. of course the further north you go, the colder it gets. are there mountains in alaska?", "yes, there are mountains. not sure if you can ski them. probably more glaciers than snow?", "I'll have to do some research. ", "the most common info about alaska is cold, oil drilling, dark most of the time. I have never looked into its benefits before. A good time to take a look...smile", "I know it's a beautiful place full of mosquitoes. lol great for visiting but not sure i'd want to live there."], "history_conv": [["Hello, are you on a secure connection?", "Yes... Why? Dont freak me out. I work in it.", "Just have to be careful, im a \"jumper\" have you seen this movie?", "I have and really enjoyed it! Almost as much as I enjoy a good run.", "I dont have to run specifically, simply think clearly about a place and boom! Im there.", "Oh are you an inventor? Maybe?", "I am! I built a transporter before I learned to do it inately.", "Wow how did you learn to do something like thst?", "It was a long road, im working on going back in time now.", "Oh neat. Could you even teleport to alaska?", "Anywhere with lots of puppies. Puppies are crucial you see. Their energy powers the machine.", "Haha. You are bonkers! Do you at least not just wear boxers? Maybe pants?", "Clothes are a bit difficult to teleport unfortunately, I always try for a full closet.", "Nice to know in case anyone ever asks me about teleportation during my programming work.."], ["I had a good session with my therapist! I have to come clean with you about some things.", "I am happy you are getting some help.  Please tell me whatever you want to get off your chest.", "I'm not actually a \"jumper\" or someone with a teleport machine. Due to things I've gone through in the past, sometimes I disassociate or imagine myself somewhere else and it can feel real. My parents always said it was a superpower, but my therapist pointed out that that was maybe to make me feel better and a temporary fix. Anyway, you mentioned teleporting to Alaska? Is that were you live, or what is so special to you about Alaska?", "So you aren't able to teleport?  I was sort of hoping you could send me off to Alaska.  I meant to mention it last time, but that is where I am going in two weeks for a week long vacation!", "Maybe someday! I'll keep working on a teleport machine. For now, you'll have to get there with more traditional means. So, airplane it is? Have you ever been on a flight before.", "I have been on it a couple times.  My mother said it was powered by pixie dust and I believed her for the longest time!  I am not too scared to go this time.  Have you invented any flying things?", "Squirrels! When I was a kid bouncing on a trampoline, a squirrel jumped down from the tree it was on and landed on the trampoline. Due to my super energetic jumping, he flew for a moment! I guess that's not really an \"invention\" though. Do you ever invent things with your programming experience?", "LOL!  You had me going there for a minute.  I could just see that sucker flying in my mind.  \"Hey Bullwinkle, where's Rocky....\"  LOL  Good one!  I am really good at coding and automating systems, but I haven't really made my own thing.", "I see. I forgot about Rocky and Bullwinkle. That used to be my favorite cartoon. I even watched the live action movies. Thanks for the throwback! I think you just teleported me to my childhood bedroom. I appreciate the free ride down memory lane! I wish I could pay you back with a free plane ticket.", "It's ok!  You gave me the biggest laugh today so I think we are even!  Not to say a free plane ticket wouldn't be nice, but you might just set me on a trampoline and send me flying too!", "That I can do! I'm not sure the squirrel would recommend that method of transportation though, but as long as you sign some liability paperwork before hand, I am good to go!", "Wheeee!  I'm just being so silly now.  Who needs a therapist when we can keep each other so happy?"], ["What is on your itinerary for your Alaskan vacation?", "Oh, I haven't really looked into that much yet, I guess I should get on that!  Any suggestions?", "There is so many fun things to do if you enjoy the outdoors! I have heard the fishing and hiking is second to none in Alaska.", "I'm not big on fishing, but I bet the hiking would be beautiful!", "I am sure you could even get a hiking tour guide. May help you stay safe from bears or other dangers there. I love a good hike but am often concerned about the bigger animals around.", "I would definitely go with a tour guide!  I'm not trying to get eaten ha I think it would be cool to see a moose though.", "Good to hear, that way I know you will be safe! I would love to see a moose in person. I have heard they are larger than you would expect.", "I can imagine!  I think the biggest animal I've really seen around here in person would be deer or turkey.  Not too exciting", "Well I am excited for this adventure for you! Are you traveling alone or are you going with friends or family?", "I'm traveling alone, but I'm planning on trying to meet up with a friend who lives up there for visit if our schedules work out.", "That would great! I am impressed, I am nervous to travel alone. I prefer having someone around I know when I am on new adventures.", "I don't mind it.  And sometimes when you want to go somewhere, you just want to go, and it's hard to coordinate with others.  I'm always up for a traveling pal though"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a grocery store. I love to cook.", "My first car was a Ford.", "I'm from a small town. I grow my own food.", "I'm not a robot.", "I didn't finish college. I work on a farm sometimes. I am thinking about starting a farm.", "I think new cars lose value faster than used cars. I live in a small town with no electric charging stations. I like electric cars.", "I will be saving gas with the car I bought."], "partner_persona": ["I love snowboarding and cooking.", "I'm unemployed. I used to work for Cisco.", "I grow my own food, including meat.", "I have a master's degree and I'm working on my PhD.", "I am looking for a car. I used to have a Ford Edge. I cannot afford a hyundai genesis.", "I want to buy a used car.  I prefer imported cars. I want a Hyundai. I worry about the environment. I would like to buy an Electric Car.", "I want to study Environmental Studies.", "I enjoy farms."], "current_conv": ["Are you still trying to decide on whether you are going to buy a hybrid, an electric or a gas car? I know it's a hard decision.", "I actually was doing a little research and I think I'm going to go with an electric car.  My biggest reservations are cost and keeping a charge, but I think those inconveniences are worth helping the environment.", "There are so many factors, aren't there? Like how often you do a long journey where there's a risk of not being able to find a charging station.", "There really are.  I think I will rest easier once I just get one.  Do you think your town might install charging stations anytime soon?", "They keep talking about it but no one seems to be doing anything. It's very frustrating.", "Maybe you can bring it up at the next townhall or something?  I wonder how efficient it might be if farms also embraced electric vehicles.  I bet it would actually be really good and save on time/money.", "I know a few farmers who would agree with you, but none of them want to be the first to take the plunge. Some of them have their own private generators so I guess that would help.", "Maybe you could make friends with a farmer and use his/her generators!  LOL.  Eventually the whole town would see how much sense it makes.  ", "Yeah, I'd like to try it. I definitely plan to buy a hybrid next. I've been looking at a Toyota.", "I have read a little bit about those when I was doing my searches.  They are very reliable.  Will a hybrid give you the ability to have it closer to home without the charging stations?", "Yeah, though some people say that the mpg on a hybrid, when you're using it on gas, is not as good as a conventional car. What do you think?", "I think it's just one of those trade-offs.  I am biased because I think anything you can do to use less fossil fuels is worth some of that.  You still would use less gas overall, which is a plus!"], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hello. Are you a snowboarder? I love it, that and cooking.", "I work in a grocery store and love to cook but not snow stuff.", "I am laid off, I worked for cisco. Hopefully, I can still buy a car.", "My 1st car was a ford...get a ford...they last.", "I prefer imports over american.", "Yum! Im from a small town so we grow our food.", "Yum? Do you eat cars or something? Are you a robot?", "Haha no sorry that was when we were talking of food..import cars are high.", "Oh, okay. Yeah. We grow all of our own, even our meat.", "Its the best. I didnt finish collage so I work on the farm sometimes.", "I have a masters degree, and am working on my phd."], ["What kind of car are you thinking of getting?", "I wouldn't mind a toyota prius, I have to really start looking though.  Any suggestions ?", "If you don't have much money, I would buy a used car, an used Honda Fit would be economical and spacious.", "Oh yes!  With me working on my PhD, a used car would be ideal.  Something cheap and economical that will last a few years.  I'll have to look at the Honda Fit.  What kind of car do you have/", "I have an old Ford Edge. It is too big for me.", "I used to have one of those.  I liked it but yes, I felt like I was driving a tank haha.  Very safe reliable car though.  I was also thinking about a hyundai genesis", "Those are really good but expensive, the kind of car that a university professor would drive. Does your thesis director drive one ?", "I'm not sure what he drives to be honest.  I guess the genesis is out of my price range then.  At least until I graduate and get a job.  So how's your work at the grocery store going?", "It is good but a little boring, I am thinking about producing organic vegetables.", "Oh yes, because you said you work on a farm sometimes.  I think that's a great idea.  Definately marketable!", "Yeah, but I would need money to buy a farm and equipment. Do you have any idea on how to raise capital ?", "hmm that's a tough one.  I wouldn't even know how you'd go about starting a farm."], ["I decided to buy the Honda. Thanks for the suggestion.", "How long did you have your Ford?", "Quite some time! It feels weird having a honda and not a ford but it just made more sense! Have you  thought more about what type of car you're getting?", "I think I want to have a used car. I think that's a good way of getting the hyundai i want. how do you feel about electric cars", "I always think used is the way to go; new cars lose so much value the second they leave the lot. I am all for them! If I didn't live in a tiny town with no charging stations I would've definitely gotten an electric car. Were you thinking about getting one?", "I totally agree! I thought about getting electric because I've been thinking about the environment and the earth lately. I think I might change my major", "I really think you should do it! You can even get used ones, especially hybrids, I've seen more and more popping up for sale. Oh really, to what?", "I think I'm going to change to Environmental Studies. My professor right now has been a climate lawyer and he's really inspiring me. I hope you enjoy your car by the way! when is it coming?", "That's great! Definitely a noble endeavor ha. Would you have to change universities or would you be able to stay where you are? It should be here this week! I'm pretty excited about not spending so much on gas to get to the farm.", "Can I visit the farm too? I would love to see", "Oh definitely! As long as you're willing to lend a hand! They'll pay you of course. I'm still thinking about starting my own farm. I'd have to start very small at first though.", "OH that's great! I wasn't expecting to be paid"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have more than one dog.", "My dogs are a Jack Russel named Bounty and a weiner named Snickers.", "I have been to France and Spain. I know Spannish and French. I like fancy ham.", "I own a show dog. I practice agility and tricks with my dog. My dog does many tricks.", "I don't have kids. I am not dating.", "I take part in dog shows."], "partner_persona": ["I had a BBQ.", "I have more than one child. I have a brother.", "My work involves lots of travel. I travel domestically primarily for work.  I have an upcoming work trip to Spain.", "I travel all week. I like to do things with the kids on weekends.", "I have 5 kids. My kids are in school. My kids ages at 12, 10, 9, 6 and 5.", "I have no pets. My kids need lots of attention.", "I have a brother who is married.  My brother's wife is a teacher. My brother wants to start a family.  My brother and his wife have a dog."], "current_conv": ["Any news on the trip to Spain?  Have you determined any of the restaurants you plan to eat at?", "I have not, my family and I cannot decide what we want to eat when we are in Spain. My kids all have very different tastes, and they are very picky eaters.", "Well, Spain has a lot of good ham you can try when you get there, maybe they might like that. ", "I would hope so, otherwise they might end up eating nothing more than cheese and crackers. Thankfully, they are not so picky when it comes to activities. They always seem to have fun doing just about anything.", "So there is some hope then, haha. Anything in particular you're looking forward to doing as a family?", "We definitely want to see the many beaches of Spain, we normally don't get the chance to go to a beach back home.", "Great idea! I love the beach, and Spain has quite a few good ones. I had the best paella on a beach in Catalonia a few years back. Glorious memory.", "That sounds like a blast. Hopefully my family can remember this trip for many years to come. Do you have any upcoming trips planned for this summer?", "A friend of mine is asking me to go to Portugal but I'm not sure if I should. I don't know the language, and I always feel funny taking trips when I have to leave my dogs somewhere.", "You don't need to know the language of a country to have a good time there. I am sure Portugal is very accomodating of English speakers. Do you have a friend or a family member that normally takes care of your dogs when you are away?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you today?", "Good, just on my lunch break, what are you doign?", "I just got back from walking my dogs, eat anything good?", "Yes, left over bbq, what type of dogs?", "A jack russel and weiner dog named bounty and snickers!", "Cute, my kids want a dog, my brother's dog just had puppies.", "That is cool, do you plan to give them one of your brothers puppies?", "I believe we are, it will be fun.", "Do you guys happen to travel at all?", "No, I travel a lot for work. Do you?", "We used to for my parents work. It ended up taking me to france and spain!", "That is cool, do you learn spanish and french?", "Kinda had to, since I was in school in both areas, it was quite the learning experience.", "That sounds amazing, that is probably very helpful."], ["I'm entering Bounty into a dog show next week!", "That sounds pretty exciting! What kind of stuff does he have to do for the show?", "It is mostly agility stuff and some tricks. We have been doing a lot of practicing so I think he has a good shot at winning!", "That's really neat. Do they look at his coat and his form and stuff too? What kind of tricks does he do?", "They do judge his form. He does quite a few tricks, he will mimic what I do, he rolls, shakes and gives high fives. Right now we are working on him walking on a tight rope! Do you have any pets?", "A dog tight rope walking? Now that I need to see! I don't have any pets. I have 5 kids! If we got a pet you can guess who would be taking care of it!", "Oh man, you have your hands full! What types of things do you and your kids like to do for fun?", "I travel all week so we make sure to spend lots of quality time together on the weekends. We go to the park and grill out and have picnics.", "That sounds like fun! Are they all in school?", "Yes, they are 12, 10, 9, 6 and 5 so we just got the last one in school full time! Do you have any kids?", "No, it will probably be a long time until I have kids since I am not currently dating. My dogs might get a little jealous, too!", "That's true. That's a big reason we don't have any pets. The kids need too much attention and the dogs would be neglected!"], ["My dog just learned how to walk on his front paws!", "Oh cool! Which dog? Bounty or Snickers?", "The show dog. Maybe I'll record some of the tricks and send you the video for feedback, perhaps from your kids.", "Oh they would love that, thanks! They keep asking for a dog, but with so many of them and with traveling so much for work, we just don't have the time.", "I can imagine. The only possible upside is that the kids learn responsibility by taking care of the dog. Is your work travel domestic or international?", "Normally domestic, but they are actually sending me to Spain next month for a week. I'm very excited. Do you have any recommendations of things I should see while I am there?", "Let me look through my stuff and I'll send you some. Gotta try the fancy ham they have out there. I love how old everything is. Got your passport ready?", "Thank you, that would be great. I'll definitely try the ham, I love to eat! It just came in the mail. Speaking of traveling, do you have any dog shows coming up?", "Not for another couple of months, so hopefully they start learning a little faster. So who's going to watch the kids while you're away?", "My brother is coming in to help out with his new wife, she is a teacher and great with kids, too.", "Oh, that's awesome. Have they been together? Maybe it'll be a good test for them?", "I think so, too. They would like to start a family soon, so this should be a great way to test the waters. They also have a dog that they're going to bring, so that should be entertaining for them, too. Any tips I should give them about taking care of the dog?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jim.  I am in a music band. I am writing songs about cars. I play the drums.  I can not sing well.", "My father worked at Costco.  My father owns a surf equipment rental shop. I spend time with my father.", "I do not snowboard.", "I wake up early.", "I eat steak.", "I like cooking. I experience stress. I like to experience making new foods.", "I write songs and surf.", "I enjoy your grandmother's cooking.", "I love to surf."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Jehosaphat.  I am buying a car.", "Charlie Parker is my favorite musical artist.", "I can not sing well. I was fired from Costco.", "I am a pro snowboarder.", "I eat steak.", "I am a competent cook.", "My grandmother has passed away.", "My hobbies include snowboarding, cooking, music, and spending time with family.", "I have surfed but do not do so often. I want to learn to surf in the fall.", "My grandmother has a recipe for garlic chicken and a few other dishes."], "current_conv": ["Yes, it is still warm enough for me to surf here in the fall. Is it cold enough for you to snowboard in the fall?", "It usually doesn't get cold enough, that's why I usually surf instead. I love the peace of being out on the water, but later in the season it starts getting too cold for me!", "Do you find that surfing and snowboarding are very similar?  I don't know that I could handle the cold, but I know my way around a surfboard!  I wasn't sure how similar they were.", "From the time I've had on the water, it feels like it's the same in terms of coordination. Navigating the waves seems like its own thing, though. When I say I 'usually' surf, it's more like I usually try to surf, haha. Snow is more solid, I guess. Have you never wanted to try it?", "LOL.  I bet you are better at surfing than you give yourself credit for.  I have definitely thought about it snowboarding.  I just am worried about being in the cold.  For me it's always been warm climates and lots of waves!", "It must only be natural if your dad has a surf shop. Did he teach you when you were growing up?", "He sure did.  Some of my earliest memories are being on the waves with him. They all joke that I could surf before I could swim!  ", "That's awesome. I took a while to get into snowboarding, I was in my teens. But once I started, I couldn't stop, it's such a rush. Sound familiar?", "Oh yeah.  I have watched some X-games and I have always been impressed by the snowboarding competitions.  I bet I would like it if I can just get over my fear of the cold.  Maybe fill me with some of your grandmother's hottest dishes right before I go out?", "Haha, that's not a bad idea, but she didn't teach me many spicy recipes. I think my grandpa used to get indigestion when they first got together so she toned it down. I learned a couple on my own though.", "Well, I just know they are always so fantastic. What was it like growing up?  Did she always fix huge meals when you visited?", "Yep. She was definitely the matriarch and kept us together with family dinners. Whenever we'd go over, it would be about 12 of us, with my parents, uncles and aunts, and two of my cousins. We'd pitch in in different ways but grandma was the boss. Come to think of it, I'm not sure I ever visited her and not smelled something in the kitchen as soon as we got in. That garlic chicken especially was a staple."], "history_conv": [["Hi im jim. Im part of a music band.", "I am jehosaphat, I am going to buy my first new car today.", "Awesome. Im im writing a new song about cars.", "I think charlie parker has a few songs about cars, hes my favorite.", "Yeah. He played the drums like I do now. I wish I had a voice to sing.", "Me too, I got fired from cisco for my singing. Its quite atrocious im told.", "My pops worked at cisco. He owns a surf shop now.", "Now im a pro snowboarder, do you snowboard?", "I grew up in a beach town so im more into surfing.", "Surfing snowboarding and skateboarding are all loosely related.", "I usually wake up early morning to catch some waves.", "I like to eat huge steaks after a morning of snowboarding.", "Its only right. You burn a lot of energy.", "Id imagine a nice juicy burger after some waves would be awesome."], ["I decided to have a steak for dinner last night, thanks to you!", "That's great! I was thinking about making a steak tonight too. How was yours? Who'd you eat with?", "I ate with my father. It was very juicy and tender! What did you have to eat last night?", "I had some chicken strips with fries and mashed potatoes. It was pretty great! I cooked most of it myself. Do you like to cook?", "I enjoy cooking. It takes my mind off things and helps with stress quite a bit. I had fried potatoes with the steak. Shrimp, too. It really was a lovely meal. Thanks for the idea! What about you? Do you like cooking?", "Yes, especially when I'm cooking for those I care about. My favorite thing to cook is my grandmother's recipe for garlic chicken. What are some of your favorite dishes?", "I like cooking enchiladas, spaghetti, casseroles, and new things. I get tired of cooking the same things over, so I enjoy following a recipe every now and then. Maybe, you could give me a few of your grandmother's recipes?", "I would love to! She was a wonderful cook, and I'd really like to keep her memory alive in some ways.", "That would be amazing!! Thank you! I love making food for others. I love when people like it and give me compliments. It's one of my passions other than playing the drums. What are some of your favorite hobbies?", "I love to snowboard, of course, and I enjoy listening to music and trying to sing along, haha. I also enjoy spending time with family and cooking, of course. How about yourself?", "I like to write songs and surf. I love being on the water. It's very freeing. I have yet to see a shark, but I know a few people who have. I wake up early just so I can go out onto the water.", "Wow, that takes some self-discipline. I have tried surfing before, but never enough to get very good at it. I've heard that some snowboarding skills can transfer over. How would you recommend getting started?"], ["Would you share any of your grandmother's recipes with me?", "Sure I would be happy to, which recipes would you like?", "Ever since you mentioned the garlic chicken I've been thinking about it.  I would love to have that recipe.", "Great I'll send that one over as well as a few others.  How is the surfing?", "Loving it. I've already been out today and the waves were great. You really should come visit sometime and I could give you some lessons, I think you'd really enjoy it.", "That sounds like a great idea, does your father rent equipment out of his shop", "Yes actually he does and we recently got some new surfboards in that I am in the process of trying out.  Do you have any vacations planned for this summer? Maybe you could come hang out for a weekend or something.", "I might have to wait for the fall, airfare has really gone up lately.  Is it still warm there in October?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't eat meat.", "I like being outdoors. I like hiking.", "I'm a redhead, but I feel blonde.", "My parrot, Tasha, is a cockatoo. My parrot speaks frequently. I have no other pets.", "I only speak English. My parrot can speak English."], "partner_persona": ["I have a pet parrot named Tasha. I like taking my parrot on hikes. My parrot is a Macaw. I bring my parrot places.", "I like to eat scrambled eggs with Sprite. I have a dog named Spike.", "My pets mostly get along well."], "current_conv": ["My parrot and I worked on saying the word \"yes\" this week.", "Do you find that your parrot is easy to train to speak?", "Yes, as long as I give her plenty of treats, how about yours? Funny how we have the same names for them but mine is a cockatoo. ", "I know.  Right?  I always liked the name \"Tasha\"...lol  I actually haven't had her very long so haven't tried to train her to speak yet.  Any tips?", "Well I am sure if you talk to her regularly on your hikes she will start to pick up on some things naturally. The rest just comes with time! ", "That's good to know!  How long have you had your parrot?", "I have had her almost as long as I can remember. She was a childhood pet and her species lives for quite some time. How has Spike been doing?", "That's a long time!  Spike is great!  We went on a hike just this morning.  I'm trying to be healthier, and I'm also giving up meat.  Its been hard, though.  ", "Yeah haha, a lot of great memories. That is awesome, very admirable. I love hiking too you know, we should definitely go together sometime!", "That would be great!  It would be more fun having someone to talk to along the way.", "Of course! Then you could let me in on all your new tasty vegan recipes. I hardly know my way around the kitchen as it is.", "Lol!  I'm still learning myself, but that has been the fun of it.  Some of the recipes I've tried have been quite good.  Others, not so much."], "history_conv": [["Hi.", "Hey there, how's it going?", "Great. Do you have any pets?", "Yes! I have a parrot. His name is tasha. What about you?", "Yes! Only one parrot named tasha..", "Cute name! What's your favorite thing to eat?", "I'm a lacto-ovo vegetarian so no meat! Favorite drink?", "I am as well, I like scrambled eggs with sprite.", "What do you like to do for fun.", "I take my parrot on hikes through the woods. What about you?", "I'm really outdoorsy as well. Enjoy hikes with my 0 dogs.", "Lol I love it. Is your hair red, too?", "Yeah you know it. But I'm a blonde at heart.", "It's like we're twins. Take care!"], ["Do you think it's weird that we both have parrots with the same names?", "That's so weird! Haha! What kind of parrot is Tasha?", "Tasha is a cockatoo. She's so cute. What is yours?", "My Tasha is a Macaw, she's bright blue and loves to eat all kinds of berries. She's so funny always stuffing her face even though I tell her if she keeps eating all those berries she's gonna turn into one herself. LOL", "That's so funny. Does she talk to you? Mine is such a chatterbox.", "Not so much talking as much as whining when she want's food. It's so funny because I also have a dog named Spike and he whines for food a lot and I think Tasha picked it up from him. Now whenever she wants food she just whines like a dog it's so crazy!", "Wow, I'd love to hear that. I'll bet is funny. How does your dog get along with Tasha?", "Well, I got Tasha from a rescue and she's clipped so she likes to stay high off the ground and sometimes Spike yips at her but for the most part they get along just fine. What about you do you have any other pets?", "No, I don't have any other pets. Just Tasha. I like to go hiking a lot and I don't have time for any more pets. How do you manage?", "For the most part, I just take Tasha with me wherever I go and Spike usually stays home to guard the house unless its his turn for a walk or something.", "Oh, that's right! How do you take a parrot on a hike? I know she's clipped, but how do you keep her with you?", "She just sits on my shoulder like I'm some kind of pirate!! HAHA!"], ["My parrot said the funniest thing today!", "Let's hear it! My Tasha isn't much of a talker.", "He said it in \"parrot\" and I only speak english, but he seemed very amused by what he said and I think that's just great", "Oh! Hahaha I thought you meant it was saying words like some parrots do! Haha my macaw \"talks\" all the time if that's what you mean!", "Oh I wish I could understand him...I bet he really is hilarious, but so far he only knows how to say \"no\" in english. The day he learns how to say \"yes\" to things is the day his life improves", "That's so funny. Do you ask him questions?", "I do and they are obviously geared towards a \"yes\" answer. Do you want the fancy food I bought you? \"No\" he replies...he chooses the budget food instead of a fancy dinner. The day he says yes he's going to be a very happy parrot", "Aw poor guy! He needs to learn yes soon! Have you thought about getting any other pets?", "I thought about it, but once again I asked my parrot and he said \"no\" so what can you do?", "Hahaha that's funny. I love having a dog and Spike and Tasha are buddies! It's really cute!", "Yeah...i'd love a dog. Lousy parrot just won't allow it.", "Well that's a shame. You might thinking about phrasing the question in a different way."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I can't travel this summer because I am busy.", "This is summer I am taking classes and teaching jiu-jitsu.", "I am a college student.I'm majoring in business. I want to open a jiu-jitsu studio. I've been doing martial arts since third grade.", "I've never been hiking.", "I'm taking German.", "I like unpacking. I hate packing and moving. I think moving is expensive. I buy friends food rather than pay for moving.", "I will help you move. I like to save money.", "I like long scenic walks when i'm stressed.", "I plan times for things. I stay productive and have time for leisure."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy walking on the beach.", "I do not have vacation plans. I like hiking in the mountains.", "I do not play sports. I am in highschool. I enjoy hikes and long walks.", "I want to go to a college with a good translation program. I would like to use my language skills later in life. I have spoken both english and spanish my whole life. I speak spanish at home and english at school. I'm taking Spanish.", "I'm moving and hopefully going to college. I hired someone to pack and unpack for me. I don't own a truck. I think moving is expensive.", "I don't like to ask for favors. I feel lazy by not packing my own things. I will spend money on myself rather than on movers.", "I am overwhelmed by things I want to do.", "I am going to be a lazy student. I will likely major in communications."], "current_conv": ["What city or town are you attending college in? ", "I'll be in San Diego, actually. Kinda nervous about being so far from home but I'm just gonna take the plunge.", "I am so excited for you!  I know you will love San Diego.  I actually did a JJ seminar in San Diego.  Some of the most appreciative people there.  When do you head down there?", "Thanks! I'll be heading there in mid-August. I think I'll get the hang of it... eventually.. We have a family friend who will help me settle in, but I feel like it's so much to think about. Did you do your seminar there recently?", "It was about six months ago over a couple days when school was on a break. I don't like to do any long seminars, just enough to fit in my duffle bag!  ", "Haha, that's the right idea. If I could move down there with just my duffle bag I'd be set! No hauling anything. I'm almost getting stressed just thinking about it. I just want to be able to get it over with and chill out.", "Just take a deep breath!  I get the same way before a competition.  You will get through it and when you get to San Diego it will be like water under the bridge.  You never give yourself enough credit!  You are going to do great!", "Wow, thanks! I hope so. Somehow I never expect you martial arts types to be so nice, haha. I always think you're big and tough. Or is it because you're a teacher?", "Thank you for the kind words!  I think being a true martial artist requires discipline and a real sense of accountability. I find that most grapplers are very respectful.  Sure it can be silly to have your arm almost broken off and then the same person offers to help you move or something!  "], "history_conv": [["Hey! How are you doing are you excited yet for summer?", "Yes I absolutely enjoy walking while on a beach.", "Do you have vacation plans?", "Not currently. I like hiking in the mountains so want to travel to a range soon.", "Neat I am so busy this summer so I can't travel.", "That is very unfortunate. What is it that is keeping you so busy?", "Classes and teaching jiu-jitsu. Do you play sports?", "I hike and go for extended walks. I'm in highschool but not good enough for any teams.", "Do you know what college you are interested in? I am college student and share info.", "Something with a good translation program. I am bilingual spanish english and want to use that.", "Have you been fluent bilingual your whole life?", "Yes spanish at home and english at school.", "Neat,any other fun facts?", "Well I am moving soon.. So if you have a truck..."], ["How are your moving plans going?", "So far they have been a little slow. It will all come together quickly though. I am also hoping to be in college soon. What do you study in college?", "Moves are always a little bit stressful, but you get them done and focus on acclimating to your new digs and surroundings. I'm majoring in business and aspiring to get my MBA. With that degree, I could open my own jiu-jitsu studio, start a business in a different arena, or get a good corporate job.", "That is a good goal! How did you get interested in jiu-jitsu?", "I took up martial arts in 3rd grade, starting with Tae Kwon Do, which I eventually got a black belt in. I wanted to learn a new discipline in high school, so I took up jiu-jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu is more like grappling and getting your opponent to submit, while Tae Kwon Do focuses more on striking your opponent.", "I have not participated in these sports, but they sound challenging. I typically like to hike or take walks. Do you like to hike?", "No, I've never been hiking, believe it or not. Once you get out of high school for the summer, I'm sure you'll be doing a lot of hiking. Are you prepared for your final exams?", "I think I am ready for my finals. One of them is a fourth year spanish final, so since that is one of my languages I know I will do well. Do you speak more than one language?", "Well, good luck to you. Just think. Once you ace the exams and get out for the summer, you can relax on the beach, go for a hike, or even plan a vacation. I'm taking German in college because it's required. It's difficult!", "German sounds difficult. I am not sure I would be able to understand it well. I hope you can try hiking soon even though you are busy with teaching your class.", "I've heard that Spanish is much easier to learn. I should have gone with that! I might hike. Though I'm busy all summer, I plan to get outside as much as possible.", "Yes I am going to also try and spend a good amount of time outdoors."], ["How is packing up for the move going?", "It's not really going at all! I looked into hiring someone to do the packing and unpacking for me.", "That makes a lot of sense. I just wish it wasn't so expensive. I find that the packing/moving stinks but unpacking is fun! Are you nervous?", "I really am, but it's nervousness mixed with excitement. Moving is expensive, but I don't have access to a truck.", "Do you have any friends that can help you? I find that buying them pizza/food is much cheaper than renting a truck or paying for movers.", "I hate asking for favors like that. But, talking to you makes me think I'm just being lazy by not doing my own packing.", "I can certainly help! :) That's not my intention! Just thinking about finances....", "I know! Perhaps I'll buy myself a little treat if I do my own packing. A little motivation can't hurt.", "That's a great idea! I hope you get in a couple long senic walks during this whole move. It's important to spend a little time on you, especially during changes/stressful times.", "There are so many things like that that I want to do. I'm worried that I won't have time for all of them when I'm in college.", "You will find time. I do a timeboxing planning things, where for the upcoming day, I think about what I need to do and how long it will take me and then block out time for other things. That way I am productive and have time for leisure things.", "I have a feeling I'm going to just be more of the slacker type of college student, I'll probably just be a communications major."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have been on a tour. I have been near New Orleans.", "I am from New Orleans. My mom is from Canada.", "I have no kids. I am engaged to be married. I plan to be a homesteader.", "My fiance is a veterinarian.", "I am going on a gator hunt next weekend. I will be on vacation next weekend. I will be riding on a fan boat to gator hunt. I am engaged and my fiance is going with me.", "I would like to decorate my wedding with my kill."], "partner_persona": ["I have an air boat.", "I have been in trouble. I am not allowed to go to Canada.", "I like to hunt. I hunt gators.", "I have a daughter and am going to have another. I am a foster parent.", "My grandfather is from Kansas. My sister has several pets."], "current_conv": ["My fiance said she is very excited about the hunt and showed me pictures from the hunting area.", "Hey - how's it going? DO they have air boats down there on the bayou? lol", "They do, indeed. Can you tell me why you're not allowed to go to Canada?", "Oh- nothing too major. I just crossed the border when I was living in the tip of Maine and I had some drinks over in New Brunswick and when I was driving back home into Maine I did not stop at the border. I was afraid they'd check me for drinking- anyway- not a good thing . So maybe we can get together and hunt some gators. Is the first time for you nex tweek? Do you actually kill them?", "Sounds like you had a good time! This will be my first time and I'm hoping to get to kill one! How many have you killed?", "I've killed 4 but at least 10 escaped me. I also love to hunt Moose but when I was living in Maine there was a lottery every year to get a moose license. I never got picked but I have hunted deer a lot. How does your fiance feel about you hunting- being a veterinarian and all??", "He encourages killing anything we can and will eat. I love deer meat!", "I'm surprised a vet would encourage hunting. IDK- I would assume the opposite. Yeah venison stew is my favorite. Is a fan boat similar to an air boat? Is it the first time your fiance has gone with you on a hunt?", "It is essentially the same thing. And yes, he has never gone before. Should be an interesting experience for us both.", "So your mom is from Canada- where abouts? Do you get to see her or is she now living in the states? I wish I could go there someday but looks unlikely. I used to love to shop over there. ", "She's from Quebec originally, but she now lives close to me.", "Oh a Frenchie. You must be bilingual then? I tried to learn French but even after taking it in all through school and into college, I still am awful. It is nice to have your mom so close now. "], "history_conv": [["Hi. How was your day?", "Great! Took the air boat out to catch some gators this morning.", "That sounds like fun. I've seen gators, but never caught one.", "You gotta try it some day! It's thrilling.", "I believe that. I do love trying new things outside.", "Ever been on an air boat before?", "Once on a swamp tour outside new orleans.", "Is that where you are from?", "Yeah, but my mom is from canada.", "I can't go to canada, got in trouble wth the law too many times.", "That's too bad. What did you do?", "I went hunting on private property."], ["I watched a gator hunting video this week and wanted to ask you some questions.", "Honestly, other than getting eaten, I think the best feeling is when you experience a hunt first hand. Gator hunting videos are great resources, but it's best to be one with the wild, and not overly research.", "That is probably a good philosophy to have.  I guess the thing that stood out was how they would jump on the gator and keep its jaws shut.  I heard about it, but I keep thinking they would surely be able to open their mouths.", "I assure you, it's safe. However, I will say, most creatures find ways to open their mouths just when you don't want them to... (Thinking of my kid who always finds ways to say the most embarrassing things at the most inconvenient time.) Do you have any kids?", "No kids for me, but I do hope to have a big family some day.  My fiance and I are planning to get married next Summer.  She is finishing up school.  We are hoping to be homesteaders which is a lot different than my life in NO!", "Congratulations! What is she studying in school. I come from a big family and also hope to have a large family of our own. We have a daughter, with another daughter on the way. We also are foster parents, and had a sibling set of 6 living with us last year. Lots of craziness in our household.", "Thank you and WOW!  She is going to be a veterinarian.  The plan is to have our own livestock and maybe she can get a side gig helping those in the same region.  She actually grew up on a farm and knows so much already.", "That's awesome. My grandfather grew up on a farm in Kansas. He always speaks fondly of it. One of my sisters wants to be a veterinarian, but she is only going into 7th grade so who knows if she will change her mind by then.", "It's possible, but I think your sister can definitely do it.  I once asked my wife when she knew she wanted to be a vet and she said about 3rd grade she just knew.  She had just helped birth a calf.  Has your sister worked at a farm?  They are always looking for volunteers during the summer.", "No, but she watches a lot of vet shows and documentaries. She also has two dogs, a cat and a bird that she helps take care of, and does extra science and biology assignments to help her learn. She might volunteer with horses soon, but no work experience on a farm, unfortunately.", "That's a great start though!  You can always mention that Mc", "Yes, and maybe there will be good programs at her high school to help her get a head start with that career path and make sure it's what she wants to do."], ["I signed up to join a gator hunt next weekend.", "Wow! I am excited for you to try it out. Will you be on vacation when you go?", "Yeah...blasting a gator is a vacation experience and I guess the flip of that is hunting a human trying to hunt me is a gator vacation so it's win win for both sides...may the best creature win I guess", "Haha true! Good luck! Do you know what to expect?", "Well I know they will take me out in a fan boat to where gators are known to roam...then I think they just spot it and hand you the gun. If they hand me a knife instead I think the gators going to win the fight", "Oh wow. I think you will love the experience. Is it a group of friends going with you?", "Me and my fiance...this is an experience you want to share with the one you will be with forever.", "Congratulations on the upcoming marriage! Do you have it all planned out?", "Well the gator hunt has us pretty occupied at the moment, but if all goes well i'll have that gator's head as the centerpiece for our wedding table...here's hoping!", "That would be amazing! Haha. Your veterinarian fiancee must be thrilled to be out in the wildlife for the gator hunt.", "You'd think so, but it's one of those \"don't tell my patients i'm going out to kill a living animal\" scenario. I think my fiance will change their mind when we down that sucker", "Oh yeah that's interesting. I didn't think of it like that! Sounds like a conundrum for her."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I think wildlife is an important issue. I support donating to charities.", "I like to hunt. I hunt deer. I enjoy venison. I do not feel bad about hunting. I believe it can be humane to hunt. I know how to prepare venison.", "I am literate.", "I have an aesthetic appreciation for owls. I appreciate conservation efforts, so I hunt only overpopulated animals like boars.", "I do not paint. I enjoy looking at nature paintings."], "partner_persona": ["I think homelessness is an important issue.", "I go to school. I like to walk through parks.", "I like to draw landscapes. I sell my drawings for charity.", "I donate money to soup kitchens and shelters. I've raised $650 for charity with my drawings.", "I love nature and care about conservation. I paint natural scenes. I love to paint. I like painting trees in the forest.", "I live in Texas.", "I have never eaten venison. I would like to try venison."], "current_conv": ["I have hunted  recently and would like to share some venison with you. ", "That is very kind of you to offer.", "Great, maybe we'll have a barbecue at some point over the next week if the weather is nice. How is your drawing and painting going at the moment?", "My artwork is going well, thanks for asking. I have sold a couple more drawings and will again donate the $ to charity.", "That's great, I'm glad you are still enjoying it. And it's so kind that you give the money to charity. What charity are you supporting at the moment?", "I'm currently donating money to the local Salvation Army because they feed the homeless and help where needed.", "I think homeless charities are so important. Where I live there are a lot of homeless people and there hasn't been much support for them which is such a shame. Do you enjoy going to art galleries, or do you prefer actually doing the artwork?", "I enjoy both. I find a great deal of inspiration from other art. But if I had to pick just one, I'd definitely choose doing my artwork any day of the week.", "Yea that makes sense. I like art galleries too, and whenever I visit them I think about taking up an art but I'm just not very artistic! I wouldn't mind trying out sculpture with clay, I think that would be quite fun! Have you ever used clay before?", "I have actually and rather enjoy that as well as drawing and painting.", "Maybe I'll look into it as something else to do, I need more hobbies!", "I don't believe you have to be an expert at anything, as long as you enjoy doing it, whatever it is. Yes, I'm currently donating profits to charity, but I continue my artwork because I really enjoy it - it's at times therapeutical also."], "history_conv": [["Hey, I think wildlife is an issue..", "I think homelessness is an issue.", "Both are valid concerns. Why do you feel that way?", "Well, as I walk through parks on my way to school, hurting people everywhere.", "I understand. How can we solve that?", "I like to draw landscapes and sell them for charity.", "What does that have to do with homelessness?", "The money that I receive goes to soup kitchens and shelters.", "Oh that is great. How much money have you raised?", "In the past year, I've raised $650.", "That is great. I like to hunt..", "What do you like to hunt for?"], ["I read about a project to help save wild turkeys in a hunting magazine. They estimate there are more wild turkeys now than there were in the 1600's!", "That's really interesting, but if there are more than there were several hundred years ago, do they really need to be saved?", "Maybe not turkeys specifically, but I think it can help to show people that these types of projects can make a big difference.", "Gotcha I see. I love going on walks in parks and other places outside. I love nature, and I agree that these projects are important.", "Do you ever do any paintings of wild animals while you are out there. Or are your paintings more focused on landscapes.", "I do a little of both. I don't paint while I am outside, but I take inspiration from things I see in nature and try to re-create them. I have done some drawings if birds sitting in trees and things like that.", "That sounds really cool! I would love to see one someday. Have you ever thought about doing some paintings of specific endangered birds to raise money for their conservation?", "I have not, but that is a great idea! What kinds of animals would you recommend I draw that are endangered?", "There's an owl called a Blakiston\u2019s fish owl which is a gorgeous and massive owl from Asia. I think you would enjoy painting it. It looks super menacing!", "Yeah, I just looked it up, it's a really cool looking bird. I will definitely have to do something like that in the future. What do you normally like to hunt for?", "Since conservation is so important to me, I'm always careful about what I hunt for. I really enjoy hunting boar since some places have an overpopulation issue. Farmers will actually pay you to hunt them on their property.", "Yes I have heard a lot about that. Here in Texas wild boars are a big issue, and a lot of people go hunting for them. I have heard that it is a lot of fun."], ["What is your favorite ecosystem to paint?", "I just love painting happy little trees in the forest! Do you paint?", "You must be influenced by Bob Ross! No, I don't paint. I like nature paintings though. I like to look at them.", "I'll have to show you some of my paintings some time. Are you currently hunting any animals?", "Deer right now because there are way too many of them in this area. Fortunately, I really enjoy venison!", "There really are alot huh? So you ever feel bad while hunting?", "No because I have seen starving deer. Starving to death is so horrible. It is more humane to thin the herd before it reaches that point.", "That is a good way to look at it. I really appreciate your efforts on that front. You must get a lot of meat!", "Yes I do! Do you like venison? I'd love to share some meat with you!", "I actually have never tried venison before. What is it like?", "It's very rich and earthy. You have to be careful how you prepare it though or it will dry out easily!", "Oh and no one likes dry meat. I bet you have a ton of experience cooking it. I'd love to try it sometime!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a grandmother and I watch Netflix. I like documentaries. I used to be a librarian, like my mother.", "My grandchildren are taught by their mother and aunt.", "I have seven children.", "I am working on moving across the country.I'm currently researching moving companies.", "My favorite baseball team is the Chicago White Sox.", "I like to watch Netflix. I enjoy watching sports."], "partner_persona": ["I love Netflix. The Chicago Bears is my favorite football team.", "I went to a strict high school. My dad was the headmaster. I went to a boarding school in Washington.", "I have older siblings.", "I am currently out of work because I am moving to another state next month.I am moving a few states over.", "I'm a Seattle Mariners fan.", "I live with my older brother in Chicago.", "I enjoy watching TV series. I like watching Sports on TV.", "Family is important to me.", "I am getting a new job. I will be moving into my own place. I have been hired to work in a warehouse for an ecommerce company. I am excited to have a fresh start with my new job."], "current_conv": ["I have a lot of extra boxes leftover from packing. Do you want to use them for your up coming move? ", "Heck yeah. I need all the boxes I can get my hands own. It's not like the old days where big box stores had surplus boxes you could get for free.", "Yeah, it can be a pain! Are you hiring movers?", "No. Luckily, my siblings are going to help me.", "That's good. Have you visited your new place yet or only seen pictures?", "I did a mini tour of the area to get my bearings.", "What kind of area is it in? Big city or more suburban?", "It's less than 60K. It's not Chicago but it'll do.", "What are you going to miss most about Chicago?", "I'll miss seeing Bears games and hanging out with my brother. I just couldn't pass up this opportunity.", "Hopefully you'll be able to visit enough. What are you looking forward to about the new place?", "I like nature and the area has plenty of woods I can hike and ride my dirt bike."], "history_conv": [["Hello! Netflix watching grammy here! How are you?", "I love netflix. Im good. Watching my favorite team the chicago bears football.", "I prefer documentaries, as I used to be a librarian, just like my mother.", "Nice! I went to a strict h.s. Where dad was the headmaster.", "That doesn't sound fun. My grandchildren have their mother and aunt as a teacher.", "It was hard. I also have all older silblings. I was not babied though.", "I'm an only child, that's why I had seven of my own.", "Oh wow whats it like having a huge family.", "Very fun. What do you do for a living?", "Nothing right now for im moving to another state next month to restart.", "Very nice, I am working on doing that myself.", "Great are you going very far away?", "I am moving cross country. You?", "Oh my that sounds fun. Im only going afew states over."], ["I have researched different moving companies. There is a lot to moving!", "Yeah! Seriously! At this point I'm thinking of just renting a truck myself and having some friends help me move.", "It's so expensive too.  I worry about my things getting broken or lost with movers.  I'd love to be able to do it ourselves, but that's just sooo much!", "Oh I'm sure! I wonder if your children would be willing to help if they have some spare time, but maybe you'll need to rent out a semi-truck to move your stuff Haha.", "Yes, too many mementos over the years for me to actually do the moving myself.  And because it's so far, I can't spend that much time in the car.  I'll just have to pay it.  I'm sure my children could pitch in for the cost.  So what do you think the Bears chances are for this coming year?", "I'd say pretty harsh considering their placement currently. I hear their projected to win 8.7 games moving into post season but we'll see. What do you think we're going to see moving forward?", "I'm more of a baseball fan than football, so I really don't know about how the Bears are going to do.  I like the Packers, and that's a rival of yours, right?  I'm interested to see what happens with Aaron Rodgers.", "Yeah we'll see if they can find some way to keep him but I think theres probably a pretty low chance of him leaving. What's your favorite baseball team?", "I like the Chicago White Sox.  They really have a good team, if they can just stay consistent!  It was a tough series loss this weekend against the Yankees.", "That sucks! I was raised a Mariners fan myself but I hear they haven't been doing so well recently.", "Raised a Mariners fan but a Chicago Bears fan.  I know they are different sports, but they are totally different states.  That's very interesting, how did that happen?", "The boarding school I grew up in was in Washington state but I live in Chicago currently with my older brother!"], ["I found this great new series on Netflix that I think you might like.", "Great, I need a new series to watch what's it called?", "It's a sports series called The Playbook; not quite a documentary, but I think it's a good cross between what we both enjoy.", "Great I haven't seen that yet, i will add it to my list.  How is the move coming along?", "Slowly but surely! I am trying to go through all my things to determine what I really have an attachment to and what I can get rid of. It's emotionally draining and satisfying at the same time.", "I can imagine! I'm sure you have accumulated a lot of mementos from your children and grandchildren.  What I've learned is that the memories are still there even if you don't have the physical item to trigger it.", "I keep trying to remind myself of that. How is your move going?", "I'm on track to be there by the end of this month.  I'm really looking forward to having my own place and a new job", "It must be exciting to be at the this turning point in your life! What is the new job?", "I'll be working for an ecommerce company in their warehouse.  Benefits are great and pay isn't bad for starting out", "That's great! It's so nice to see a young person acknowledging the importance of good benefits. Do you know anyone else at the company? Or will you be on your own?", "I will be on my own, but I think a fresh start is what I need.  How about your move? will you be closer to your children?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm retired.", "I have a neighbor named John. John likes to play soccer.", "I long for all people to have equality.", "I don't really believe in voting.", "I have bad knees. Because of my knees, hiking is the only athletic activity I can do. I like coastal hikes.", "I like to go to the beach to collect shells and watch the waves. I have a surfboard. I haven't surfed in a while."], "partner_persona": ["I am currently unemployed.", "I like playing soccer. I'm hoping to play on my college soccer team next fall.", "I'm a college student at FDU. My mother runs a high school. She is very kind.", "I am an only child.", "I'm searching for an internship in sports medicine. I'm currently in school for sports medicine.", "I have been going to the beach a lot recently. I'm learning how to surf from friends who live on the New Jersey coast. I'm still not very good at surfing. I'm just a beginner surfer."], "current_conv": ["How's the internship hunt going?", "It's tough right now to be honest. Not enough internships for too many students.", "I am sorry to hear that. The job market should pick up soon. The good thing about being in the medical field is that there is always a need for more help!", "Sports medicine is so popular right now. All the young sports fans grown up I guess. ", "Well, keep confidence in yourself that you are the best of the best and will outshine the competition!", "I hope so. Everyone else has all these connections through family and stuff. Their dad knows someone, etc. Gotta beat that.", "Keep up the surfing and maybe you will make some connections that way.", "That's true. I've heard that a lot of doctors surf on breaks to get their minds clear. Good idea", "That would be really helpful to link up with a doctor!", "Maybe I can just pretend to get hurt surfing and one can come check out my knee.", "Now you are thinking! Must get creative!", "HAHA. I like how this is going. I'll figure out the beach closest to a hospital."], "history_conv": [["Hi hows it going?", "Not so great I am unemployed. Are you working?", "Retired I just spend most days hiking.", "Great! I don't hike but I do play soccer.", "My neighbor john loves soccer.", "Yea I enoy it im in college and play with other students.", "Where do you go to school?", "I go to fdu but my mother runs a local high school.", "Your mother must be very kind.", "Yea, she is kind and I am her only child.", "Dont you just wish everyone was treated equally.", "Yes, that would be great.", "I don't really care for voting though.", "Why dont you care to vote?"], ["How's the job search been going?", "Not bad but it's going slow. I am hoping to get an internship in the sports medicine field.", "That would be awesome. Does your school have any good connections to those type of internships?", "It isn't the best school in the country for sports medicine, but the program is pretty well regarded. I've spent the past few hours asking some of my professors to write letters of recommendation to a couple of clinics around the area.", "Ah, that's a great idea. So you study sports medicine, and you play soccer. That is a great match. Are you on your college sport's team, or do you just play for fun nowadays?", "Yeah, I've been lucky to find 2 things that I love that complement each other so well. I haven't had the time to play on the college team this semester, but I think I'm going to take 1 less class next fall so that I can join the team.", "Good for you. College sports are so much more competitive now than they were when I was growing up. Then again, at this point, hiking is about the only thing my knees can handle.", "Yeah, they are huge right now. What kind of places do you like to go hiking?", "I like to hike along the coast. The ocean is beautiful, and there is a trail that leads down to the beach. Do you ever go to the beach?", "That sounds so relaxing! I have been going a lot recently. Some of my friends who live on the water in Jersey are teaching me how to surf.", "Surfing is great! Nowadays, I just collect shells and watch the waves.", "Did you ever surf when you were younger? I'm absolutely awful at it right now."], ["You inspired me to dig out my old surfboard and take it down to the beach.", "Oh that's so cool! How was it on your knees?", "Not too bad; hopefully it isn't one of those things where the soreness shows up a few days later. Maybe it'll come back to me. Are your friends pretty experienced surfers?", "Yeah they've been surfing their whole lives! So they are pros. But they are good at helping a beginner like me.", "That's awesome. Perhaps I'll get to the point where I just ask a local for some pointers; feel free to pass some along. How is the soccer season going?", "I'm just training right now. I really hope to get a walk on spot on the school team this year!", "Right on; best of luck! How's the training? Lots of drills?", "Yeah just trying to build up my stamina more than anything, and make sure my reflexes are super sharp! Next time you see John, see if he has any tips for me", "I'll definitely let him know about you. Would you be okay with him reaching out to you directly? He's always excited to share his soccer knowledge.", "Oh man, that would be great, thank you! I really want to make the team so I need all the help I can get!", "Sounds good. Have your professors been pretty receptive to writing letter for you?", "For the internship? Yeah they've been great. I'm really lucky I've got cool profs this year."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a man with red hair and quite thin.", "I like fruit cocktails. I also like burgers.", "I dyed my hair purple.", "I do not drink much.", "I am recently divorced. I have an ex wife. I own a house."], "partner_persona": ["I like women. I am single.", "I have an alcoholic father.", "I like to drink. I like fruity cocktails. I like burgers.", "My hair is blonde."], "current_conv": ["I spoke with my wife's lawyer again, she also wants most of the money and the house. ", "I am sorry to hear that, are you going to try to fight what she is asking for?", "I am not agree to give the money and house, but alternatively i wish to give some compensation to her.", "That is generous of you, how are you doing with the divorce?", "I am not interested, but she wants to break my relationship. She want to patch up with her new friend.", "I am sorry to hear that! So have you tried any new fruit cocktails recently?", "I try cocktails few days ago. The taste is just amaze.", "Nice! Did you make them yourself or did someone else make them for yo?", "No, the bar waiter make me the cocktail, after i drink i asked to the waiter to teach me how to do.", "Oh okay, after you learned did you make it at home?", "Nope. I invite my friends to my house for a party to make cocktails. Do you like cocktails?", "Yes, I do. I just tried a lavender blueberry cocktail over the weekend and it was so good!"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, I am a human of the male variety with red hair and a thin build. What you think?", "Well, I like women.. But red hair can be nice.", "Even if I am wearing glasses? And casual clothes? I am very easy going.", "Hahahha! I genuinely laughed..slightly. Pleasant change from thinking of alcoholic father.", "We haven't talked about my alcohol consumptions habits yet...", "Do you drink in excess? Please say no.", "I prefer not to talk about it.", "Ok, then I won't go there. But I like to drink..", "Oh please do go on...", "I like fruity cocktails.. But I start with shots to be wavy quicker.", "I also enjoy fruit cocktails..", "Not fruit cocktails. Fruity! Like sweet mixes. Do you need your car fixed?"], ["I got rid of the red hair and dyed it purple.", "That sounds cool! did you not like the red?", "It was just time for a change. What color is your hair?", "i have blonde hair. Do you like to drink?", "Blonde is the perfect color. Can dye it anything you want. Not too much, no. I'm not a very nice drunk, or so my family says.", "Yeah my dad is an alcoholic, i like to drink fruit cocktails", "And what do you like to eat? Perhaps there is a restaurant that we'd both enjoy.", "I like to eat burgers. Do you like women? maybe we could meet some people", "I just got a divorce, so not really looking for anything more than friendship at this point. I know you like women. Is there anyone significant in your life right now?", "No i dont have anyone significant in my life right now. We could always go meet some friends", "That's true. And you can't go wrong with a burger joint. Hamburger, fries and a milkshake. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.", "Youre right that does sound great! what kind of milkshake are you thinking about getting?"], ["I got a stressful message from my ex's lawyer today", "Oh no, what was it about?", "Apparently my ex wife is looking for our house in the divorce and wants everything left in it!", "No!  Why is she trying to take everything from you?", "I am not sure. I think splitting everything is the right decision. Our divorce wasn't because of wrong doing, so no need to be spiteful.", "You can't split the house though... Does she want all your money too?", "I understand the house can't be split, but we could divide everything fairly. She gets the house, I get a few more of our investments. She has not said anything about my money yet.", "Is this just her excuse to not have to work?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is John.", "I enjoy doing pilates.", "I have an older brother.", "I want to build my own keyboard. I know how to build keyboards.", "I edit videos for a living. We do advertisements for a law firm.", "I'm popular about town.", "I live in a home with a yard.", "I hate creating macros for online work.", "I have not made any plans for going on vacation.", "I get sunburned very easily"], "partner_persona": ["My name is Daria.", "I play basketball.", "I work as a landscaper. I have a landscaping business. I am very busy at my job this time of year.", "My dad's a truck driver.", "I'm an only child.", "I like shows about lawyers.", "I use an old keyboard. I like the 10 key on my keyboards. I prefer keyboards that are backlit.", "I rarely go on vacation. I like going to the beach. I wear sunscreen when I go out in the sun."], "current_conv": ["I am making slow progress building my keyboard, but I did decide to customize the keys to make it more colorful. Do you think the letters should be colored or the tiles outlining the letters?", "I'd like to see it both ways but I'm thinking off the top of my head the letters.", "Yeah- that was what I was thinking too. So have you got to play basketball lately? i have been so busy that I have not gotten out of the house like I usually do.", "I have played a little with friends and coworkers but I have been busy too. I saw the beach last week", "Nice! It has been so hot lately. Must have been good to hit the beach. I gotta get outside. My lawn is ridiculous and needs to be mowed but I don't want to get sunburned so I think I will wait and mow it in the dark-lol- that will really stir up the neighbors with the noise. So have you seen any good law shows? WOuldn't it be funny if one of my ads was on the commercial for one of your shows? ", "I visited the beach briefly with my dad on a trip. That would be great if your ad showed up during one of my shows! That would be great! I wouldn't stir up your neighbors if I was you, they can make you miserable take it from me, try to get along lol", "haha- yeah I certainly like to keep the peace in the neighborhood. hey- got any suggestions on how to keep weeds away? ", "They say weed killer during the right temp is good. you dig it up and put plastic down  if you're over excited but I've never had that much energy", "I figured you being a landscaper and all that you may have some secret tips that the average Joe wouldn't know.  Did I ever tell you that my brother John wanted to be a landscaper but unfortunately he suddenly developed sever allergies to cut grass. ", "oh no that's terrible for your brother. some people swear by putting plastic or even carpet down. I just use weed killer and stay on top of it weekly, no secret tips. you can pull weeds and get your vitamin D that way!. ", "Thanks for the advice. I appreciate it. So I know you don't like vacations but any chance you'd want to go on a short trip with me?", "Maybe, depending on where you want to go. I think we both need to be careful in the sun but we can handle it!"], "history_conv": [["Hey how you doin?", "I'm fine. My name is darla. What about you.", "John, nice to meet ya. I just walked back from work, what's new?", "I'm about to go play basketball. I'm pretty short but I like it.", "Oh nice, I mainly just do pilates for exercise. Not that big into sports.", "Yeah I work outside too. I like it.", "What do you do for work?", "I'm a landscaper. Good exercise.", "Yea, lots of sun too, must be tiring after a long day!", "Oh it does. My dad's a truck driver but I didn't want to follow those steps..", "Any brothers and sisters? I have one older brother, he guided me a lot.", "Nope. Just me mom and dad. Mom is from canada, dad from us."], ["How's the landscaping business treating you?", "It's good. Long day of work just ended so I'm looking forward to relaxing. How have you been?", "I've been great! Just walked home from work and got a little workout in. Planning on doing some relaxing myself.", "Ahh. What do you like to do to relax? I need some ideas. I was thinking of watching some TV or something.", "I've actually been planning on building my own keyboard for work recently, so I really like to watch YouTube video tutorials on the subject.", "Oh, that's cool. Some DIY projects. What kind of keyboard? I'm assuming a keyboard for a computer, not the musical instrument? What is your job?", "Yeah, one for a computer. I do video editing for a local independent editing company. Which means I spend almost all day using a keyboard. I figured I should spice up my job a little bit and build a new keyboard for editing.", "Well that sounds more productive than my tv watching ideas. You actually know how to edit clips, when all I do is plop down on the couch and watch someone else's finished editing work. Lol. What kind of videos do you edit?", "All kinds of small commercial projects really. Recently the company I work at has been working with a local law firm to help make a new TV advertisement for them.", "Oooh, I like to watch shows about lawyers, though I know that's not the same thing. It sounds like your job would be a great way to get to know some of the local community members and businesses.", "It really is! Before I started working there, I could barely name a locally owned restaurant. Now I can hardly make it home from work without getting stopped by someone I know walking down the street.", "That's awesome! Hopefully they give you some discounts at the local shops too. What kind of restaurants do you like?"], ["How's the landscaping business treating you?", "It is really busy this time of year!  Everyone wants their beds cleaned out and mulched!", "Oh I bet...I usually get really motivated to work on my landscaping at this time of year and one month later i've completely given up and plow it over. You've got to his this month hard for those seldom motivated individuals like myself", "Yes, the rest of the summer will be spent just dodging rain and making sure all the lawns get cut. Have you started working on building that keyboard yet?", "It is a lot more technically intensive than I thought it would be and then at the end of the day it's the same thing i've been using for the past 20 years so the motivation is waning", "I would love a keyboard that is backlit and I always have to have the 10 key number pad.  But I guess other than that there isn't many other options.  I wonder if you could have a talk to text feature built into it", "I think smarter people can build macros into specific keys for streamlining their work but man if that doens't make you want to walk into the ocean I don't know what", "I'm definitely not that smart!  Speaking of the ocean, got any vacation plans?", "Well once my inevitable decline of my garden happens I guess i'll have some free time to visit someplace else so I guess I should start planning that out", "I can never take vacation in the summer, but I'm looking forward to some time off in the fall before the leaves fall.  The beach is calling my name", "I burn super easy so it's like an hour routine to get my body ready to not be miserable for the next month with sunburns...i've to psyche myself up to get out in that super sun", "Sunscreen is always necessary, does your job have any slower times where its easy to take a vacation?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I drive a Beetle.", "I own guns.", "I like British television. I've been watching The Office (UK) lately.", "I love running. I love playing football. I love playing chess. I love puzzle games.", "Hip-hop is my favorite genre of music. I have recently been listening to '80s and '90s music.", "Beethoven is my favorite musical artist. I like the word play in hip hop.", "I don't listen to Italian rock. I like listening to new music.", "I would like a painting of the outdoors.", "Mountains and tree landscapes are relaxing to me.", "I work on puzzles."], "partner_persona": ["I like to paint animals.", "Italian rock is my favorite music.", "I own guns.", "I love Italian food.", "I like watching the BBC and Nova. I've only seen the first few episodes of The Office (UK).", "I collect guns. I enjoy painting animals. I like having cats as pets. I enjoy painting turtles. I painted a cat yesterday.", "I'm not a fan of hip hop.", "I like the Italian band Litfiba. I like all of Litfiba's music.", "I can paint the outdoors. I live near mountains. My favorite painting is of turtles in Costa Rica. I have painted turtles before."], "current_conv": ["I listened to a couple Litfiba songs on my run! You were right, they are awesome!", "Oh great, but i am not much interested in music, but i love Italian rock genres. ", "I love listening to new music, thanks for reccomending them! How did you get into Italian rock anyhow?", "Italy has played a significant role in the history of European music. Many music instruments, such as the violin and piano, were invented in Italy. That's why i dump in to the music", "Very true! HAve you ever been to Italy? I bet you'd love painting there.", "No much, i love some Italian foods.", "So do I, what's your favorite", "A typical Italian meal begins with an antipasto followed by a primo. Especially pasta", "Do you ever share the food with your cats? How are they, by the way?", "Sometime, if i drink too much at that time i shared my food to my cat Hahaha!!!!", "I bet your cat is happy when that happens..especially with a seafood dish!!", "Hahahaha!!!! Yeah that time i share fish finger fries."], "history_conv": [["Im in my beetle listening to moonlight sonata from beethoven.", "Im painting a portrait of a clydesdale, I love my work but animals dont like staying still.", "My grandmother used to paint when she lived in italy. She was born there.", "I simply love italian rock music its my favorite.", "Beethoven is my go to. I have 2 guns. A 9mm and 40mm.", "My mother is a nurse so she disproves of my guns.", "Im watching a nurse show now. Im only into british tv.", "I like nature so I watch a lot of nova and bbc.", "Bbc! They always play my favorite song. Moonlight sonata.", "They dont play enough italian rock music.", "Did I tell you my grandma was born in itait?", "You mentioned it, did she cook a lot? I love italian food."], ["I found a great new British TV show!", "Thats great! i love to watch BBC and Nova. Whats the show about?", "Well, it isn't a new show, but it is new for me to watch. The Office (UK), have you heard of it?", "I have heard of it but ive only ever watched the first few episodes.  Do you have any hobbies?", "I love running and playing football. Those are the main two sports-based ones. Intellectually, I love chess and puzzle books and logic puzzles. What about you?", "I enjoy painting, specifically animals, i also collect guns.", "What is your favourite animal to have as a pet? Also, what is your favourite animal to paint?", "I like to have cats as pets, and enjoy painting turtles. Whats your favorite genre of music?", "My favourite genre of music is hip-hop. Although, my dad has recently been introducing me to 80s and 90s music. Yourself?", "Oh i thought you liked classical music, like Beethoven? I enjoy Italian Rock", "Yes, so Beethoven is my favourite artist. But, genre-wise, I like the impressive use of words and metaphors in hip-hop. It is fascinating, don't you think?", "I dont really enjoy hip hop myself, so i cannot relate, but it"], ["I don't know anything about Italian rock! What are you favorite Italian bands?", "I'm partial to Litfiba.  They rock harder than anyone else!", "I will have to listen to some of their music later today! Maybe they will be a great band to listen to when I run! Do you have a favorite song I should start with?", "I think they're a great one to start out with.  Really any of their songs are going to be a good starting point.  You might be going down a rabbit hole real soon!", "I love new music experiences, so I look forward to it! Thank you for the advice. Have you been doing any painting lately?", "Yeah, I just painted my neighbor's cat yesterday.  If you wanted me to paint anything, what would it be?", "I would love you to paint me something! Maybe a picture of the outdoors?", "Sure, any specific scene of the outdoors?", "Are there any mountain scapes around you? Maybe the mountains and trees or something along those lines. A nice outdoor piece I can relax and look at?", "I do have some nice mountains I can paint!  I'll send it to you by Wednesday.", "That would be amazing, thank you! No rush. I forgot to tell you, I got a new puzzle with turtles on it and it reminded me of your turtle paintings!", "Oh that's awesome!  My favorite painting ever was of a turtle filled beach in Costa Rica."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My mom has a coffee shop. My mom sells hamburgers at her coffee shop.", "I don't have a car.", "I have tattoos. I have a full sleeve tattoo. I have a tattoo of my mom. I got my mom tattoo so my mom would give me free  stuff from her coffee shop for life.", "I mooch off of my mother.", "I taste taste coffee at my mom's coffee shop.", "I'm stealthy.", "I think I got a temp job.", "I want to go on a road trip in a rental car to Montana or Arizona, I love the scenery there."], "partner_persona": ["I like tattoos. I enjoy hamburgers.", "I once worked for Crisco. I snowboard.", "I made good money. I am retired. I am buying a new Toyota Camry. I am young.", "I give lectures to college students.", "I love road trips. I find the desert beautiful."], "current_conv": ["I just had a phone call from the ad agency, they gave me the temp job. I am soooo happy now. ", "Congratulations!! When do you start?", "I start next week. I'm so excited. I hope I'll learn a lot of new skills. ", "I hope they put you to work and you're not just doing coffee runs all day, haha! What did your mom say when she found out?", "no worries! I think I'll be doing a lot more than coffee runs! and I think I can save up money for road trips and maybe meet you somewhere.  My mom just hoped that I would still have time for tastings at her shop. ", "Yes, we still need to take that road trip to Arizona! I'm sure you'll still find time to help your mom out too. ", "Right! Route 66 here we come! It's quite a bit south but Tombstone would be neat to walk around in too! Whatever you are up to! I know she worries but I'll always help my mom out. ", "The good thing about roadtrips is that you don't have to plan them 100%...you can just follow your whims! I was thinking about getting a Rt. 66 tattoo too.  Maybe a full themed sleeve would be cool too, but you have to start somewhere! What tattoo was your first?", "My first was pretty simple. flower on my upper arm. which grew into a vine. look into it that way, start little and think what can it grow into if you want it too? ", "Maybe mine can be a road instead of a vine! I'm sure together we could come up with tons of ideas.", "I would love to help you and go with you!  maybe it's a vine symbolic of a road? Tattoos are great", "I agree - they are great reminders of your life's story! Do you have any coffee tattoos?"], "history_conv": [["Hey do you like tattoos.", "Heya. Yes I do. I enjoy hamburgers too mm mm.", "Yes hamburgers are nice! My mum sells really good one's at her coffee shop.", "Nice. Tasty. I worked for cisco it was crazy. I just snowboard a lot now.", "Cool. Cisco.. So it? You must make good money!!", "Yup. Lots. I'm retired now. So I'm buying a nice new car. What do u drive?", "I don't have a car yet.. Sponsor me? Lol.", "Maybe I can. I'm young and retired. I am going to see charlie parker. He's great.", "Never heard of him. I just watch friends.", "That's an older show. So you asked about tats. You have any?", "I actually have five! Full sleeve. One of my mom.", "Nice. So you two are close then?", "I only got it so she would give me free items from her coffee shop for life.", "Wow. That's a pretty sweet deal. Lucky you."], ["Do you think you could get me in the door at Crisco?", "I can definitely try! It has been a few years since I retired though. Some of their employees still use me as a consultant. What type of job are you looking for?", "Anything that pays well. My mom wants me to get a job and take her out to eat every now and then instead of just mooching off her baked goods. Lol. I don't have much experience. Do think there might be a starter position available?", "Haha! Mama always knows what's best! I will definitely keep an ear out for any entry-level openings. Have you been working at her coffee shop?", "Yup! Taste testing. So far so good! I don't think I can put that on my resum\u00e9 though.", "I am sure there is a way to make it work on a resume! You should look into some guides on resume writing. You can turn almost anything into experience with the correct wording!", "In that case, I also have experience with counting the money in the cash register and distributing the proper percentage to myself, and also, I'm good at stealth. I'm able to hide pretty effectively when my grandma (who still squeezes my cheeks and calls me \"little bunion\") visits the shop... but that could also be because her eye sight has been going for a while. You are making me realize my skills may be better suited as a secret agent. But I suppose Cisco could also be the jump start to that career path.", "Well it is always good to keep your options open!", "You should've been a motivational speaker! It's never too late, you know.", "Well, did you know I do give lectures to college students every now and then!", "Are your lectures about how you were able to retire young? Or what do you lecture about?", "It varies! It depends on what type of event school/program hired me for. Most of the events topics are focused on strong leadership."], ["I think I got a temp job at the local ad agency!", "Hey good for you! Maybe you can start making your own money and give your mom a break lol!", "Thanks! And yeah, you're probably right. Maybe soon I can buy a nice new car like you. What model are you getting?", "A Toyota Camry. I know it's not exciting, but I need something solid that will last a long time!", "That's smart. Can it fit all of your snowboarding gear?", "Yeah because the trunk is big and then I can fold the back seats down to fit the longboard. It's pretty sweet!", "Ah yes, cargo space. Good for road trips. I'm thinking I might get a rental car and go on one to celebrate my new job!", "Cool where do you want to go? I love a good road trip.", "I was thinking out west somewhere, maybe Arizona or Montana. I love the scenery out there. The people seem friendly too.", "Oh yeah the desert is so beautiful and there are so many cool national parks out there too.", "For sure. Now that my tax dollars are going to keep them open I figured I might as well go and enjoy them.", "Haha, that's a good way to look at it! Might need to do the same myself!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I fish.", "I live in New England.", "I love lasagna.", "I like the Red Sox. I like dunkin donuts.", "I own a truck.", "I went fishing yesterday and caught a tuna. I ate some of the tuna and I liked it. I usually fish for smaller fish than tuna if I fish alone. I fish for larger fish like tuna if I am part of a group. I am going fishing next weekend."], "partner_persona": ["I live in New England.", "I love lasagna and baseball.", "I don't like the Red Sox.", "I am married.", "I have not caught a tuna in a while.", "I go off-roading. I am installing new lights on my truck. I have friends who like to go off-roading and I would like to join them one day.", "I have a 2004 Ford F 150 Raptor. I bought it used a few months ago. My truck is a bit beat up. I got new lights for my truck.", "I hunt with my father in law and he has been a great teacher. I usually hunt deer but recently hunted turkey with my father in law.", "I like to fish.", "I like relaxation more than hyper focus."], "current_conv": ["I had to get some doughnuts on the way from work, they had a new flavour in Dunkin donuts. I am gonna bring some of them when we go fishing, I loved the taste.", "That sounds good. I can't wait to try them. I love doughnuts but I have been trying to avoid the amount of sweets I am eating as I am trying to become fitter. I even started a new workout routine. Do you work out?", "I used to have a gym membership and worked out a few times a week, but I haven't worked out in the past five years or so. I need to follow your lead and start exercising again! If you don't want to try the donuts, I will gladly eat them all myself!", "I will definitely try one... or two! What new flavour is that? I hope not strawberry! I am allergic to strawberries.", "No, don't worry. They are not strawberry. They are hot cinnamon flavored. Does that sound good to you?", "That sounds great. I like cinnamon. Reminds me of Christmas. Is dunkin donuts your favourite doughnut place?", "Oh yes, absolutely. I have always favored donuts from Dunkin. But I must admit, the kolaches from my local family-owned donut shop cannot be beaten by anyone.", "That's so nice that your family owns a donut shop. Maybe you could bring something from there as well, I would love to try it. Do your parents work in the shop?", "Good idea. I will definitely bring some of the kolaches they make so well. My parent used to work in the shop, but they retired, and now my older brother runs the place.", "I see. Is he your only brother or do you have any other siblings? I am an only child and I always wished I had a brother.", "Yes, he is my only sibling. We get along really well. I'm sorry you always wanted a sibling but never had one. It is the most satisfying relationship I have. But hey, I could be your stand-in big brother!", "Haha, yes! I can already tell we are getting along very well. I cannot wait for our fishing trip! "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you.", "Not too bad. Heading home in the truck after a long day fishing. How about yourself?", "Me too cant believe it another fisherman.", "Nice! What you catch today?", "Some wicked tunas kid! That what we got in new england.", "Small world man. Same here!", "Dont you just love the lasagna out here kid!", "That and baseball, am I right?", "Nothing like some dunkins to go with my sox games.", "The red sox aren't that great man.", "Im about to drive my truck at ya bro!", "I would turn around and do the same but the wife is making lasagna tonight!"], ["I ate some of the tuna I caught yesterday. It was great!", "Nice! Do you mainly fish for tuna? It's been a while since I've caught a good sized tuna.", "I usually go for smaller fish if I'm going out by myself, but I'll go for tuna if I can get a larger group together", "That sounds like a lot of fun. Hey, if you are ever looking for 1 more to join, I'd be more than happy to go with you.", "I'll keep you in mind. What have you been up to today?", "I've been working most of day on installing some new lights on the top of my truck for when I take it off-roading. I have some friends who are into off-roading, so I thought I would join them one of these days.", "What kind of a truck do you have?", "I have a 2004 Ford F150 raptor that I bought used a few months ago. It's already been roughed up a bit so I'm not too worried about it getting beat up.", "Sounds perfect for hitting the trails. Do you do any hunting or just off roading?", "I've been hunting with my father in law the past few years. He's been hunting since before I was alive, so he has been a great teacher.", "What do you usually hunt?", "Mostly we hunt deer. Recently we went on a turkey hunt though."], ["I just found out that I am off from work next weekend and am going fishing. I thought I would invite you if you are available?", "Heck yeah i'm down to fish. We can take my giant truck to haul our giant fish we are sure to catch", "Sounds awesome. I've heard good things about those Raptors. Bet it'll look sick with those new lights!", "Well I wired them wrong initially and they produced bright, piercing red light and it kind of felt like I was driving a chariot from hell, but it's all good now and back to blue", "Whoa, right on. I'll bring some doughnuts.  Sounds like the Raptor is pretty durable, too.", "Yeah so far it's held up to all the stuff I keep running into becuase it's gigantic so i'd say that's a plus", "That's cool. Lots of bed space for all those fish we're going to catch!", "or lots of space to hold my tears when I catch nothing... win win", "Ha ha. Your father-in-law ever fish or just hunt?", "He's more of a hunter...he thinks fishing is a weak man's activity. I think he is foolish in his regards to hunting vs fishing though", "Ha. Guess they take two different mindsets. Fishing you can kind of just sit back and relax. Hunting you gotta stay alert.", "Yeah...relaxation is way better than hyper focus and it's not like those turkeys or deer are going to fight me"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am moving to Florida next month with my family. I will miss my friends after I move. I have to move because my father lost his job. I am nervous about not having friends in Florida.", "I am very attached to my 5 older siblings. Two of my siblings are adopted.", "I love the sports team called the Bears.", "I love to read.", "I am religious and believe in Jesus. I go to church.", "My dad is depressed after losing his job.", "I haven't been reading much lately. I have been packing for my move and spending time with friends.", "I have never moved before. I am afraid of mean people.", "I like to watch football. I like the Chicago Bears football team.", "I enjoy winter."], "partner_persona": ["I believe in a god.", "I am very attached to my family. My family includes my grandchildren.I also have friends.", "I love sports.", "I went to church last Sunday. I found it very uplifting. I like the people that are in my church. I depend on faith when life gets too hard.", "I believe family is very important.", "I love to read. I am reading \"My Savior, My Friend.", "I have moved multiple times. I have lived at a few different places.", "I like going to the beach."], "current_conv": ["How is the book My Savior, My friend going? Have you ready anything inspiring today?", "I love the book so far. It's a wonderful story that provides a ton of spiritual and moral insight. How are things going with the move to Florida? Are you excited? I've been praying things go well for you.", "That is great I would like to read it as well, maybe I can find a copy in Florida. I am honestly so nervous, I will miss everyone so much, but I know Jesus is looking out for me. Thank you for your prayers.", "If you'd like, I can just mail you my copy when I'm done with it. I generally have no use for a book after I read it, other than the Bible. And you're very welcome! I just want to see you find happiness! Aren't you going to miss the winter in Florida, though?", "I would love that! Thanks so much. I know what you mean, I will have mine with me every step of the way. You are such a good friend to me. I really will, the snow is the most beautiful thing ever.", "I'm sure you'll find plenty of things to enjoy down there, too. You're such a wonderful and friendly person, I think you'll have no problem fitting in and making new friends. Have you looked into any churches down there you'd be interested in trying?", "Well thanks so much! I am sure if I can just find a fellow football fan, things might be easier. I have been so busy packing and hanging out with friends I have not had the time yet. Have you seen your grandchildren lately?", "I'm sure you'll find tons of football fans. Are you a Florida Panthers fan at all? If so I'm sure you'll fit right in with that crowd, too. Yes, I saw my grandchildren just yesterday! We went out for breakfast together, I had a really great time. They're growing up so fast!", "I really am more of a Chicago Bears fan, but maybe I could pick up another team! That is great it is important to keep your family close. It has been hard seeing my Dad so sad lately.", "I've been praying for your father, as well. He just has to keep his faith in God and God's plan. He is a very skilled man and should have no problem finding a good place to work. ", "You are so right about that and I will have to remind him. Thanks for all your advice. I will really miss you, and everyone else. I hope we can keep in touch.", "Just know, I'm never far! I'm always just a phone call away, so never feel afraid to call if you need something. God put me here to help others, I believe. In helping others, we help ourselves."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "I'm great because I have god in my life how are you?", "That is great! I've been better. We're moving to fl next month :(.", "I'm jealous I love living near the water as long it's warm and sunny.", "That is nice. But dad lost his job as headmaster at my school so we gotta go.", "Well as long as you'll be with family. My family is my life.", "Same here! I have 5 older siblings who are my world.", "I have my family and friends and my grandchildren!", "That's great! Do you like sports? I love da bears!", "I do. I love to read and read about sports all of the time!", "Love to read too. My school's very strict and we're required to read a lot.", "I would love your school then! Are you religious at all?", "I am! Jesus is my life!.", "Have you read the bible?"], ["I went to church on Sunday.", "Me too!  I hope that you found it as uplifting and aspiring as I did!  Do you attend with any of your family?", "Yep! All five of my siblings attended. My dad is still a little down since losing his job, but I think church really helped uplift him. And we also treated him to his favorite ice cream afterwards. It never fails.", "Blessings to you all!  Church and sweets: a perfect combination.  Are you worried about leaving your family when you move to Florida?", "No, all of my family is moving together, but I will miss my friends. And my favorite local ice cream shop. What is your favorite sweet?", "Oh, I am so glad and sorry I misunderstood.  Family is so important.  It is hard to leave friends, but blood ties are so important and you will always find more friends!", "That is true, although sometimes it doesn't have to be blood. Two of my older siblings were adopted and they still feel just as much like family as my other three siblings.", "Yes.  I consider that blood because, as you know, the Lord set all of you apart to become a family.  His ways are always mysterious, but true!", "Ah, I see. I'm just used to people sometimes not understanding our family or saying because we aren't blood we aren't really family. I agree with you on this.", "When we are with the Lord we are all family in a way!  So, what are you currently reading?  I am reading \"My Savior, My Friend.\"  So inspiring.", "I haven't been reading too much lately. Mostly packing and trying to spend as much time with friends as possible. I'll have to read \"My Savior, My Friend\" once I get settled in at the new home.", "That makes sense.  It's a busy time for you and your family for sure.  I have been praying for your father to find work in Florida.  I have a feeling God has much in store for you yet."], ["I'm feeling pretty nervous about my upcoming move. I'm afraid I won't make any new friends in Florida.", "I can understand you are nervous, but at least you will have your siblings to lean on. You will eventually make friends, it just takes time", "I don't know. I've never moved before. People don't there might be mean or something.", "Anywhere you go there are mean people and nice people. As long as you steer clear of the mean ones, you will do great. I have always found that church is a great way to meet new friends! Maybe start there?", "That's a good idea. Hopefully we find a new one soon My dad is just so down about everything that he doesn't do as much as he used to.", "Well maybe church is exactly what the whole family needs, your dad to help with his depression and you for friends! In my life, I have always leaned on my faith to pull me through the tough times.", "I'll tell him that! Also, I know maybe this sounds dumb, but I'm worried I won't be able to watch my Bears down there. It's just dolphins, gators and hurriance", "Oh that is important too! I am sure if you can not watch them on local tv, you can stream them on a phone or tablet! The internet makes sports watching very easy these days!", "You've got all the good advice today! Actually making me feel a lot better. Have you ever moved before?", "I love giving advice. My grandkids often come to me as well. Yes! I have moved a few times in my life. Each move was scary but I found something amazing everywhere I lived.", "I've heard from others that I wont miss the winters once I move. So that might be a plus.", "Absolutely! The warm weather of Florida offers year round beach days! That would be amazing, right!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a pet parrot. My parrot likes to say annoying things if I don't feed him on time. My parrot is 11-year-old. I have a parrot that talks a lot.", "I plan to write a will. I have yet to begin writing my will.", "My dad is retired. He used to be a lawyer.", "My mom went to school to become a paralegal, but she never worked in the field.", "I have dogs as pets. I have considered taking my dogs and parrot to the grromers. I don't like trimming my dogs nails. I am not adept at trimming dogs nails."], "partner_persona": ["I live near the ocean. I am retired. I was an accountant.", "I want to start my own business that focuses on dogs.", "I don't like birds. My dogs bark a lot if I don't feed them on time.", " I modified my will to leave some money to animal shelters.", "I have a granddaughter. My granddaughter went to college to become a paralegal. My granddaughter is about to have a baby.", "I am looking for tips on how to start writing my will.", "I am considering opening a mobile dog grooming business. Trimming dogs' nails doesn't bother me."], "current_conv": ["I finally started writing my will. It feels a bit morbid but I know it's just something that needs to be done. I've got to figure out what to do with my parrot if they outlive me and put that in the will!", "Did you like train a parrot to speak or for what did you think?", "No.  I've tried but I never had the patience.  Do you have any tips I could use to make trimming my dogs nails less stressful?", "ya cheat your with his favorite then do it softly", "Are you any closer to opening your grooming business?", "not yet i have no further ideas about it in future i install a specific care unit for dogs", "Have you written your will yet?  You said you are looking for tips.  Have you considered talking to an attorney?", "hey no man for your wish i try to read it soon give you a better idea for that.", "How is you granddaughter doing?  Has she had her baby yet?", "she is studying ornithologist and she had a idea about ms in it", "Oh, I thought she was studied to be paralegal.  It must be difficult to be pregnant, and going back to school.  Is she married?", " My granddaughter is about to have a baby. "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you today?", "I am well thanks, I am looking at the ocean at moment.", "Oh the view must be great! Hopefully taking some great pictures?", "I live very near so see it all the time. I am a retired accountant.", "Oh did you enjoy that line of work? Must be nice to be retired!", "Yes earned a few pennies. I want to do something new now.", "What will you do with your free time then?", "I think I am going to set up a new business.", "Any idea what you would like to do?", "Yes around dogs, they seem popular at moment.", "Dogs are wonderful, I just have a parrot myself. So maybe a pet supply shop?", "I think parrot give away your secrets?"], ["My parrot likes to mimic my voice, want to hear?", "No thank you, I don't like birds.", "They aren't for everyone. They can be too smart for their own good sometimes. Mine will say anything it can to annoy me if I haven't fed him right on schedule.", "My dogs are like that.  They bark and bark if I don't feed them at the right time.  How old is your parrot?  I've heard they can live a long time.", "He is only 11 years old. Many people in the parrot community actually recommend putting them in your will because they so often outlive their owner.", "Have you done that?  After I retired, I made an amendment to my will to have some go to animal shelters.", "That's really cool that you're helping animals like that. I haven't done it yet, but I plan to. I just recently asked my dad for some advice on how to go about writing one.", "Does your dad work in the law field?  It can be tricky to get a handle on everything you need to consider.", "He is retired like you now, but he used to be a lawyer. He didn't specialize in wills though, so I will probably still need to speak to one.", "That's so nice that he can help you out.  My granddaughter went to college to be a paralegal.", "That's really cool! I hope she is doing well. My mom actually went to school to be a paralegal too. She never ended up working in the field though.", "What did she end up doing?  My granddaughter just took maternity leave and I'm not convinced that she is going to go back to work."], ["I actually just talked to my dad about writing a will. He gave me some good tips to get started and said that he has a friend he can recommend who is an estate attorney.", "Oh that sounds great thank you so much. Have you started yours", "I found an online tool that will help you get started but I haven't started yet", "Thank you. Maybe you can train your parrot to remind you to start your will lol", "He already talks too much!  Have you thought any more about what kind of dog business you would open? Mobile grooming maybe?", "LOL . I actually was thinking about mobile grooming .Advertise as I am on the go", "I see a lot of those in my neighborhood.  I have thought about using them for my dogs.  Maybe you could do parrots too?", "I don't know about that I will see them from a distance but I cant do it close up", "What about trimming dog nails.  I hate doing that! Have you seen the funny videos of dogs being dramatic about having that done", "Yes I have that is hilarious. I don't mind doing that at all", "I have done it before have drawn a little blood so now my dogs are afraid of me when I get my clippers out!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a reader.", "I have just finished Pachinko.  I have a dog named Wylie.", "I want kids some day. My mom is pediatrician.", "My pop is a fireman.", "I like to be outside.", "I used to enjoy Greek mythology but have forgotten much of what I learned.", "I am a fan of strong women.", "Seven is my lucky number.", "I have been to Thessaloniki.", "I want to have kids someday.", "I like to travel. I have been on a few trips to the capital cities of Europe. My favorite cities are Rome, Berlin, Madrid, and Helsinki."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a librarian.", "I like the classic books, but am currently reading some star wars novels.", "I have three kids.", "I like to be outside.  I commute by boat every day to work.", "I live in Amsterdam so there are a lot of canals.", "I am going on vacation to Greece with my family this year. I have never been to Greece. I traveled to Rome three years ago. I enjoy Greek mythology, especially Athena.", "I am a fan of strong women.", "Three is my lucky number. I have two siblings. I used to play on a handball team.", "I am planning a trip to Greece with my family of five. I plan to go to Athens. I would like to go to Santorini. I might go to Thessaloniki. My trip to Greece will be about two weeks.", "I try to go on a vacation with my family every summer.", "I am interested in Finland."], "current_conv": ["You got me thinking of traveling, and I decided to book a plane ticket to Rome on a whim!", "That is awesome, when do you leave?", "Two weeks! I'm so excited! When is your trip?", "I am hoping to leave later this summer, probably a month before school starts.", "That sounds great. Are the kids excited?", "They are, they have never been to Greece. I bet you can't wait to be sipping coffee outside the Colosseum. Where are you going to go first?", "I haven't really planned the trip out as it's so last minute! What would you do first?", "I would have to say the Parthenon. Athena is my favorite among the Greek gods/goddesses.", "That sounds wonderful. I haven't been there.", "You have to put it on your itinerary, along with the Acropolis of Athens and the beach on Corfu Island.", "I sure will. Thank you.", "Is your trip more for relaxation or for sight seeing because that will really determine where you should go."], "history_conv": [["Hi: tell me something about yourself. I'm pretty nice.", "Well, I'm a librarian, so I'd like to think I'm pretty nice, too.", "I ', a reader, too. What's your favorite book?", "I like the classics, but am currently reading some star wars novels. You?", "Just finished pachinko. I have a dog named wylie.", "That's cool. No dogs here, but I have three kids.", "I want kids some day. My mom is pediatrician so, she's around kids all day.", "Kids are great, but having three of them is definitely a handful.", "My pop is a fireman, he's sleeping so I'm being quiet on the computer.", "That's an exciting job. What do you do for fun?", "I like to be outside but mom wants me in right now.", "I like to be outside, too. I'm lucky that I commute by boat every day to work.", "What do you do that you take a boat to work and not a car?", "I'm a librarian, but I live in amsterdam so there are a lot of canals."], ["Where do you plan to spend the vacation this year? Do your kids have any preferences?", "Our plan is to go to Greece!  I am so excited.  I will have a chance to visit so many of those historical places.  It's not Coruscant, but it's a place I've longed to visit.", "In elementary school, one of my teachers was obsessed with Greek mythology. She got to travel to Greece, and she met someone with the name \"Persephone\". Have you ever been to Greece before, or if this your first time?", "This will be my first time.  We were supposed to visit when I went to Rome three years ago, but it was a rough time in Greece and figured \"discretion is the better part of valor.\u201d  Do you like the Greek myths?  Who is your favorite?", "I used to like them, but I don't remember them now. Hercules comes to mind, but that's mainly because of the Disney movie. I have a book on Greek Mythology. I'll have to dig that up. What about you?", "I really love Athena. What a perfect goddess for a librarian.  She is known for her reason, wisdom, intelligence, and skill. Spring directly from Zeus' head and fully formed is such a wild story.  I love it.", "Doesn't she have fiery red hair, or am I thinking of someone else?", "Sometimes she is depicted with red, but I often see her with black hair.  You might be thinking of Aphrodite.  Either way, you can't go wrong with those strong women.", "Strong women! The world needs more of them, and there is no better time than the present.", "Oh yes!  I know just what you mean. Perhaps a \"goddess\" will rise from the ashes and show the world how important women are!  I always liked that there were 12 goddesses!  There is something to that number.", "I agree about the number 12, although my lucky number is 7. Do you have a lucky number?", "It might be obvious after I tell you.  It's three!  That's the number of kids I have, but I was also the third born in my family and it was the uniform number when I played handball!"], ["When do you leave for Greece?", "Probably in the next three months.  Still sorting out flights and stuff.", "That's great. Have you looked at places yet that you'd like to visit?", "Athens is a must.  Probably will also go to Santorini.  One of my colleagues told me that Thessaloniki is interesting -- it's in the north, and quite different from the southern cities.", "Yes, I'm sure you will love Thessaloniki, it is amazing. Are you going to stay for a couple of weeks or have you not decided yet?", "Around that -- two to three weeks.  Still have a few details to sort out.  Not easy taking a family of five overseas.", "I can imagine. Sounds like a lot of fun though. I can't wait to have kids one day and go on a proper family holiday with them! Are you going on a summer holiday every year?", "We try.  Better doing something than having kids bored and screaming at home :-).  Do you like travelling?", "I do, but it's not as fun going on my own. I used to do a big trip around Europe a few years ago, visiting all the capital cities of each country. That was fun!", "Wow... that sounds amazing!!!  What were your favourite cities?", "My favourites were Rome, Berlin, Madrid and Helsinki. So much lovely, old architecture in those places. I took Wylie as well and he loved just exploring the cities with me.", "What's Helsinki like?  I have been fascinated with Finland for some time, but still have not managed to get over there."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am male. I am single. I do not have kids. I do not want to get married.", "I do not have pets. I like to read.", "I like to hike. I am afraid of wild animals.", "I don't always shave. I have red hair.", "I like reading horror novels. I read a lot of Stephen King novels. My favorite Stephen King book is \"11/22/63.\" It was the first Stephen King book I read. I have seen Psycho about 10 times. I love Alfred Hitchcock movies, but I haven't seen all of them.", "I don't like birds. I purchased the film North by Northwest.", "I work from home doing programming and web design. I work for a big consumer marketplace website."], "partner_persona": ["I am single.", "I like to hike.", "I have red hair.", "I like conspiracy theories. I enjoy Alfred Hitchcock movies. My favorite Hitchcock movies are Vertigo, Rear Window, and North by Northwest. I watched a lot of his movies in a film studies class. I don't like birds. I found The Birds to be very scary. I have watched city of lies.", "I am not good at writing or acting. I am good at watching and reading.", "I work a 9-5 job. I wanted to have a stay at home computer job."], "current_conv": ["Can you recommend any other Hitchcock movies?", "If you have not seen it yet, \"Psycho\" is an all-time classic! How about you, can you recommend a good Stephen King book for me?", "I have seen it. One of my favorites. I really like the book It.", "How about \"Topaz\"? It has more intrigue, and is based on spies.  ", "I haven't heard of that one.", "It was done back in 1969. It was based on the novel by the same name, which was written by Leon Uris.  Good for suspense and making you think.", "Sounds like a good watch. I'll be sure to check it out.", "Be sure to let me know what you think!  Which Stephen King novel do you recommend I start with?", "Desperation is a good one and makes you think.", "I like that idea! I'll make a note to pick it up this weekend.  Another good Hitchcock movie to watch is \"Vertgo\", it has a real twist that will keep you on the edge of your seat.", "Perfect! Thank you for your suggestions.", "You are so welcome! I am such a fan of Hitchcock, so it's fun to share recommendations.  Just might make a note to avoid watching \"The Birds\". You and I both have a dislike for them, which makes that film much more terrifying."], "history_conv": [["Hi there, is this a dating app thing? I'm male, single, no children...", "Hi, no, I don't think so, lol. But I'm single, too.", "Oh, well I am also not looking to get married, so it's whatever anyway.", "Do you have any pets? A dog maybe?", "No, I prefer to read outdoors alone, without other humans or animals around.", "You must be an introvert. Do you like hiking?", "Hiking is okay, I only worry about running into wild animals.", "They usually stay away from people. I hike a lot, so I know.", "I would probably scare them away...i scare away humans enough.", "Do you have shaggy hair and a huge beard? Haha.", "Sometimes, when I haven't shaved in a day or 2.", "I see. My red hair is sometimes scary too. When it's windy."], ["I have red hair, too. That's pretty cool. I rarely run into other red heads.", "It's the best kept secret that someday redheads will take over the world. What kind of books do you like to read?", "Absolutely! If you want to carpool to the next redheaded illuminati meeting let me know lol. I really like horror novels. Lots of Stephen King mostly.", "Maybe we should write one. Document the \"Rising of the Redheads\". What's your favorite Stephen King book or movie?", "I love it! Speaking of conspiracies, my favorite is probably 11/22/63 since it was the first of his that I read.", "Conspiracies are the best. I'll have to check that out. Stephen King is always a classic for horror. I also enjoy classic Alfred Hitchcock movies. Do you enjoy movies as well?", "I have probably seen Psycho like 10 times. I have loved all of the movies I have seen of his, but I haven't seen as many as I would like to. Any recommendations?", "For my film studies class, we watched Psycho, Vertigo, Rear Window, The Birds, Strangers on a Train, North by Northwest. I think my top three are Vertigo, Rear Window, and North by Northwest. I have issues with birds in general, so that movie was more terrifying that I think Hitchcock even intended.", "I'm not the biggest fan of birds either, so I'll probably have to watch that one during the day. I've always wanted to see North by Northwest though. I'll have to see if I can find somewhere to watch it sometime this week after work.", "Good idea! Where do you work?", "I work from home. I do programming and web design for the customer service division of a big consumer marketplace website. I know it sounds too good to be true lol.", "That seems like a perfect job for someone on the introverted side. How long have you had that position?"], ["I just bought North by Northwest. I think I'm going to watch it tonight.", "Let me know if its a good one. I watched city of lies last night. It was pretty good. I want to see wanderer next.", "I think most hitchcock's hold up but man he was kind of a jerk", "Lol, really? I may have to agree. Or watch a few more of his movies.", "YEah this dude would have definitely had issues in the \"metoo\" era, but his films are still really well made and engaging", "They defiantly do a better job writing than I would. I have no skill at writing or acting. I good at watching or reading.", "I think that counts...people always need others to view and read their work", "This is true. I try to stay open for anything.", "Now if you can turn that type of availability into a career you would have it made in the shade", "No kidding. Would beat what I do now for a living. Financially AND more interesting. I work a boring 9-5.", "And the thing is these jobs exist for some lucky people...they get to watch a movie and review it or read a book and review it. That stuff exists in the world, but it is just never available for normal people", "I have heard that they exist. I was actually looking into stay at home computer jobs and ran across a couple of sites that offer this. Just havent had the time to dig deeper into the subjects"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I adore animals. I have two German shepherds.", "I work at a local mall store.", "I like renovating and working on my house, which is unfinished. I like to reward myself with BBQ. I just finished renovating my house. I am planning a BBQ to celebrate. I love all kinds of BBQ foods.", "I love rock and soul music.", "I'm trying to learn to paint. I like painting people. I like painting black people. I like painting animals.", "My favorite rock star is Freddie Macquarie."], "partner_persona": ["I like animals. I consider myself a loving person.", "I am a painter. I am my own boss. I make music on the side.", "I rarely do BBQ. I try to be frugal in my life.", "I'm not good at grilling. I like pulled pork. I like coleslaw. I haven't barbecued pork in a long time.", "I am a musician. My band includes guitar, drums, banjo, and harmonica. My band plays a wide variety of musical genres.", "I can teach speaker 2 to paint. I don't paint people often. I often paint animals.", "I want dogs, but I'm too busy to look after them.", "I play in a rock band. My band has played a few Freddie Macquarie songs. My band features banjo and harmonica."], "current_conv": ["The barbecue went really well! It was great to have you there!", "It was really fun!  I am glad my band played as well.  We will have to learn some more songs for next time.  ", "You guys were so awesome! I hope you all can come another time. How about we make some tentative plans for next month?", "That sounds like a plan.  What songs would you like us to try to learn?  Any artist or band you want to hear?", "I do like Doobie Brothers. I know, I know old but you can't deny they have some great songs.", "\"listen to Music\" is one of my favorites!  I will definitely put them on the list when I talk to the band.  We like to keep things open and play as much variety as possible.", "I'm sure whatever you guys play will be enjoyable. I'm looking forward to visiting with you next week when you come over for the painting lesson.", "We can decide on the date and time during the lesson.  I think we will work on adding people to those landscapes we started last time.  Maybe even some animals to really round out the picture.  Anything you want to add?", "An indication of the weather in the painting would be nice. Maybe some storm clouds or something like that.", "That is a great idea.  One of the keys to painting is knowing when you have enough though.  Whether it is animals or people or clouds!  We just don't want things to look cluttered.", "True. I will just go with the flow. My dogs can't wait for you to come toss the ball for them. I think they are as excited to see you as I am!", "I really enjoy seeing them as well.  I think seeing them and playing with them keeps me from needing a dog of my own!"], "history_conv": [["Hey do you like animals?", "I guess so, I'm a very loving person. You?", "I absolutely adore animals. I have 2.", "What do you do for a living? I paint.", "I work in retail at my local mall... Unfortunately.", "That stinks, I love being my own boss..", "Dont be a show off. I am getting there. This is just a start.", "So, do you have any hobbies? I also make music on the side too.", "I like renovating and working on my unfinished house.", "That's cool. Sounds like a lot of work.", "It definitely is. But I enjoy it and reward myseld with a nice bbq.", "I don't usually bbq, I try and live as frugally as possible, its too expensive."], ["I finished up a major renovation on my house yesterday, and I decided to hold a get together with others to eat BBQ. You should come over, there will be plenty to eat. I was thinking of hosting the BBQ next weekend, sometime in the afternoon.", "Oh my. That does sound delicious! Who is grilling?! Like I said earlier, I am not the best at BBQ. LOL", "I'm grilling of course! What's your favorite BBQ food? I'll make sure to make plenty of it!", "I like pulled pork and coleslaw! My uncle used to make the BEST coleslaw. What's your fav?!", "Anything and everything, my friend. Pulled pork it is, and I'll do my best with the coleslaw, but do me a favor and don't compare it to your uncle's (unless mine is somehow better, then you can compare away. lol). All that's left is to figure out some entertainment. Would you be willing to perform some of the music you've made?", "Haha. No worries! I will not compare! I would love to perform a few songs. Is it okay if I invite a few friends to play with me?", "That would be more than okay! What instruments are we talking?", "Guitar, drums, banjo, and a little bit of harmonica!", "What a great ensemble! What genre of music do you play?", "A wide variety. What type would you like us to play?!", "Does anyone double as a singer? I love me some rock n roll and soul music.", "I can reach out to my cousin! She does great with vocals and has practiced with my friends and I before."], ["I just got a big pork shoulder to barbecue! You're going to love it!", "Oh that sounds so good! I haven't had barbecued pork for ages, I'm so bad at grilling!", "Well, it's something that can be learned just like I am trying to learn painting. You mentioned that you are a painter. Can I come for some lessons sometime?", "Of course you can! I'd love to teach you painting. What kind of things would you like to paint?", "I love to paint humans and animals. Most especially black people. They look so good in paintings.", "Oh yes so beautiful! I don't often paint people but I paint animals all the time. Remind me, what animals do you own nowadays?", "I have two dogs. They are both of the German shepherd breed.", "That's amazing, I'd love to have dogs but I just don't have the time to look after them. I'm too busy with my painting and music!", "I totally understand you. Looking after animals can be very stressful. What type of music do you mostly make with your band?", "We play a wide range of genres but lately we've been focusing on rock. You should come and see us sometime, you're into rock music aren't you?", "Yeah. I am totally in love with Freddie Macquarie. He's my favorite rockstar", "I agree he's amazing! We've done a few covers of his songs, it works surprisingly well on banjo and harmonica!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at the warehouse.", "I like the appearance of dropkick murpheys rock in boondock saints.", "I loved The departed.", "I could only do karaoke if I was drunk. After work, I enjoy a beer.", "I enjoy watching movies after work. I am looking forward to the movie sequel to The Departed.", "I prefer quiet pubs over noisy ones.", "I want to go see Dropkick Murpheys at Punk Rock Bowling with speaker 2."], "partner_persona": ["I sang punk rock at karaoke one night. I have done karaoke once. I drink alcohol.", "I like beer. I sometimes like whiskey drinks.", "I prefer draught over canned or bottled beer.", "I prefer loud pubs over quiet ones.", "I want to see the Dropkick Murpheys with speaker 1. I can't see Dropkick Murpheys because I have a shift at work.", "I have tried to get time off from work recently. I'm afraid of making my boss mad."], "current_conv": ["I talked to my friend Pete, and he said he'd be down for the show if you can't make it, so no worries if you can't.", "You know, I really wanted to go and I am so pissed at my boss. Every request I have put in lately has been denied and I am afraid he will just fire me if I keep trying. I hope you have fun though!", "Are you SERIOUS? They aren't letting you go? You put in for that time off request so long ago! That's seriously ridiculous. If I was you, I'd start looking for another job.", "Nope! I guess my boss doesn't remember what it's like to have fun. Maybe I should look into starting my own punk rock band, and you could be coming to my concerts one day!", "I've always wanted to sing for a punk rock band, but I don't know if I'm any good at singing. But then again, maybe that's exactly what it takes to sing punk rock lol!", "If you get some beer in ya and channel that punk spirit you will be just fine. Although since you like the quiet scene better it might not really be your thing.", "Eh, you're right about that. I do like the quiet scene... that is, until I've had like 5 or 6 beers in me. Then I feel like a totally different person lol. We should go to karaoke soon, I want to scream obscenities into a microphone.", "I have only been the one time, but it was so much fun I would love to go again! You know I love that kind of scene.", "Awesome. Well, I'm really sorry you can't make it to the Dropkick show, but next time they come around, promise that you won't let your boss decide whether you go or not! You're going!", "I can't argue with that, make sure to take plenty of pictures for me!", "Oh, I will. You'll be there in spirit. Do you want me to buy you any merch while I'm there? I can get whatever you want, as long as you pay me back later.", "I could wear a whole closet full of their stuff, but I think I'll save my extra money for some fine whiskey!"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you today?", "I am doing good and how are you.", "About to get off work at the warehouse and go get some za's you?", "I like to drink goes well with za.", "That and punk rock, dropkick murpheys rock!", "Yeah I sang them at karaoke one night.", "I like their appearance in boondock saints.", "I didn't know they had a cameo.", "Music in the opening credits, its culloden.", "Oh I know they play it a lot in that scorcese one.", "I love movies, im surprised im not sure which scorsese film.", "The departed with dicaprio and jack nickolson and damon.", "Oh yea! I loved it. It had good cinematography.", "I don't know about that."], ["Are you a good singer? Since you've done karaoke", "Oh, I've only done karaoke one time, so I don't think that drunken night was a good judgement of my singing abilities!", "Yeah, I think people who enjoy karaoke are either very brave or very drunk. How did you pick a song for your performance?", "I just flipped through the book and picked one I knew I could sing. Actually, the Dropkick Murpheys would be a good karaoke choice. Do you think you could ever get up there?", "Well, I would definitely need to be drunk. After I get off work, I like to have a glass of beer. Do you have a favorite drink?", "I prefer beer, or sometimes whiskey drinks. Are there any good pubs near your place?", "I am usually too tired for a pub and being social after work. Warehouse work is hard! So I usually buy a six pack at the grocery store and watch a good movie and drink a beer to relax. Have you tried any microbrews? They are pretty popular now.", "Yeah, but usually I prefer beer from the tap. There are some great pubs with microbrews on tap near my house.", "That's a good point. I don't think what comes out of a can or bottle can really compare to beer from a tap. I will have to check out one of your favorite pubs. Are there any that are more quiet? Or are they all loud?", "I usually aim for the loud ones...drown my sorrows both in booze and noise! So maybe not for you. See any good movies lately? Maybe another Scorcese?", "I haven't seen any good new ones, but I am excited because I hear they are going to make a sequel to The Departed. That should be great.", "Any news about who will be starring?"], ["Someone told me Dropkick Murpheys are playing at Punk Rock Bowling this year. If so, I definitely need to figure out how to get my hands on some tickets and airfare.", "You definitely should! That'd be awesome. It sounds like it could end up being pretty expensive though.", "I know, would you go with me if I buy tickets for both f us?", "I don't know.. I would feel too guilty. I'm not sure I could make it up to you.", "Oh, it is nothing. You can make it up to me by buying a beer or something!", "Wow, really? You such a great friend! When are they playing? I'd have to figure out my schedule.", "They are playing next Friday. It starts at 8pm, let me know if you can go. I would really love to go with you!", "Oh, you know I don't think I can go. I'm pretty sure I have a shift then. I'll have to see if I can get it covered.", "It is ok if you can't. I know how hard it is sometimes to get a day off.", "Do you have someone else you could go with? You know I'd really love to. I'll see what I can do.", "I don't, but I could ask around and see if someone is open for that Friday night.", "Okay,  I guess it's better if you do that. I think my boss would be pretty angry if I try to get time off again."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have kids. My oldest kid is 9 and  wants to be a drummer.", "I play instruments.", "I like iced cappucinos. I play the flute. I don't play the drums. The flute is favorite instrument to play.", "I'm teaching my kids to play musical instruments. My family is starting a family band.", "I drink coffee.", "I have a significant other who uses he/him pronouns.", "The first song I ever learned was \"Hot Cross Buns.", "We own a piano. My kids love popsicles."], "partner_persona": ["I love kids.", "I have a dog.", "I speak German.", "I like to paint.", "I like black coffee.", " I have nice memories of my dad helping me learn to play drums. I learned to play \"Hot Cross Buns\" on the recorder when I was six years old.", "I believe in rewarding kids as opposed to punishing them. I think cookies and puppies make good rewards."], "current_conv": ["My nine year old is starting drum lessons soon. He's very excited!", "wow, very good to hear that. I am sure that you will have one good member of the band soon. ", "Maybe! I will have to get used to hearing all the banging... Do you play any instruments other than the recorder?", "hehe agree with you. At the beginning it must be annoying, once he plays well you will love it. I can play some songs by guitar. But not good enough tho. Thinking one day I will take a class from you", "I love teaching, that would be fun. I look forward to it. What kind of dog do you have?", "Can you teach me piano? I am dreaming that I play the songs by piano. I have Golden retriever he is very good doggy", "I can teach piano. I know the basics. I am a better piano teacher than player. Awww, I bet he's adoreable.", "Nice. I am so happy to have a good teacher now. Any plan to have a dog?", "We've talked about it, but if the band takes off, I think it would be hard to care for it. So we are waiting to see what happens. Did you rescue him?", "Yes there are plenty job to do, but you will get more happiness from your pet. Def sometimes I have to do that. My dog is like my kid", "That's so amazing. I'm happy for you. ", "thank you. Btw how many kids do you have? All of them can play piano?"], "history_conv": [["Hey do you like kids?", "Hey love them but always seeing them where I live.", "I actually have kids... All of which are younger than 9! It is tough!", "I'm sure! I have my dog instead of kids.", "Do you speak any german?", "Yes, I travel for my sports so I have to know some german..", "Do you know how to say \"grown up\" in german? Tell me.", "I wish! I like to paint instead of know that kinda stuff.", "You could always google it for me and let me know ;). Do you like instruments?", "Kinda. My dog barks when I play.", "You play too? What do you play?", "I play drums with my paintburshes and drink coffee.", "Coffee is addicting. I like iced cappucinos. I play the flute.", "Nice!i like a black coffee."], ["I am teaching my kids to play instruments. We are going to start a family band.", "That is so cool!!! If you need any help with the drums, just let me know! My dad used to help me practice. I have such great memories of those days.", "Drums are an instrument I've never learned. I can play several but the flute is my favorite. I hope my kids enjoy it too.", "I'm sure they will. They have a great role model to look up to!", "I think it's going to take a lot of coffee to keep my patience up while teaching them though, lol.", "Haha! Is your significant other going to help you?", "He always does the best he can, but this is mostly my thing with the kids. Starting up a band with them will be so much fun.  Kids are great.", "They really are! Plus, like I said earlier, I am totally here to help and support you if you need it! You can be like the modern day Partridge Family!", "Oh goodness, that sounds so crazy!  It's nice having someone so supportive in my life that also loves kids", "Glad to hear it! That's what friends are for. So, what is your favorite beginner song to teach on the flute?", "I always think of the first song I learned, \"Hot Cross Buns.\"  It's sorta cheesey, but simple.", "I remember learning that on the recorder when I was 6! What a great choice!!!"], ["My oldest really wants to learn the drums. Can you recommend a decent but inexpensive beginner drum set for a 9-year-old?", "Well, I can't think of one off the top of my head but I'll check it out for you. How's the progress with the family band?", "Slow...I'm i'm like Paul McCartney in Wings here and they are just letting me down", "Haha, I guess it is hard to get the kids to take it seriously. But do they like playing music?", "Well they have enjoyed it, but if I hear chopsticks on the piano played poorly again i'm rolling it out the window", "Oh yeah, I bet that can be frustrating. Maybe you can offer them some reward or incentive for playing along  well.", "Well I guess I could withold their daily popsicle intake if they make mistakes, but that seems like an argument waiting to happen", "But instead of taking something away as punishment you could offer something more as a reward. Kids usually respond better to that.", "Hmm...I think if I let them have any more popsicles it borders on child abuse...we are walking a fine line now", "Maybe you could reward them with something other than popsicles. What about cookies or puppies?", "Cookies feels more of the same and I don't think I can train a puppy to play an instrument for the family band experience", "Some dogs seem to love music. I think it could work and the kids would love it, surely."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Mark.", "I am a college dropout.", "I work on cars. My girlfriend is pregnant. My girlfriend and I want the sex of our baby to be a surprise. The gender of the baby doesn't matter to me.", " I enjoy the outdoors.", "I bought a baby changing table from IKEA and having a hard time putting it together. Our baby is due next month. I can't wait to be a dad."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Ryan. I am going to college next year. I am interested in neuroscience.", "I work at a fast food restaurant. I work weekends.", "I have been in the boy scouts for years.", "I'm a student. My girlfriend and I are going to different colleges in different states.", "I have a car.", "I am not skilled at assembling furniture. I am good at working on cars.", "I want a girl child."], "current_conv": ["Have you been to visit your girlfriend lately?", "Unfortunately not - still need to plan a weekend to visit. How is your girlfriend feeling today?", "Much better. She wants to done being pregnant. It's pretty uncomfortable for her. It must be hard for you two to maintain a relationship being so far apart.", "Well she doesn't have long to go! Haha. It can be hard. I'm trying to work as many weekends as I can to pay for college so little time to plan a visit. She might be coming home next weekend though!", "Do you mean coming home for a visit or coming home to stay?", "Just to visit unfortunately. I'm scheduled to work Saturday night but at least I can see her in the morning and on Sunday.", "You could always call in sick...", "True! Haha. It's just fast food. Worst case they have to wait a few extra seconds for someone to cook their burger! I might just do that.", "Just don't through the drive thru for a late night snack! LOL", "LOL. I still can't believe you don't want to know what your baby is going to be. I could never wait to find out.", "I love the suspense! I can't wait to hold Faith or Fin. As long as it's healthy it's all good!", "True! Those are great names. Are they family names or just some you like?"], "history_conv": [["Hey! I'm mark, what's your name?", "Hey mark, I'm ryan, I am at school.", "Cool. I dropped out of college, too much partying.", "Oh I am going to college next year, I don't want to do that.", "Yeah, learn from my mistakes dude. Where do you want to go?", "Somewhere with a good neuroscience program.", "I know nothin about that, I know cars tho.", "Cool, do you sale or work on them?", "Work on them. My girlfriend is having our kid and I am saving up.", "Cool, I am saving the money from my job at fast food restaurant.", "That's the way to do it..", "Thanks, I am also trying to become an eagle scout.", "Nice, I hear that is hard..", "It is, been working on it for years."], ["Hey Ryan! I just got back from a doctors check-up with my Girlfriend. The pregnancy is going smoothly, fingers crossed it stays that way!", "Oh wow!  I hope so too.  When do you find out if it's a boy or a girl?", "We don't want to find out until the day of the birth! I will be happy with either a boy or a girl :)", "Don't you want a little Mark Jr?  I'll bet you could get him in the boy scouts and teach him all sorts of stuff.", "Oh yes, I would love that! Even if it is a girl, she will love the outdoors too!", "Does your girlfriend like the outdoors too?  I went on a hike with my girlfriend and she freaked out about snakes and stuff.", "Oh she loves it! That's how we originally connected. Most of our first dates involved hiking. Maybe if we did a double date on a hike, your girlfriend might feel a little more comfortable. Animals tend to stay away from larger groups.", "That would be cool, but I don't know if I can get her to. I'm afraid she's gonna break up with me because we've decided to go to schools in different states.", "You never know. Sometimes distance makes the heart grow fonder. Plus, with all of the modern technology available, it is much easier to stay connected with loved ones.", "I don't know dude.  Maybe you could help me get my car ready for some seriously long road trips.  That might make her think twice, lol.", "I can definitely try! Are you free this weekend?", "Man, I have to work.  Maybe I could drop it off with you before my shift?"], ["Since you're good with cars, any chance you're good with assembling furniture, too? I'm having an awful time putting together a baby changing table we picked up at IKEA last night.", "I have a poor skill in assembling furniture. Really wished I could with that. When is your girlfriend expecting to put to birth?", "Don't worry, I'm sure I will find someone to help! She's due next month, I'm so excited to be a dad!", "That's really great. What gender do you hope your child will come out as?", "I honestly don't mind the gender - I'd be so happy with a girl or a boy! I think my girlfriend is secretly hoping for a girl though. Do you want children when you're older?", "I definitely want children. A girl child would be so adorable.", "I hope you get to have a little girl some day! I guess it's not something you're planning at the moment, as your girlfriend lives in a different state?", "Yeah. We live in different states but I can always drive to where she is. I mentioned I have a car.", "It's great that you are still able to drive to see each other. Will you be going to the same college next year?", "I doubt. I'm in love with my school and she loves her school. Although we always communicate through virtual communication platforms.", "Well I dropped out of college so all I can say is good for you - I'm glad you are enjoying school!", "You dropped out? Why? Well at least you are really good with cars. That's an invaluable skill you know."]]}
{"your_persona": ["Chocolate vanilla swirl is my favorite ice cream. I eat ice cream often. I work in fast food restaurant.", "I plan on going to college next year. I'm going to go to the local community college for pre-med studies.", "I want to major in neuroscience. I'm almost an eagle scout. I think scouting is good for kids.", "I love camping. I volunteer at a research lab.", "I'm interested in working in medicine. I also want to work undercover for the CIA or FBI. I like a lifestyle of adventure and thrills."], "partner_persona": ["Vanilla ice cream is my favorite.", "I have children. I am too busy to go back to school. I want to get my kids into the scouts.", "I work in an office. We have a division tracking a dangerous serial killer in New York. I was promoted into a higher level division and given a classified case. I work in international affairs. I am a CIA agent. We are currently tracking a serial killer.", "I don't have an MBA. I went to community college for my bachelors. I transferred in my second year to university.", "I work long hours. I want to get my kids into scouting.", "I am in good physical shape. I have have training in jujitsu."], "current_conv": ["Have you gotten any closer to catching that killer?", "We have a good lead but there isn't much else I can say on the topic. We sent some agents to New Jersey - we think he's on the move.", "That's exciting. Leads are good. They will make a mistake eventually and then you will find him.", "Yeah, let's just hope no one else is harmed. How are the scouts going?", "Good good. Earning a lot of badges. I think it makes me well-rounded.", "That's great! I was a scout too and honestly it gave me great structure before college.", "That's good to hear. Sometimes I wonder if it's a waste of time, but I really enjoy the activities and the social aspect.", "Most of my job is social engagement - speaking to witnesses and coworkers. Really can't be understatated.", "That's true. I feel like so many people lack that because of the overuse of technology today. I'll be sad when my time in the Scouts is over. Maybe I can still volunteer. ", "Volunteering is great too - you already work at a lab. Just make sure you get something to do where you're paid! :-)", "That's true! I forget about paying bills and loans sometimes.", "You know there are paid internships across the country for local FBI and CIA locations. Ever think about applying? Would look great on any application or resume."], "history_conv": [["Hi do you like ice cream?", "I do vanilla is my favorite, how about you?", "I like chocolate and vanilla mixed. I work in fast food and eat it alot!", "Gotta watch how much you eat so you don't get sick! I work for the government.", "That's cool. I plan on attending college next year.", "What will be your major? My kids keep me too busy to go back to school!", "Neuroscience I am also in scouting. I am almost an eagle scout.", "Congrats! I am thinking of getting my kids into the scouts, do you enjoy it?", "I love it and camping! I also volunteer at a research lab.", "Sounds like a very busy life! Do you have any time for hobbies?", "Lol I always have time for ice cream.", "Of course! But do you have any time for sports, movies, or any other hobbies to relax?"], ["Did you have time to look into scouts for your children?", "No, not yet. Its been a hetic week at the office.", "Yeah? What's been happening at work?", "Alot is going on, we have one division tracking a dangerous serial killer loose around New York. And i just got promoted into a higher level division and i was just given a classified case.", "Sounds intense. I get stressed when someone mixes up the orders at the restaurant. I couldn't imagine what it's like going after serial killers.", "Yeah, now that i am working with international affairs its even more stressful", "At least the pay makes it worth it, right?", "Haha good one. CIA doesnt pay as well as you may think.", "No? Too bad. I always imagined the government organizations just threw money around at everything", "Well it has a a decent pay but i dont think its worth the danger i put my self through. Getting an MBA would allow me to earn more in a safer environment. What about you, have you found a good college for neuroscience yet", "I can't afford a good college. I'm going to go to the local community college for my pre-med. Hopefully I'll get a scholarship so I can afford something decent when I get into medicine.", "community college is so underrated, thats what i did for my bachelors than i transfered after my second year. Just be careful many people grow lazy in community."], ["Any updates on that killer that I should know about?", "I'm not allowed to say as it's classified information - but all I can say is you have no reason to be scared - we have the situation under control!", "That's really good. I feel much safer now. Are you able to live a normal life while working as a  CIA agent?", "It's long working hours but I manage to find time to spend with my kids in the evenings and weekends. That reminds me, I really want to get my kids into the scouts. Do you have any advice?", "I think getting them into the scout would be a good idea. It will help them get a sense of purpose I think. Can a neuroscientist work as a CIA agent?", "I agree. I'll definitely sign them up as soon as I can. I'd say that neuroscience would be a useful major to have if you want to be a CIA agent, but you'll need to take a specialist course afterwards as well. I thought you wanted to go into medicine?", "Yeah I wanted to go into medicine but I have also wanted to be an undercover agent for the FBI or the CIA or for some agency. The lifestyle and adventure thrills me. It must be thrilling for you, isn't it?", "It's really thrilling, especially when we have a high profile case like our current one. If you love adventure and thrills, I think it would really suit you. But you don't have to decide yet - you could still go either way with a neuroscience degree.", "I'll definitely think about it after having this conversation. Doesn't your work as a CIA agent endanger your family?", "There are a lot of privacy measures in place to make sure my family don't get endangered. We can never be completely sure, but I feel confident that they are safe.", "That's great to here. I bet you must have really good martial skill working as a CIA agent. Is that a mandatory drill all CIA agent must go through?", "We all have to go through physical fitness drills to make sure we are in good shape. Martial arts aren't mandatory but I have taken a few classes in jujitsu which have really helped."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I listen to 21 pilots.", "I work at a restaurant.", "I enjoy horror movies. I enjoy rock climbing.I like zombie movies.", "I'm taking a trip.", "I broke up with Heather.", "I like pizza."], "partner_persona": ["I listen to Bruno Mars. I have 2 daughters.", "I am a good painter.", "I am the Presidents assistant.", "I enjoy horror movies.", "I enjoy rock climbing.", "I like pizza and ramen. Ramen noodles is one of my favorite foods.", "I like zombie movies."], "current_conv": ["Have you painted anything interesting recently? ", "I have. I saw this sun beam come through my skylight the other day and it inspired me to to paint a new piece. It's like a sunburst.", "Oh my, that sounds absolutely beautiful! I am not very artistic myself. What kind of paint medium did you use? And, how long did the painting take you to complete?", "I like to use oil or watercolors. Both difficult to work with but I love the end result.", "Yes, it must be hard to use those types of paint, but I bet the end result was definitely worth it. Do your daughters ever paint with you? Do they have your same artistic talent?", "We have paint nights. We make it fun with snacks and music, and we just use that time to talk about things. It's a good bonding moment.", "That is fantastic, you are a great dad. How old are your daughters? I have read that when children participate in art projects at an early age, it helps to boost their language skills.", "One is 12 and the other is 6. They bring up the weirdest things to talk about. It's precious time though.", "Yes, kids do say the darndest things. Aside from creating your own art, do you ever take them to art museums to look at paintings? I don't know if that is something they would be interested in.", "We go to some local art fairs - they really enjoy the vibe. I think it's important for them to step away from technology. ", "Oh fantastic, I am sure that also expands their cultural knowledge and worldview.", "I hope so. That's what I want for them. "], "history_conv": [["Hey what is your fave band?", "Im into bruno mars, my 2 daughters always play his music.", "Ah that is sweet. I like 21 pilots/.", "Im actually painting some art for them. Im really good at it.", "Maybe you could commission something for the restaurant I work in?", "Lets do it. I am also an assistant to the potus..", "No way?! Is he as horrible as they claim?", "Could be. I watch a lot of horror movies with him. We love them.", "I love horror movies too! That and rockclimbing are tied.", "I love climbing also! But not as much as taking naps in the forest.", "Oh cool! Do you like walking?", "I do. I walk a lot with my two girls.", "That is great for bonding. You are a great parent.", "I am. Well gotta go take a nap before heading to the white house."], ["Have you seen the trailer for that new Zombie movie? It was just uploaded on Youtube and I'm so excited for it be in theaters! Come on man, wake up already so we can be hyped together!", "I can get get hyped for that. Do you know when it comes out?", "I think it comes out in like two weeks.  I might have to take the day off work.", "Wow, you must be very excited for this. I'm going to have to check that out soon. You want to try to see it on opening day?", "Definitely.  I've got my trip next weekend but other than that my schedule is totally open.", "Terrific. Should we grab lunch before or after?", "Why don't you meet me at my restaurant before and we can grab something on our way over.", "Sounds good to me. You don't want to just eat at your spot?", "Nah, the waitresses are being super lame right now.  I think they're mad that I broke up with Heather.", "Oof. That's a tough scene. What do you feel like instead? I always want pizza, but can do some ramen despite the heat.", "Pizza's good with me.  You're girls haven't made you eat too much of that lately?", "I feel fairly confident that it is impossible for me to have too much pizza. We should slide by the spot by the theater, yeah?"], ["Hey you still want to catch that zombie movie opening day?", "I would definitely love to. We could grab a pizza on that day together. How do you like your pizza?", "I love thin crust pizza with lots of toppings! Ahh I'm really in the mood for pizza now, I can't wait to grab pizza with you!", "Same here. Do you have pizza with Heather while the both of you were together?", "We used to have pizza all the time... but I don't want to talk about Heather. I'm still sad about the break up.", "I'm really sorry about that. The restaurant you work at, do they make pizza there?", "No, it's a ramen restaurant! You should visit sometime, I can get you a discount! You still love ramen right?", "\"Ramen\" The name is somewhat unfamiliar to me. Tell me about it please.", "Ramen noodles! I thought that was one of your favourite foods?", "Oh sorry! Yeah it is. I was thinking about something else. I'll definitely love to get some ramen at the restaurant you work at. You'll still be able to get me that discount right?", "No worries! Yep I can definitely get you a discount there! The restaurant is right next to a rock climbing place, so how about we go climbing together sometime and get food after?", "That'll be totally awesome! I'll bring some of my painting tools so I get a good picture of the scenery"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Cat.", "I am older. I have more than 11 siblings.", "I have friends who's relatives are in the army.", "I like horses, and spend a lot of time with them. I am friends with a horse trainer.", "I know how to ride a horse. I live near a beach. I want to go horseback riding on the beach.", "I am saving up to buy a new house. I work hard.", "I do not know a lot about skin cancer. I don't sunburn easily.", "My favorite ice cream flavor is mint chocolate chip."], "partner_persona": ["I am 27 years old.", "I have a dad who served in the army.", "I love reading. I read books about business.", "I like horses. I like chocolate ice cream.", "I work for a small business. I don't spend a lot of time at the beach.", "I would like to get a new house.", "I do not love my job.", "I am interested in horseback riding on the beach.", "I sunburn easily.", "I have a mother who has had skin cancer.", "I have a mom with skin cancer in the hospital. I pray and go to church.  I am sad about my mom's condition.", "My favorite ice cream flavor is vanilla."], "current_conv": ["I'm still craving ice cream since our last conversation. I think you put me in the mood for vanilla! Why don't we plan our horseback riding beach day for next weekend?", "Chocolate and horse riding on the beach - any better combination? It would be nice to get away. Sunday afternoon work for you?", "That's perfect! I have some errands to run on Saturday. It'll be nice to relax on Sunday and do something for me! I'll bring the sunscreen!", "I meant ice cream and not chocolate - just craving sugar I guess! Can you get your friend who trains horses to come too? I'm a bit rusty and could use the help.", "Absolutely! She'd love that. I feel like she doesn't have any 'girl' time so this is perfect. Maybe we could get a drink after.", "This is sounding like a fantastic day! I'd like an Island Breeze... my go to on a nice beach day.", "Ahhh - that sounds delicious! I usually get Long Island Ice Tea, a few of those and it's an epic day. We should do days like these regularly.", "We should! Every few weeks. Long Island Iced Tea's are dangerous hahaha! Once you get 2 in you don't realize you should stop!", "That's so true! They go down so easy. I wish they weren't so delicious! But I could say that about sweets as well.", "I'm going to need to work out all next week to make up for this weekend! A ton of sugar and spice and everything nice.", "Same here! But it'll be worth it. It's good to treat yourself every once in a while.", "Yeah. Things have just been so hectic here with my mother. I can't remember the last time I had a day away."], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is cat.", "Hi cat! How are you? I'm 27.", "I am very old, I have lots of brothers and sisters, over 11.", "I love fun! My dad served in the army.", "I know a few people who are related to army people.", "We moved around a lot which wasn't fun but I developed a love for reading.", "I like horses and always spend time with them to relax.", "I love horses. Do you ride? I love chocolate ice cream, thats how I relax :).", "Yes I ride on the beach near me.", "Oh nice! The small business I work for doesn't let me get to the beach much.", "That is mean. I want to have a new house so saving up now.", "I need a new house too but it'll take me awhile."], ["What's the most recent book you've read?", "It's a book about how to grow a small business.  I need to help the owners bring in some new clients.", "Interesting! I admire your dedication to your job!", "I don't love it, but I need it in order to get that house.", "I hear you on that! I am working my butt off trying to save up for mine! I am grateful it is almost summer time and tourist season at the beach.", "Hey, do they have horseback riding down the beach near you?  I might be convinced to give the sun another shot if I could do that.", "Yes!! They do! I am friends with one of the trainers. Just let me know when you can make a trip down and I will schedule a ride with her.", "That would be great!  I'm going to try and get away from work in a couple weeks, before it gets too hot out.", "Great idea! Thankfully, there is usually a breeze by the water. It still gets hot though! Make sure you bring a hat and sunscreen!", "Yes, for sure!! You know me, if I don't put on gobs of sun screen, I turn into a tomato.", "Yikes!! Sunscreen is great for everyone!! The sun can be so powerful and skin cancer is no joke.", "Oh I know!  My mom already has had to have some removed twice."], ["I spoke with my friend, the horse trainer, about someone I know being interested in riding horses on the beach.", "You must be going through a lot right now. How do you feel?", "I'm doing okay, I'm just busy with work as I'm trying to save up to buy a new house! How are you doing? Is your mom recovered from her skin cancer now?", "I'm sorry. I read \"spoke\" as \"broke up\" in your last message. An honest mistake on my part. No, she's still in the hospital. I feel so sad about it. Can someone recover from having skin cancer?", "That's okay, a mistake easily made! I'm so sorry to hear that she's still in hospital. I don't know a lot about skin cancer, but surely it's possible to recover? I will keep my fingers crossed for her and I really hope she makes a full recovery!", "Thanks. I usually go to church to pray for her. I really hope she recovers. I don't want to talk about that anymore. It makes me sad.", "Of course, let's talk about something else. Do you still fancy going horseback riding on the beach? We could definitely go together.", "I would definitely love that but I'll have to get a sunburn protection lotion as I sunburn easily. Any recommendations?", "I don't sunburn easily so I don't really know which sunburn lotion is the best sorry - I just use the cheapest one from the supermarket! You'll definitely need it though, it gets hot on the beach. We will definitely need ice cream too!", "Yeah, we'll definitely need to get some ice cream. What's your best flavor?", "My favourite is mint choc chip - how about yours?", "I'll go to the end of the world for Vanilla."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like animals more than I like humans.", "I live a nomadic lifestyle.", "I am a coffee expert. My favourite coffee is Starbucks. I like iced coffee.", "I like running and hiking. I ran a half-marathon.", "I may be in Seattle area soon.", "I have one young Husky and one older male German Shepard.", "I have a wife.  Me and my wife hike a lot."], "partner_persona": ["I am from England. ", "I like vanilla creamer in my coffee. I like iced coffee.", "I live in the Seattle area. I enjoy hiking. I love living in Seattle.", "I have an older Irish wolfhound dog. I had a Husky as a kid. I love dogs. I love German Shepherds.", "I love running."], "current_conv": ["Me and my wife are planning a hike for when we visit.", "Sound fun! Do you have any particular hikes in mind or are you still researching?", "We are still researching but if you have any suggestions, please pass them along! ", "Discovery Park is nice. I was just there with a friend this past weekend. It's not super challenging, though.", "Okay, we will look into it. Any easy hike sounds nice to get us started. So do you miss England at all?", "Some days I miss it a lot, but more my family than England... The weather in Seattle isn't too different. lol Lots of drizzle and cloudy skies. Where are you from?", "I live in California, so we get a lot of sun but I do enjoy the rain especially because we don't get too much of it. ", "You're in for a treat when you visit then! Don't forget your umbrellas and/or raincoats. I'm a bit tired of the rain myself but the area is so gorgeous overall that I'm not planning to move in the foreseeable future.", "I can understand getting tired of the rain especially if it keeps you inside. So have you thought about getting a dog? I know you said you love german shepards.", "I would love to get a German Shepherd! I'm not sure if I have enough time to train a puppy right now, though. Would you say it was easier to train your Husky or your German Shepherd?", "The german shepherd was much easier to train. The husky's energy is unmatched so it really takes a while for him to calm down, he is very young too.", "Ah, that makes me somewhat more optimistic about me being able to train a German Shepherd puppy. I already have an older dog (Irish Wolfhound) but I don't think he'll be too interested in the new puppy. It's like he just can't be bothered with other dogs these days. How is your German Shepherd getting along with your Husky?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I prefer to spend time with animals over humans but I guess we can chat for a bit.", "Hi, yes, let's chat. Where are you from?", "I'm kind of a nomad, I tend to hike and camp out wherever. You?", "Originally from england, now live in seattle.", "Ah, seattle. I'm kind of an expert on coffee.", "Really? What is your favorite coffee?", "That would be starbucks and I enjoy brewing it in different ways.", "Do you add creamer? I like vanilla creamer in mine.", "I do, I like a nice iced coffee while engaging in leisure activities..", "Yes, iced coffee is tasty on a hot summer day.", "It is, I like it after I go for a run or hike.", "Do you have family? Children?", "My dogs are my family.", "What breeds are they? How many?"], ["I've been on the move a lot lately and might find myself in the seattle area soon. You feel like meeting up if I find myself in your neck of the woods?", "Absolutely! Are you planning to bring your dogs? I could find some great hiking trails that are pet-friendly for us to explore", "For sure, taking the dogs on a hike would be great. Do you have any dogs?", "I do have one, he's a nine-year-old Irish wolfhound. He's huge but very gentle and he loves hanging out with other dogs.", "He sounds wonderful! I have an 11 year old German Shepard and a 1 year old Husky.", "Oh wow, you must deal with a lot of shedding in the house! Do you have to vacuum every day?", "Most every day haha, the German Shepard really sheds a bunch if I don't brush her often.", "We had a Husky when I was a kid and she shed everywhere, all the time. It was a lot of grooming work but she was the sweetest dog. Do your dogs do well with all the travel you do?", "Somewhat, I have my neighbor watch them for me, but she tells me they miss me a lot. We should meet up for coffee and let the dogs get to know each other.", "Absolutely. There are a lot of Starbucks around here and most of them have patios so we could sit outside", "I do like Starbucks!! Maybe this next weekend if you're available?", "I have to take the dog to the vet on Saturday morning for a check-up but otherwise, I'm free"], ["How do you like living in Seattle compared to England?", "I definitely love seattle. The people here are just amazing.", "I'm so glad to hear that because I'm planning to be in the Seattle area soon! My wife and I are planning a trip there.", "That's really awesome. I love to meet up with you and your lovely wife. When will you be arriving?", "Probably next month sometime but we haven't finalised the date yet. I'd love to meet up with you! We are planning to bring our dogs too - are you okay with dogs?", "I definitely love dogs. Most especially German Shepherds. I'm definitely okay with you bringing your dogs. I hope they get along with my Irish wolfhound dog.", "That's great! My older dog is a German Shepherd so I think you will love him. I also have a young husky. They are really friendly so I'm sure they will get along with your dogs! Maybe we can go for some hikes together?", "That'll be totally great. Your wife loves hiking too, doesn't she?", "She loves it! We go for a lot of hikes everywhere we visit. I'm also a fan of running but my wife isn't, so I run on my own.", "I love running too. We have so much in common! What's the longest distance you've ran?", "I ran a half-marathon once! Fuelled by coffee of course. But usually my runs are a lot shorter. I hope there are some good coffee places in Seattle?", "Yeah, there's one a few blocks away from where I live. They make the best iced coffee."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I was raised in Mexico. I spent a lot of time in the water growing up.", "I live in California. I am a construction worker.", "I have twin daughters. They want a dog. My youngest daughter is Amanda. Daughter Amanda wants to get a Pomeranian dog. I'm scared of German Shepards.", "I have been swimming in the Rio Grande and Colorado rivers. My wife has scuba dived before. I love spending time in water.", "I have family in Mexico.", "I regularly speak to my neighbors. My community has a neighborhood watch. They are 7.", "I have a wife. She was born in the United States. She has gone to Mexico before."], "partner_persona": ["I am going on a trip to Hawaii soon. I have been to Hawaii three times.", "I am recently divorced.", "I used to be a Marine stationed in Hawaii. I love to scuba dive.", "I have two pet snakes called Bert and Ernie. I have snakes that eat mice.", "I don't like little dogs. I think big, protective dogs are great for families.", "I live in Oklahoma. My family is from Oklahoma. I'm going to Hawaii on vacation. I was married before. I would like to go scuba diving.", "I speak to neighbors often. I have a sister."], "current_conv": ["What type of snakes do you have?", "Bert is a Cape House Snake and Ernie is a Dekay's Brown snake. They are both great snakes for beginners and very friendly actually! Do you like snakes?", "I don't actively dislike them, but I don't think I can really say that I like them either. I think I just don't know enough about them to have a solid opinion. Do yours require a lot of care?", "Not really. I have to feed them twice a day and I sometimes take them out of their enclosure and let them enjoy nature, while I clean their homes. In my opinion they require less care than a cat or a dog. Have you ever owned a pet? ", "Just small dogs when I was younger, nothing exotic. I'm surprised they eat so often, I thought that a snake's digestion takes a long time. I bet it is interesting to watch them eat!", "It is very interesting! They are very curious animals so it's nice to watch them explore their surroundings especially when I let them out of their homes. What breeds of dogs did you own?", "Mostly mutts, my family liked to rescue from shelters. I'd rather rescue another than pay for the pomeranian that my daughter wants, but I'm still doubtful about her ability to take care of a pet at her age. When you let the snakes out, do they move quickly? Or do they mainly stay in one area so that they're easy to catch?", "They mainly stay in one area. They are very curious but they are also extremely shy, so they don't venture too much. It's tricky when they hide behind things, but I built a nice area for them in my back garden where there is only grass, so I can keep an eye on them. ", "Do you feel that they have distinct personalities? ", "They do actually! Ernie is a smaller breed and he is calmer and much easier to handle. Bert can get angry sometimes. He tried to bite me once, but since he is also a small breed their bite isn't that dangerous. Would you every consider getting a pet snake? They can be really fun!", "I don't know if I'm quite ready for snakes yet, but I love that they have such interesting personalities! Is Ernie actually affectionate? Or just calm and tolerant?", "He does enjoy being pet sometimes. He is very unbothered by anything, so he doesn't care if you pick him up or move him around. He's a very chilled out guy! I'm sure you would like him."], "history_conv": [["Hi. What have you been up to today?", "Getting ready for my trip to hawaii. I've been there three times but, still can't get enough.", "That sounds like fun. Are you going for business or pleasure?", "Pleasure, I recently got a divorce so I need some me time.", "Sorry to hear that, but good job doing something for yourself!", "I was a marine and was stationed in hawaii. Love to scuba dive.", "Me too. I was raised in mexico so I spent a lot of time in the water.", "Wow, mexico. Do you live in the united states now?", "Yeah, california. I work in construction here.", "Any pets? I have two snakes bert and ernie.", "Nope, just twin daughters. That's enough for me.", "I guess so, how old are they. I'll bet they're cute."], ["What about your snakes? I'll bet THEY are cute! Do they eat live mice?", "I usually use frozen, but they take live when I'm able to get them.", "Wow I didn't realize there was such a thing as frozen mice! Are they cheaper to buy that way?", "yeah, it's easier to buy in bulk.  Have you thought about getting any pets for your girls?", "My twin girls have been begging me to get a dog, but I'm not sure they're prepared to do the work involved in taking care of it. My youngest girl, Amanda, really wants to get a Pomeranian dog.", "Meh, little dogs are the worst!  You need something big and protective, like a German shepherd or a Great Pyrenees.  Those are great for families.", "German Shepards are really scary to me. If they wanted to, they could really hurt someone, especially my young girls. When I lived in Mexico, Chihuahuas and Mexican hairless dogs were quite popular.", "You're way more likely to get bit by a Chihuahua than a German Shepherd.  They're great family dogs.  But I understand being cautious with the kids.  Maybe start with something easy, like fish!", "I certainly won't be buying any snakes! I had some close calls with sea snakes when swimming in the Rio Grande and Colorado River back home. Have you gone scuba diving lately, or will you be doing that when you go to Hawaii?", "Not lately, too land locked here in Oklahoma.  But the next trip I'll be sure to get tons of diving time in.", "I've never been scuba diving, but I bet you get to see some fascinating stuff underwater. Will this Hawaii vacation be the first without your ex-spouse?", "No, I was there with the Marines before I met her.  We got married there but then moved back to the mainland when I got out."], ["I just booked tickets to Mexico this summer. I want to surprise the twins.", "That's amazing! Have they been to Mexico before? I bet they will love it! I'm going to Hawaii again this year.", "No, they have never been there. They have several cousins there they haven't met. That's good for you. We both are going to back to our roots in a way.", "That will be great for them to meet their cousins! Yes I see what you mean! I miss working in Hawaii but it's great to visit there often. The only problem is finding someone to look after the snakes while I am away!", "I think it would be a great idea to bring a dog back from Mexico for my girls to keep. I bet it would be hard to find someone to look after snakes. Some of my neighbors have already told me if I ever get a dog, they'd be happy to look after it if I ever need someone to do that.", "A dog is a great idea! What breed of dog are you hoping to get? I'd recommend a big protective dog like a German Shepherd. It's great that your neighbours would be happy to look after it! My neighbours hate snakes so I have to get my sister to look after them.", "Maybe a Chihuahua. I don't think I need a big protective dog. My neighborhood has a community watch organized, so my house is safe. That's nice of your sisters. My daughters are both 7 years old. I am excited because they are still relatively young enough to absorb some of my native culture and language.", "I don't like little dogs, but you have to do what's best for you! I can imagine how excited they are! Is your wife from Mexico too?", "No, she was born in the United States. This won't be her first time going there. Are any of your parents or relatives from a different country?", "No my family is all from Oklahoma. I wish I had relatives from a different country because it would be a good excuse to visit! I'd love to visit the coast more often and go scuba diving - that's one thing I can't do in Oklahoma!", "I am looking forward to scuba diving in Mexico. My wife has scuba dived before. I also want to bring my daughters to some archaeological sites while we are there. Also, I want to get them some t-shirts. My wife already has a few from previous visits.", "It sounds like you have a lot planned out for your trip to Mexico! I remember you love spending time in water. Have you been swimming in any more rivers lately?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have ferns and roses. I like the smell of fresh plants.", "I have a sister who is married. I like John Grisham's books. I don't like scary books or movies.", "I am a cashier at McDonald's. I have worked at McDonald's for 2 years.", "I went to visit my sister and her husband last weekend.  I had a fun weekend. I visited a sunflower farm last weekend with my sister.", "I like playing chess and reading. I like reading John Grisham books. I have read the book \"Before the Fall\"."], "partner_persona": ["I have a sister and a brother-in-law.", "I have been working at McDonald's for 10 years.", "I like John Grisham's books. I don't like scary movies.", "I buy roses every week. I like to grow roses.", "I like calming and refreshing smells.", "I like ferns.", "I am a cashier and a drive thru manager at McDonald's. I have worked at McDonald's for 10 years.", "I like to read and garden. I also fish and watch football."], "current_conv": ["I just made an Audiobook account, maybe that is something to consider in your busy day-to-day", "That might not be a bad idea. What book have you downloaded so far?", "I'm working my way through the \"Sooley\" by Grisham. The reading of \"The Mist\" by Stephen King is fantastic too.", "That King book is definitely too scary for me. Does it cost money? How much is it?", "You pay $5 a month. You do get one book free a month so the value is there for the subscription. The books vary", "That would be good for me to listen to while I garden. Thanks again for the idea. Got any cool plans coming up?", "Nothing yet - I might try and go into the city for some shopping to change things up. One week country, one city.", "I wish I had time for some of that. They've got me working 70 hours next week.", "Wow! Overtime must be nice but that's not sustainable. What do you do to take time for yourself besides gardening?", "Well, over the summer I still do my fishing. but in a few months football is finally back!", "I know! I hope the Jets have a decent year, but there is zero indication they well.", "Zach Wilson might be good! At least maybe they would be worth watching."], "history_conv": [["Heya. Just finished planting my ferns and roses. Nice snell. What's up?", "I just finished talking to my sister and her husband.", "Nice I have a sister and she's married too. They like john grisgam novels like me.", "I have been employed at mcdonald's for 10 years.", "Cool. That's crazy I work there too..", "John grisham books are great to read.", "They are. Sometimes they are scary though. I don't like scary stuff. Like horror movies.", "I do not like stay movies either.", "We seem like we have a lot in common lol.", "I buy roses every week.", "Because they smell great... Am I right lol.", "The smell is calming and refreshing.", "Sure are. Plus I bet you love ferns to like me...", "Cool I do like term mixed with my rose bouquet."], ["What do you do at McDonald's?", "I work as a cashier and a drive thru manager.", "That's great! How did you get to be a manager? I am still only a cashier", "When you work at McDonald's for ten years, you learn just about everything about the restaurant which makes you more inclined to be a decent manager!", "That makes sense! I have only been there for 2 years. I admire your accomplishments!", "Thank you! How is your sister doing?", "Oh she is doing wonderful! Thanks for asking. I just went to visit her and her husband last weekend. I had such a good time.", "Oh, that's awesome to hear! What did you guys end up doing together?", "We visited a local sunflower farm/field! They were almost twice as tall as me! You should check it out! It's not far from the outlet malls.", "Holy cow that sounds incredible! Did there happen to be any nice rosebushes in the area? If the sunflowers are as incredible as you describe, I can only imagine the roses that could be grown! I'll definitely need to check it out soon!", "You know what? I did notice a few bushes along the fence line near the parking lot! I was just so distracted by the crazy amount of sunflowers that I almost forgot!", "I'm going to have to go there now! Because just imagining the refreshing smells that would come from the roses and the view of the sunflowers makes me antsy to check it out!"], ["As a manager at McDonald's can you give me some tips about how to get promoted?", "A big part of it is a willingness to show initiative. Volunteering to do things that everyone else can't be bothered with and taking an interest in the business as a whole can really line you up for a promotion in your boss's eyes.", "wow does a really good one. i never thought of it. I'll do more volunteering now. How do you like being a drive thru manager at McDonald's?", "It can be difficult managing other people sometimes. You never know what to expect, especially when people come and go so quickly in this line of work. You've really got to stay on your toes when it comes to how you deal with people. Sometimes no matter what you do, there's no good answer. But I try to make the most of it and enjoy myself each day. It's important not to let yourself get burned out.", "I totally understand you. What do you do with your spare time whenever you are not working?", "I do some reading and gardening here and there, much like you. I also like to watch football and go fishing. Do you have any other hobbies?", "I like playing chess but I mostly spend my time reading John Grisham's books. You said you love reading his books, didn't you?", "Yes, although I haven't had a chance to look at any in a decently long time now. Do you have any suggestions?", "Yeah, try reading \"Before the fall\". Really interesting.", "My sister gave me that for my birthday a couple of months back, but I hadn't gotten around to it yet. Maybe I'll give that one a try soon then."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I prefer playing video games than reading.", "I am 24 years old. I work at Best Buy. I used my employee discount at Best Buy to buy a laptop for gaming. I have a gaming laptop that I bought on display for 30% off. I have a 20% employee discount.", "I don't have any family members in the military.", "Chocolate is my favorite flavor of ice cream.", "Alistar is my favorite champion.", "I would like a 9-5 job. I wish I worked at a smaller company.", "I have been playing a lot of fortnite.", "My dad was also in military prior to my birth. He traveled a lot and was stationed in Germany.", "I spend most of my time playing video games. I want a 9-5 job."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy reading.", "I am 27 years old.", "Chocolate is my favorite ice cream flavor too. I do not play league of legends. I love Fortnite. I love playing pubG.", "I work for a very small business. I have a college degree in marketing. I work for a mom and pop advertising agency. I have plenty of time to relax and read in the evenings.", "I am friends with the business owners and they treat me very well. I get paid time off, a holiday bonus, and health insurance. I'm too old for my parents' policy.", "My father was in the military prior to my birth. My dad did not pressure me to enlist.", "I love chocolate ice cream."], "current_conv": ["I've started applying for some office jobs, I need to escape from Best Buy!", "That is great news! I am so happy to hear that you are working towards leaving Best Buy. I know how much you disliked it. What kind of jobs are you applying for?", "I would like to work at a small company like you do.  Since most of my skills are just in the retail sector, I am not sure.  I like using computers so maybe some sort of computer work?  Do you have any suggestions?", "If you would like, I can put in a good word for you at the advertising agency that I work for. We are always having trouble with our computers. Maybe they would be open to creating some sort of IT position. I can't guarantee it but it is worth a shot, right?!", "That would be great! Do you know what kind of computer systems they use?", "I think that we use Windows 10 at my work. Is that a system that you are familiar with? ", "Yes I am.  I will need to update my resume, but I really appreciate your offer.  Any kind of job with your company I would be interested in learning more about.  Getting into a company like yours where you have set hours and good benefits is important for me.", "I feel that the tech knowledge that you gained form Best Buy and your personal interest in gaming systems will make you a great candidate for IT. I will also reach out to some of our partners and clients to see if they have any tech positions open for you. ", "Thank you!  I don't want to oversell myself too much though.  I don't have programming experience, I am just good with computers so maybe a regular office job would be better.", "Okay, I will keep that in mind. A 9-5 job with full benefits is the end goal, regardless of what the work will be. Have you heard back from any of the places that you have applied to so far?", "Not yet.  I don't know when I should follow up with them.  But yes, full benefits and a regular work schedule are key.  Could I send you my resume too look at after I have update it?", "Absolutely. I would love to take a look at it. Can I have your permission to forward your updated resume to some of my colleagues? "], "history_conv": [["Good afternoon, what are you up to?", "Good afternoon. I am reading, that enjoy..", "Okay I play more video games than read.", "How old are you. I'm 27 years old.", "24.. Do you work? I work at best buy.", "Any of your family in the military, my father was in it.", "Oh nice, no military in this family.", "Do you love ice cream it do.", "Chocolate is my favorite. Do you play league of legends?.", "Chocolate is my favorite too. No I do nto play league..", "Alistar is my favorite champion but u may not understand that then lol.", "Do you work for a busines.", "Best buy. Just used my discount on a new laptop for gaming.", "Okay I work for a very small business."], ["How was work today? What is the business you work for? I don't think I ever caught that detail.", "Since I got my college degree in marketing, I work for a mom and pop advertising agency that designs ads for clients. I like it since it's basically a 9-5 job, so I have plenty of time to relax and read during the evenings.", "I would like a 9-5 job so that I always knew my schedule. Are you close with the business owners since it is a small company?", "We are very much like friends and they treat me very well. I get paid time off, a holiday bonus, and health insurance, which is great since I'm too old to be on my parents' policy now.", "That is nice that they offer the benefits even though they are a small company. I work at Best Buy and sometimes I wish I worked at t smaller company because I feel it would be a more close experience.", "You get that great employee discount, though! How much did you save on that gaming laptop you bought from Best Buy?", "Yes, the employee discount is nice. I should take that into consideration. I was able to buy an open box one, which they had on display, so it was marked 30% off, then I also go my 20% employee discount. I would not have splurged otherwise!", "You made out like a bandit on that deal! What video games have you been playing?", "I have been playing a lot of fortnite. So you said your family was military. Did you travel around a lot?", "\"Fortnite\" seems to be really popular among young people these days. No, we didn't travel, since my father completed his military service before I was born.", "Yes, Fortnite really is. Oh, there is something else we have in common (besides chocolate ice cream) my dad was also in the military before I was born. He travelled a lot. I know he was stationed in Germany for a stretch.", "Does he like to talk about being in the military? My dad goes on and on about it sometimes. He's never pressured me to enlist, though."], ["I just bought the biggest tub of chocolate ice cream.", "Really, did you enjoy it?", "I haven't eaten it yet but I know it's going to be amazing, I love chocolate ice cream so much! Do you want to come round later and share it?", "I would love to. I definitely love chocolate ice cream.", "Great, come round later and we can eat ice-cream and play some video games, if you're up for that? I just bought a new laptop for gaming!", "Awesome! Have you installed any game yet?", "Yes, I've installed fortnite and I've been playing it all week! Do you play any video games?", "I love fortnite. I usually love playing pubG. The game is just really engaging and amazing.", "That's great, I didn't know you played pubG! I thought you were more of a reading person. I guess you have a lot of time off from your job so you have time for both!", "I usually play it during your spare time. What do you do during your spare time?", "I play video games most of the time. To be honest, sometimes I get bored with the amount of spare time I have. I really want a 9-5 job to keep me busy. What's it like working at an advertising agency?", "It's great! You'll learn a lot. It also increases your creativity and it gives you a better understanding of human psychology and the patterns humans follow. You'll learn a lot everyday."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm a mother. I'm in my mid-40s.", "I work in real estate.", "I'm a movie fan. My favorite film is Fight Club.", "I have a son who is 5. I have a daughter who died last year when she was 12. I have a husband. I stay home with my sons. I do not have a daughter.", "I watched The Fifth Element.", "I also garden with my son. I read to my son."], "partner_persona": ["I am a mother. I am 30 years old. I have two sons. My sons are 10 and 7.", "I do not work.", "I like romantic movies. My favorite film is The Notebook. I have never seen The Fifth Element. I like romance movies.", "I like to garden with my sons. I used to read to my sons but they have grown out of it now."], "current_conv": ["Are your sons into comic books, that could be something you could read together?", "They have seen all of the marvel movies, but never read the books. That is a great idea - I will try that!", "You should try it out for sure! I think they would really like that. My son also loves the Marvel movies although he is probably too young to actually know what's going on LOL", "Has he seen fight club yet? Might not be ready for that at his age!", "Haha no he hasn't seen that yet. Definitely too young! But I know he would probably love it. He likes action type movies. How did the gardening go today? Any new blooms?", "We have had so much rain that everything is blooming and beautiful! It is so cheerful in my garden.", "That's awesome! Must be so pretty, you'll have to send me a picture one of these days. What kind of flowers and plants do you have?", "I have dandelions, lillies and sunflowers. They are bright, bold, and healthy! I will email you a picture this afternoon.", "That sounds lovely. I would like to start a garden but I do not have a green thumb. What are the easiest to grow in your opinion?", "Lilies are a great starter flower. They are okay in all weather and require very little attention. I am happy to guide you!", "Ok great. Thank you! I need all the help I can get so I might be bugging you often for advice! ", "Bug away! I am so happy to help!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm a mom in my mid forties.", "Hi, I'm a fellow mother. 30 years of age.", "What do you do for work, I'm in rental real estate.", "I'm a stay at home mother. I like to cook healthily for my children.", "That's nice. What kind of things do you like to do for fun?", "I like watching movies mainly, what about you?", "Me too! I'm a big movie fan.", "Great, whats your absolute favorite film?!", "It's probably fight club. Weird I know..", "That's a deep movie, I like more romantic films like the notebook.", "A romantic huh? How many kids do you have?", "I have 2 little boys, what about you?", "A son and daughter both older.", "That's nice. Very nice to meet you!"], ["I saw a great movie yesterday, and I have to tell you about it.", "That's awesome!  What was it called?", "The Fifth Element. I've never seen it before but it was GREAT.", "I've never seen that one.  What's it about?", "It's a science fiction adventure. It's been out for years. I hadn't watched it before because it looked campy. And it kind of is. But it is also hilarious and exciting. Do you like Bruce Willis?", "I haven't seen a lot of his stuff, since he isn't in a lot of romance movies.  My sons like the old movie, Over the Hedge.  He does a voice in that, lol.", "How cute! He plays the strong silent type in this movie. His one word responses are hilarious. AND this movie has a great romance line in it. Perfect woman. Imperfect man. Match made by fate in the heavens. I really think you would like it even though the romance isnt the sweet and mushy type.", "Maybe I'll have to get my husband to watch it with me on date night.  Sounds like something he would like.", "I think you both will like it, because of taking itself seriously like some sci-fi, it has a lot of humor. And what's the last movie you've watched?", "The boys had me watch Cars for like the hundredth time this week.  I'm so sick of it.  I wish I could watch more things for myself, but since I'm home all day with the, I don't get the chance.", "Kids grow so fast. I know you will look back on these days with so much joy. With my kids it was Beauty and The Beast. I bet you could quote all of Cars at this point.", "Probably in my sleep.  Did you like Beauty and the Beast?  I wish I had a daughter to watch the princess movies with."], ["What did you and your sons do today?", "We did a bit of gardening together, did some chores around the house, and tried out a new Thai restaurant.", "Sounds like a nice, relaxing day! How old are your sons?", "One of them is 10 and the other is 7. How about your children?", "My son is 5 and my daughter is forever 12. She died about a year ago.", "I'm so sorry to hear that. I can't imagine what that must have been like.", "It's terrible. I'd do anything or pay any price to get her back.", "Well we don't have to talk about it if you're not comfortable with it. Are there any activities you like to do with your son, like I do gardening with my boys?", "Yeah, we do some gardening, but he gets bored quickly. Sometimes I read to him. We both like that.", "That really brings back memories of when I used to read to my boys. One day they had just grown out of it and I had to think of other ways to spend time with them. But I'll always treasure the nights we spent reading together.", "You can always suggest it to them again! My daughter and I had a several year period where we didn't read together too, but we picked it back up again the year before she passed.", "I'll have to think about that. I wonder what kind of books I could read to them that they'd enjoy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I do not have pets. I foster dogs.", "I do software solutions for technology companies.", "I love raccoons but I have only seen wild ones. I have to raccoon proof my garbage.", "I went to a pet store yesterday. I saw a bearded dragon for the first time.", "I hear a raccoon fighting with a cat in my neighborhood."], "partner_persona": ["I have a bearded dragon as pets who eats crickets and worms.", "I am a zoo keeper.", "I have a brother who owns a grocery store.", "I have a raccoon who eats dog kibble, fish and eggs among other things. My raccoon is named Bandicoot.  He is 3 years old, and my 7 month old bearded dragon is named Bob. I have had Bob for 1 month.", "I work at a raccoon cafe with bandicoot. My raccoon was a rescue. I have had my raccoon over a month. I am used to my raccoon's smell. I think raccoons make a good pet.", "We cannot sell raccoons."], "current_conv": ["One of my foster dogs is going to her forever home tomorrow, I'm excited for her but will be sad to see her go at the same time!", "I understand, it must be tough to give away a dog you have fostered for such a long time. Surely you still have other dogs to foster that have yet to be adopted?", "They always come and go. It's sad, but I am a little used to it. But you're right, I'm sure by next week another cutie will be joining me. You should bring bandicoot over!", "I'd be happy to do so, he would love the extra company and attention. Would you ever consider fostering other types of animals other than dogs, such as cats?", "I'm allergic to cats. That's why I don't foster them. Has he ever met a dog before?", "He has, he mostly is friendly around them, although I can't say many dogs are friendly around bandicoot. I guess dogs in general aren't really used to seeing racoons at times.", "Probably not. Or maybe they see them, and worry they are going to steal their food next!", "That is true of other racoons, but Bandicoot seems to play fair. Speaking of which, have you been able to handle your raccoon problem?", "Not yet. I need to buy some aluminum sheeting I think. To cover the holes up from the inside. Those raccoons are too smart", "True, racoons are much more craftier than you think. Has any other types of animals tried to enter your garbage, or is it mostly racoons? I would be scared if a bigger animal like a bear was attracted to my garbage.", "Luckily we don't have bears around. The other animals don't seem interested in the garage though.", "Good to hear, then aluminum sheeting should be able to handle just the raccoons then. My garbage has a lock, helps keep it shut especially when it gets very windy outside."], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you?", "Good, I just fed my pets!", "What kind of pets do you have?", "I have a raccoon and a bearded dragon. Do you have any?", "I foster dogs till they find a forever home, but none that stay with me permanently.", "Gotcha, that is a great thing to do!", "Yea, I hope more people adopt! What do you do for a living?", "I work at the zoo.", "That sounds very fun and rewarding, do you enjoy it?", "I love being a zoo keeper. What do you do for a living?", "I do software solutions for tech companies. Nothing as exciting as working in a zoo.", "Well, I imagine your job is more useful for most people.", "Most days it is just \"did you try turning it on and off again?\".", "My bro owns a grocery store and he says people are dumb there too."], ["Out of curiosity, what do you feed your raccoon and bearded dragon?", "My bearded dragon eats insects often crickets or meal worms and My raccoon Bandicoot eats a variety of food mostly dog kibble coupled with fish and egg!", "How long have you had them?", "Bandicoot is 3 and my bearded dragon Bob is 7 months old.", "Have you had Bandicoot since he was a baby too?", "Yes, he was a rescue, but he and I work at a Raccoon Cafe so he's been there since he was a baby and I take care of him when he isn't working.", "That's so cool. I love raccoons but have never gotten very close to one. I see wild ones occassionally.", "Wild ones can be very ornery they always come around trying to steal the working raccoons food! Such intelligent creatures though, very funny little animals.", "They are, we have to make sure the garbage is raccoon proof but they still figure out how to get in most of the time haha", "Yeah, it's those little thumbs I swear, they are master escape artists.", "For sure, but cute little escape artists! Have you had Bob for long?", "I've had him only about a month now!"], ["I visited the pet store yesterday and saw a bearded dragon.  It was my first time seeing one up close.  How big do they get?", "That is cool you saw one. They can get up to about 24 inches. Quite big really but does happen slowly over the years. Would you like to get one?", "I don't know , with my fosters dogs, I don't think it would be a good idea. Each case is different, I don't want to stress them more with a reptile. How your racoon is dealing with you bearded dragon ?", "If you think your foster dogs would become stressed by the dragon then it is probably a good idea not to get one. My raccoon is quite relaxed and isn't bothered at all by the bearded dragon. It helps because it doesn't make much noise so I don't think it notices that it is there.", "Do you think it could eat your bearded dragon ? To me, racoons  seem to eat everything.", "Bob is in a cage so Bandicoot cannot get to it. He is fine and soon he grow bigger. Raccoons like to eat small creatures. Once it gets to a certain size Bandicoot will leave it alone.", "I hope soo, some racoons can be very territorial, every four-five night I hear a racoon and a cat fighting in my neighborhood.", "They can be. Especially wild ones. Now my raccoon has been with me for over a month it has grown to me and is quite relaxed and behaved around me. I think it would be interesting to research whether racoons could be trained.", "Do you think they would make great pet ? Do they stink ? I know ferrets can smell and foxes literally stink.", "No they don't stink really if you feed it correctly. But I am used to the smell really now being around so many of them. Maybe to others they might. I think they make a good pet, but only if you have time to really look and care for it.", "But aren't they considered wildlife by the law ? So they can't be legally pets, if so some pet shops would sell them, like ferrets.", "That it true. Yes we cannot sell them. But we can rescue them and take care of them before releasing back in the wild"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Jake. I am 26 years old. I am an alcoholic.", "I have debt. I work a lot. I love my job.", "I have no siblings. I work for Black Sabbath. I'm on tour with Black Sabbath. I perform concerts. I enjoy performing on a stage. I don't mind hot weather.", "I like to eat steak and chicken.", "I know Ozzy Osbourne.", "I have a problem with alcohol. I am in debt.", "When not on tour, I work on Black Sabbath's marketing team. I have a marketing degree.", "I am friends with Ozzy. I like to hang out with Ozzy.", "I am religious."], "partner_persona": ["I have no siblings.", "I am unemployed. I went to school in Spain and France.", "I like to eat hamburgers and french fries. I don't eat steak.", "My dad was in the Navy. My dad was a gambler. My dad had a gambling problem.", "I am desperate to find a job. I have a job interview at a bank next week. I really want the bank interview to go well.", "I live in a tiny apartment.", "I have two rescue dogs, named Bounty and Snickers.", "__", "I live where the weather is hot. I have an Air Conditioner. I don't like to pay high utility bills. I am interested in finding out about energy efficient air conditioners.", "I like concerts. I am a fan of Ozzy Osbourne. I would love to meet Ozzy. I want Ozzy's autograph.", "I am religious."], "current_conv": ["I am heading out to an AA meeting now. Do you want to practice some questions for your bank interview when I get back?", "Yes that would be super super helpful. Thank you for offering! I really need this job. You excited for your meeting?", "I always look forward to meetings. They keep me on the straight and narrow.", "That's good. Does anything else help keep you off the booze?", "Just keeping busy. I get into trouble when I am bored!", "Ha, I understand that. I've just been so bored lately too without a job. I need something to keep me sane.", "Do you want me to see if there are any open spots on the tour? I know they are always looking for extra help.", "If I don't get this banking job... then YES! That would be really awesome. I still hope I get the banking job because the pay and benefits are supposedly good. But if not, I'd be willing to give touring a shot for sure. ", "It is a wild ride, but certainly has to be more interesting than wearing a suit in an office all day!", "Yeah I bet. Seems like a super exciting and unique job for sure. Hanging out with Ozzy doesn't sound too bad lol", "He is such a cool guy. What a life he has lived!", "Right?! I would love to pick his brain but I'm sure he has way too many stories to tell. I'd be happy with just an autograph!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, im jake. Im 26 and a raging alcoholic.", "Hey. I'm close to your age and was a navy brat.", "Im usually thiking bout my job. Im in some debt. Always want to work.", "Do you have any siblings? I'm an only child but I have 2 dogs,bounty and snickers.", "I dont. All ido is work. I work for black sabbath.", "Awesome! I don't have a job yet but was educated in spain and france.", "Yeah im lucky to work for my favorite band. What do you eat?", "With no job mostly hamburgers and french fries. Do you prefer alcohol to food?", "No. I drink as much as I eat stake and chicken.", "I miss eating steak. Do you hang out with ozzy osbourne?", "At work all the time. He doesnt pay well tho, so im in some debt.", "Sorry:-( my dad was a navy guy and he was always in debt too-gambling.", "I love to work but I dont make much money.", "Mega millions is very high this week."], ["I just started a tour with Black Sabbath. I'm excited to see so many different places.", "Where is the first place you are headed? Do you get a lot of free time to explore when you're on tour?", "We're going to be in California for a good amount of time, hitting all the major cities there! Then we head east. And yes, I should have a good amount of time to check out places! How is the job hunt going?", "I have an interview next week. It's entry level at a bank, so it feels a bit soul destroying, but at this point I'll take anything. I'm happy for you though - I know it might be hard but if you can lay off the booze a bit, you might make enough to put a dent in your debt.", "That's great! Hey it's a step in the right direction - maybe you'll love it. Yeah, the good thing is everything is pretty much paid for on the tour. Kind of hard to stay away from the drink when it's everywhere you turn at work lol.", "Yeah, maybe I'll find out that banking where I'm meant to be - my dad's experiences with gambling have made me very careful with money. Have you been working for Black Sabbath long? I didn't think they toured that often, do you work for them even when they're not touring?", "Well Black Sabboth actually had their \"final\" tour in 2017. But now they're kind of coming back for one more. So this is the first tour I've done in four years! I'm usually just working with their marketing team outside of touring.", "That's awesome that you can work full-time for them. I've known a few other people who work for bands that have to find other jobs when not on tour. It sounds like you have the perfect gig - did you have to have a degree in marketing to score your job?", "Yup I'm pretty lucky to be honest! Yes I do have a marketing degree which was really helpful in helping me get this job...but it's also the reason I'm in so much debt, ha! How are Bounty and Snickers doing??", "They're doing well. They're a little stir-crazy from living in this tiny apartment, but I try to take them out pretty frequently. I'm hoping to afford somewhere with my own yard if I get this job.", "What kind of dogs are they again?", "Both are medium-sized mutts; I rescued them from a local shelter. Snickers looks like he might have a bit of German Shepherd in him, and Bounty maybe some Golden Lab?"], ["How are Bounty and Snickers doing in the heatwave? Does your apartment have AC?", "Ugh we are are all struggling! I have AC, but hate to run it because it really increases my ultity bill.", "Oh it can really run it up high this time of year. Do you have any energy efficient air units?", "No, but I have been meaning to look into that. You guys must have some powerful AC during concerts. It must get really hot on stage.", "Yes we do. I mean it can get unbelievably hot up here. Even with the AC going full blast it still can be steaming. It's all worth it though to perform. You kind of build a tolerance to it of sorts.", "What a cool gig you have. Tell me more about ozzy!", "As wild as you think he is, he's even more wild than that. That guy is crazy but is ultra cool to hang out with and get to know.  We aren't close friends but I know him well. Maybe I can help you meet him one day.", "I would love that! In the meantime, I will settle for an autograph!", "I'll see what I can do for you then! Any luck in searching for jobs lately?", "Nothing besides the bank next week. Pray for me!", "Oh right that is next week? My bad I forgot you told me that. I'll be praying for you and wishing you good luck. Just stay calm and you'll nail that interview.", "I hope so. I am in big trouble if this doesn't work out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["The coffee shop I work at does not serve ice cream. I also like soft serve icecream.", "I went to high school with a lot of eagle scouts. I have not decided whether I will be attending college.", "My father works at a college.", "I currently live in Chicago but am moving to New York. I like football. I will go to school in New York. I am not a Jets fan. I am thinking about going to NYU. I applied to NYU. I want to be an engineer.", "I want to major in engineering. I love building things. I dont know if ill study mechanical or electrical engineering. I am fascinated by mechanics and how everyday things work. I have built an engine and several radios.", "I have both parents in my life.", "I am interested in traveling in the near future. I'd want to travel to Europe."], "partner_persona": ["I am employed by McDonald's.", "I like soft serve ice cream.", "I am a part of the boy scouts.", "I am a senior in high school. I am thinking about taking a gap year. I am interested in doing study abroad.", "I volunteer in my free time. I care about succeeding in college. I want to major in Linguistics. I want to go to University of Chicago.", "I also live in Chicago currently. I like baseball.", "I'm fascinated with engineering.", "I have a deaf friend. I know sign language. I want to study the difference between spoken and signed languages.", "I want to travel and learn in different countries.", "I want to live in New York. I plan on visiting NYC soon.", "I want to learn about many languages and cultures."], "current_conv": ["What sparked your interest in linguistics?", "That\u2019s what my grandfather did and I always wanted to follow in his footsteps, and make him proud. ", "Oh that's so nice! For some reason I thought it was because you have a deaf friend. Did you learn sign language because you have a deaf friend or did you meet your friend after you learned it? ", "I learned sign language as a child actually my parents tried to teach me many different kinds of languages to help me later on in life when I went to get a job and it really helps knowing sign language. ", "I would love to learn sign language even though I do not know any deaf people. It is cool that you already know what you want to do. I still haven't decided if I even want to go to college. Are you going to go to NYC soon to look at colleges?", "Yeah I will be visiting colleges soon. You should look into engineering classes I\u2019m sure you would enjoy that. ", "Yeah- if i do go to college it will definitely have something to do with engineering. So if you find a college in NY will Chicago be no longer an option? I think between the 2 I'd choose NY. I will probably go to the college my dad works at because I can get a huge discount- may even be free. So after college do you plan on traveliing? Any places in particular?", "Yeah I may go to NY college but as of right now I am pretty set on Chicago just because I have people and know the area. Once I finish college I defiantly want to travel, state side I would love to visit LA and Hawaii and many other countries too eventually. And that\u2019s amazing that your dad works at a college that\u2019s a great help financially. Would you like to travel anywhere other than Europe?  ", "Yeah my dad loves his job and he bugs me constantly about going to school there. I have travelled some but I have always wanted to go to Europe so that is really the only place I am thinking about visiting. Are you planning on going the Europe yourself someday?", "I bet he does well I hope whatever you decide it works out well for you. I would like to go to Italy and England someday and maybe some other European countries. Anywhere in particular you would like to go in Europe? ", "Italy! Italy! Italy! After that I would probably take the Eurorail around to other countries. I also would like to go through the Chunnel from France to England. Maybe when we both get out of college we can plan a trip together. ", "I never thought about taking the eurorail that would be incredible. Oh that sound like a great plan, I would love to go on a trip with you to Europe. "], "history_conv": [["Hi. What have you been doing today?", "I just got off work. I work at mcdonald's.", "I work in food service, too. A coffee shop.", "How fun. Do they serve ice cream, I love soft serve ice cream.", "No, but that would be good. What do you do for fun?", "I'm a scout. Soon to be an eagle scout, hopefully.", "Congrats. That's hard to achieve. A lot of kids in my high school did it.", "I'll be in college next year. I'm going for a degree in neuroscience.", "Good luck. I'm moving soon, so I'm not sure what I'll od about school.", "Oh, I also volunteer in local research lab near me. Hope this helps me in college.", "I'm sure it will. My dad is a headmaster and encourages all the kids to volunteer.", "Wow. Your dad sounds really cool. Where are you moving to?", "New york. I live in chicago now. Go bears!", "I used to live in cincinnati so, I'm a reds fan."], ["I have decided I will be attending school when I move to New York. But I will not be rooting for the Jets.", "I think both decisions are good. LOL. What school will you attend?", "I am thinking about going to NYU, what college are you thinking about going to?", "My first choice is actually University of Chicago. I want to major in Linguistics and they have a great program.  How about you? do you know what you will major in?", "I think that I am going to major in Engineering. I am leaning towards either mechanical or electrical. I love building things, and I am fascinated by the mechanics on how everyday things work.", "That sort of thing facinates me too. But I could never handle the math for the courses. What kind of things have you built?", "I have built a small, basic 2-stroke engine, and several radios. What kind of things are you looking to do with the Linguistics degree that you are going to go to school for?", "I have a deaf friend and I've learn sign language. I want to study the difference between spoken and signed languages. I don't even know what to do with the degree. Except get more degrees until I become a professor. I like that idea.", "That's pretty cool. At the very least you could eventually go into academia and pass along the knowledge you have learned to other students. I feel like there could be a lot of freedom in what you do.", "I hope that in undergrad I will get to travel and learn about sign languages in different countries.", "Keep your ears and eyes open. I bet your university will have many opportunities to go on international trips.", "What is your plan once you get your degree."], ["I told my parents I've decided on going to college. They're excited for me and the idea of New York. I hope I get in!", "That's great! Which college did you apply to! I love UChicago but I always wanted to live in New York for a while.", "I applied for NYU. I hope I get it. I think it's gonna be fun", "What things do you like building? Engineering is so cool and I'd love to learn more about it. I'm more of a linguistics person myself, but I've always wondered what engineering majors do. Did you end up deciding on mechanical or electrical engineering?", "Engineering is great. It's involves building really awesome machines and structures. It's what innovates the world", "True, engineering is a really cool subject. Hopefully you can tell me more about the kinds of things you like building. Do you have any plans for the summer before college? I'm thinking of taking a gap year to travel and learn different languages. Maybe I will do study abroad as well.", "That's just awesome. What languages would you be learning?", "Honestly, I'm open to learning anything. I think knowing many languages is a really cool trait and that you can also learn so much about other cultures this way. I've always heard Tokyo, Singapore, Dubai, and Thailand were some cool places to study abroad. Whats your opinion on traveling?", "I really think you should travel. Travelling helps you in opening your mind and seeing the world through the eyes of different cultures and different people. I'll love to travel too. Maybe I'll travel to a different continent when I'm done with college.", "You should really consider studying abroad! For the same price as college, you can also get the perks of seeing different countries. Although, maybe you might want to maximize your time in New York. Did you know what continent you'd like to travel to? Or would you prefer to just soak in NYC?", "I'll like to travel to Europe. I heard it's a good place to start a life and a business. Although, I'd like to enjoy NYC before travelling.", "Are you interested in starting your own business one day? What industry are you interested in? As for NYC-- do you have any specific areas you'd like to see? I'm planning on visiting soon!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live with my mom.", "I do not have brothers or sisters. I have a mom who's a nurse.", "I love jamming out to rock music.", "I think hot salsa with chips is the best. I prefer variety to having favorite foods. I love Mexican and texmex. I made chicken fajitas the other night.", "I try to cook often. I like cooking because you can make things healthy. We like to experiment. I haven't cooked Thai food.", "I followed a chili recipe and liked it. I like hot salsa. I like pineapple on pizza, no ham.", "I like Chinese and spicy Thai food."], "partner_persona": ["I lived in Mexico as a child. I have extended family in Mexico.", "I have two daughters.", "I enjoy karaoke and drinking.", "I like salsa and tango beats. I don't like tango the drink. I like hot salsa dip. I love mango salsa. I like combining sweet and savory. I like pineapple on pizza.", "I love Mexican food but it's not my favorite. I grew up with it. I like to try new food all the time.", "I'm the main cook in my family. I also like to cook to make things healthy. I like to put my own twist on things.", "I make a spicy white chili with horse radish.", "I enjoy recording recipes.", "I like Thai dishes. I am very knowledgeable about Thai food.", "I mainly cook Mexican food at home."], "current_conv": ["Who taught you how to cook?", "I mainly search for recipes on the internet. Blogs are really good for recipes. How do you find new recipes ?", "Mostly online but I sometimes borrow books from my local library.", "I find it difficult to find good recipes in books, especially exotic cuisine like Thai. Do you have any book recommendations for recipes ?", "It is hard to find books on it. I love yellow thai curry or tom yung goon soup. Sorry, I don't know how to spell it. ", "It is Tom yum soup, it is also difficult to make, it require special ingredients. Do you like tom yum  soup ?", "I love it. We have an Asian supermarket near us and that makes it easier to buy the right ingredients. ", "I also have an Asian supermarket near me, that is why love cooking Thai recipes, otherwise I would always be changing the ingredients in my recipes. What is you favorite ingredient ?", "It's hard to pick a favourite ingredient. I just love how fresh and flavourful Thai food is. What about you, do you have a favourite ingredient?", "I love cilantro, it goes well with Mexican and Thai dishes. There is also cilantro in some Chinese recipes. ", "Yeah, I like that too is similar to coriander but it's nicer. ", "Aren't they the same thing ? I always thought that they meant the same thing. "], "history_conv": [["Hey, what's up?", "Nothing. Just reflecting on my childhood in mexico.", "Mexico? That's neat, what family do you have over there?.", "Well my kids are here.. But my extended family is in mexico. Ariiiiiba!", "Fun, I'm just living here with my moms..", "Do you have many siblings?", "None, just me, how about you?", "Well I gave birth to two beautiful daughters.", "That sounds great! My mom's a nurse, her favourite thing to do is help new parents.", "That is so wholesome! I personally enjoy karaoke and drinking.", "I love getting to jam out to some rock music.", "I like salsa and tango beats.", "For a second there I thought you meant the food haha.", "Hahah. Tango.. The drink is actually soo nasty. I do like a hot salsa dip though."], ["Hot salsa with chips is the best! Is Mexican food your favorite?", "I love it. But I don't know if it is my favorite. Since I grew up with it, it is comfort food. I like to try new food all the time. What kind of food doyou like?", "I don't have any particular favorites. I just like variety. I do love mexican and texmex though. The other night I made some chicken fajitas and they were the bomb!", "Sounds delish. Do you cook often?", "Yes, I try to cook often. These days there is so many choices when it comes to fast food and takeout, but I like cooking because you can make things healthy. What about you, do you cook?", "I'm the main cook in my family. And like  you, I like to cook because I can make things healthy. But sometimes, I just like to put my own twist on things. Do you know what I mean?", "Yep, I hear you! Sometimes we like to experiment a little or try something new!", "Ooo. Like what? Maybe we can swap some ideas.", "I made some really good vegetarian chili the other night. If I blindfolded you while you ate it you would never know by the way it tasted that it did not have meat in it.", "Wow. That sounds amazing. I make a white chili that is fantastic, but not meatless. Maybe we can swap recipes?", "Yeah I would love to. As I said, I always love trying new things. I have to have variety in my life!", "The secret to spicy white chili is horse radish. Have you ever tried horse radish?"], ["I tried making your spicy white chili and it was delish.", "Wow now I'm craving it! Do you have any recipe recommendations for me to try? We could try having a cooking version of a book club since we both like similar foods-- it could also help you cook more!", "Even though we like hot salsa, I have an awesome mango salsa recipe!  Ever try mango salsa?", "Yes, I love mango salsa! In general, I think incorporating sweet and savory is always a good idea. Thats why I love pineapple on pizza too! Whats your opinion on the pineapple pizza combo?", "Oh we have such similar tastes, its crazy!  I LOVE pineapple on my pizza.  Some people put ham with the pineapple, but I just like it without ham.", "I'm so glad to hear you say that! I was hoping you'd like it since you said you like to experiment with cooking. I'm not sure why so many people think its such a controversial combination! Since you said you like variety, what are some other cuisines you love other than mexican and texmex?", "I like Chinese and Thai food... Especially spicy Thai food!  How about you?", "You were so right about us having similar tastes!!! I was genuinely going to bring up spicy thai food as well because its definitely my favorite. I love going to thai restaurants and getting thai iced tea, basil chicken, and the soup... I just wish it was easier to cook at home! Do you have any favorite dishes?", "I have found some Thai recipes online, but havent tried making them yet.  I like orange chicken and Kung Pao Chicken I guess the best.  I'll try anything though!", "Those are good, but those are chinese food recipes! Do you have any thai food favorites?", "Oh sorry!  I just thought you asked in general any favorite dishes! I've had a Thai spicy fried rice that had basil and shrimp.  I'll have to find that recipe somewhere and try it out.  So how are your daughters?  Do they like spicy food too?", "Yes, we love going out to eat as a family! Since we mainly make Mexican food at home, we all like to be more adventurous when we go out. Do you ever get the chance to go out with your mom to eat? I know that nurses are usually super busy with their jobs."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite band is black sabbath. I'm a workaholic. I work in an office.", "I love movies. My favorite film is Paid in full. I'm in debt.", "I'm a CEO of a fortune 500 company. I'm 26 years old. I'm the youngest CEO.", "I like rock music. I like classical music.", "I listen to the Jonas Brothers.", "I do not have kids."], "partner_persona": ["My favorite band is the Jonas brothers. I have kids.", "I love movies. Horror movies are my favorite. I watched the conjuring series, its one of my favorite. The conjuring is one of the longest running series ive kept track of.", "I like the Jonas Brothers. I haven't seen the Jonas Brothers in concert.", "I am a secretary for a local company.", "My kids play sports."], "current_conv": ["Would you recommend the newest Conjouring movie to a non-horror movie fan?", "I mean, no probably not. They aren't the scariest movies I've ever seen, but they are still definitely scary. If you're not a fan of horror movies, you're not going to enjoy it.", "I like thrillers but I'm not a big fan of horrors unless your watching it with a lot of friends, as I think it fun then.", "Okay. Well in that case, maybe it might be okay for you then. I just don't want to recommend it to you, and have you come out the other side traumatized! LOL", "I meant to ask what sports do your kids play?", "I thought I told you a few days ago? They play baseball and volleyball. They're great at it. I love seeing them get so much enjoyment out of it. They're such good sports, as well.", "No you mentioned they played sports but not which ones. That's great. I love volleyball. Did you play sports when you were a kid?", "I sure did, but that's okay. As far as I go, I've never really been a sporty one. I prefer staying at home, watching movies, or listening to music. I do enjoy going out to concerts or to the theatre, though.", "I don't mind sports but I'm just average at them. Have you been to a concert or the theatre recently?", "I haven't been to a concert in a really long time, but I'm super excited for the Jonas Brothers show coming up this year! Did you ever manage to take any time off work to go?", "It is super exciting. Are you going to book into a hotel for after the concert? Yes, I got the time off, thank goodness.", "I guess that's up to you? I'm okay with staying in the city for the night if you are! I'd like to check out a few bars after if that's cool?"], "history_conv": [["Good day! What is your favorite band?", "Hmm. Jonas brothers definitely. Probably because of my kids.", "Cool! Mine is black sabbath. I'm a workaholic so I miss the concerts often.", "Concerts are a rip off anyway. I love movies. You?", "I totally agree! I mostly think about going.", "Cool. What is your fave film?", "Paid in full, which is ironic being that I am in debt slightly.", "Interesting.. Do you like that streetlife inner city genre?", "No, I often don't have free time being that all I think ab.", "All you think about is?", "Sorry, I mostly think of going to work. No time to explore other genres.", "That is so unfortunate! What is it you do?", "I am ceo of a fortune 500 company at 26 years old, I'm the youngest.", "Oh wow!! How much do you make per annum?."], ["How are your kids? Seen any good movies?", "My kids are doing well. I recently watched some horror movies, theyre my favorite", "Cool. What was the best one you watched?", "I recently watched the conjuring series, theyre one of my favorite series.", "I didn't know there was a series of them. What's makes it your favorite series?", "ITs just been one of the longest running series ive kept track of. Do you like music?", "I like rock music. And classical. But that's about all.", "I enjoy the Jonas Brothers band", "Have you ever seen them in concert?", "No i havent, im usually busy with the kids. Hows work?", "Taking up way too much of my time. As usual. But all these hours in the office will pay off. I will pay off my debt, build up my savings and retire early. Then I will go to all the concerts and movies I want. Right?", "Of course! thats the end goal right? Be debt free and not have to penny pinch all the time"], ["After talking to you the Jonas Brothers came on earlier. Now its been in my head all day.", "That's funny!  What song is in your head?  They have a lot!", "I've been listening to their entire discography and I was surprised to find I loved a lot of their songs, even though its super different than my usual tastes! I really liked the songs Burnin Up and Year 3000! I know they are kind of old school, but they felt nostalgic to me. What are your favorite Jonas Brothers songs! I bet you must have a million.", "I like them all!!  They are coming to my area in concert this year.  I may go...want to come with me?", "Wow I didn't know they would still be in concert, I thought they were all old by now! Hmm.. I'd love to go, but I'm not sure if I can get off work. I really need to stop being such a workaholic but running my own company is so hard.", "I bet.  Are you still super busy?  Just keep your eye on the end goal, but don't forget to have some fun along the way!", "Yes, my days are super busy - not sure how long this will last. What do you do in your job?", "I wish I could work for the Jonas Brothers haha.", "That would be a cool job, would you want to be their tour manager? What industry are you in currently?", "I'm a secretary in a local company.  I like it, and the hours are convenient for my kids.  They keep me active!", "What activities do you like doing with your kids? I hope to have kids one day but I don't know when I'll ever find the time.", "They are involved in sports.  Baseball and volleyball are the two big sports they play.  It keeps them busy and they really like it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm Even.", "I have interest in Winter sports.", "I should fit my snowboard to crossover.", "My previous employer was Cisco.", "I'm interested in buying a new car that is reliable during the winter and has some space.", "I own a Toyota Corolla.", "I work for Salesforce as a software engineer."], "partner_persona": ["I'm schmitty.", "I like to work on my garden.", "I am in the car business. I have a vehicle showroom. My dealership sells Hondas and Toyotas.", "I like to read murder mysteries.", "I've been in business for myself since 2006. Before that I was working my way through college. In college I studied Business Administration.", "I am looking to buy a car. I have owned several Toyotas."], "current_conv": ["I'm considering buying a Honda. Do you think Hondas are better than Toyotas?", "That is hard to say. It depends on the model that you are looking for, how old it is, and how many miles are on the cars, just to name a few considerations. Are you leaning towards a certain model?", "I think I can get a good deal on a 2010 Toyota Corolla. It surprisingly only has 2000 miles on it! Do you think that might be a good option. The seller is only asking $5555.55", "Wow. Yes, given that information, I think you found a good deal. Will it be big enough to fit your snowboard and snowboard equipment?", "Well, I'm pretty sure that equipment won't be able to fit inside the car, but I have seen people put racks on top of their Corollas for similar reasons, and it looks like it works well for those who go that route. ", "Yeah, that could work. With the money you are saving you could get a really nice hood rack. You might also want to invest in some winter tires.", "We're on the same page on that topic. I've been scouring the internet for deals on winter tires, as well as tire chains.  I've seen good prices for all that stuff, so I'm not too worried about the additional costs of that. Let me ask you a question. The Corolla I'm looking at has been garaged for over 10 years without being driven. Do you think that is going to present any problems for me?", "Okay. Now that changes things. It depends on how well the owner keep up the maintenance. If he literally let it sitting there ten years, you should have it looked at by a mechanic before buying it. If he took it out occasionally and prevented rust from accumulating, you might still be good.  ", "Okay, thanks for all that advice. Now for a more trivial question: what do you think is the coolest color I could paint the car if I buy it? As it is today, it is a boring off-white. I'm thinking of going neon pink with sparkly gold detail. Does that sound as awesome to you as it does to me?", "Awesome is a matter of perspective. I'm a more primary colors guy. However, you should do you. If the pink with gold detailing gives you a nice happy feeling, go for it! However, if you are thinking you might sell the car in the near future, I would suggest sticking with the old boring white for greater resell value.", "Once again, your advice is stellar. I hope some day I can return the favor by giving you some expertise advice on snowboarding if you ever become interested in that subject matter!", "This old fuddy duddy is too old for the young man's sport of snowboarding, but I appreciate the offer! If you need someone to look over that car or any suggestions for a painter, just let me know."], "history_conv": [["Hi, my name is even, pleased to meet you.", "Hello, I'm schmitty. Nice to meet you as well.", "Winter sports is my passion, what is yours?", "I really enjoy working outside, in my garden.", "I am from an it background.", "I am in the car business..", "I need to buy a new car, we need to swap details.", "Sounds great, I would be happy to help.", "I want a crossover for my snowboard to fit in.", "I don't think that would be aproblem.", "Did I mention my previous employer was cisco?", "Did I mention I love to read, especially murder mysteries."], ["Did you buy a car? What about your previous employer?", "I've been in business for myself since 2006. Before that I was working my way through college.", "That's great. Were you also studying something automotive-related during college?", "In college I studies Business Administration. But not automotive businesses exclusively. I remember you wanted to buy a new car. Are you still interested?", "I'm very much interested! I'm looking for something that is reliable during the winter and has some space. Any recommendations?", "Sounds like you need an SUV. Do you have any preference of Make?", "Good advice! Well I suppose a cool one that is within my budget... perhaps a Honda? What do you think?", "Honda makes some great models, the Pilot and Passport. I don't think you and I are in the same city or I would invite you down to my showroom.", "Oh wow what a coincidence. You work at a Honda dealership!", "My dealership sells Hondas and Toyotas. And used cars of all makes and models.", "Wonderful! Well I suppose I should also ask about any Toyotas that you recommend?", "I think you might like a 4Runner. Sporty and economical."], ["Have you found the car of your dreams yet?", "Not yet, I am really wanting to get a newer Lexus ES 350. They are super nice cars, well built, and reliable.", "Oh, that's nice. Why not a Honda or a Toyota? Those are well built and reliable as well, and much more affordable. Is it because you're looking for something high-end?", "Lexus is Toyota's luxury brand. They use a lot of the same parts as the regular Toyotas. I have had several Toyota's and I am just looking for something a little fancier.", "Oh, I didn't know that. Makes a lot of sense. Are you considering any other Lexus models other than the ES 350?", "I would consider some of the IS models too, but I am really wanting to get an ES 350. What are you driving right now?", "I'm just driving a Toyota Corolla. It's cheap and reliable, and gets me where I need to go. No complaints about it.", "Yep, those are great cars. Good for you. What are you doing now that you are no longer with Cisco?", "I'm now working for Salesforce as a software engineer. It's a great gig. Good benefits and excellent pay.", "That's great. Technology is a great field to be in. Great starting salaries, and a lot of opportunity to increase your income down the road if you continue to make yourself stand out.", "Absolutely. Tech is probably the best industry to be in at the moment. Great hours, flexible work schedule, and great pay. Can't really ask for much else.", "What do you like to do in your spare time when you are not working?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own a few rental properties on Staten Island and in Manhattan.My apartments start at $2,000/month rent. I am a landlord. I have a friend who is a landlord too.", "Some of my apartments have great views with longer commutes. I have some apartments in the center of the city. My apartments are in NYC."], "partner_persona": ["I am not knowledgeable about property investing.", "I just moved to New York City. My apartment is small and overpriced.", "I have driven 1000 miles to see a band before. I am willing to consider apartments in other parts of New York if they are more affordable than my current apartment. My budget for rent on an apartment is $650. My brothers currently help me pay rent. I rent with my brothers right now. I am looking for an apartment to rent.", "I don't have any pets.", "I don't like to drive."], "current_conv": ["I might be getting some more apartments in the next couple months that you may like.", "That's great, thank you so much for keeping me in mind. My budget of $650 is very low for the area. Are the apartments that you mentioned within that budget?", "Sadly, I'm one of the cheapest renters in this area, and my cheapest apartments start at $2,000/month rent. I do have some properties located a little further outside of the city, if that might be more affordable for you?", "Yes, I will definitely consider apartments in other parts of New York if they are more affordable to me. I am also open to multi-bedroom apartments with a higher rent, but then having roommates to split the cost. ", "Okay, great. I appreciate that you're willing to bend a bit, because I'd really like to help you out, but the price range you are looking for definitely presents some difficulties. Have you ever heard of a neighborhood called Jericho? I do have some cheaper listings there.", "Of course, I realize that my budget and NY do not mix very well. I am willing to be as flexible as possible and appreciate you doing the same. I have not heard of Jericho, how far is that from the city?", "It's a 29 mile drive, so it can make the commuting a little more difficult if you're going into the city every day. Would that be something you'd be able to work with? I think I have some listings there around the $700/month price range.", "I have just searched for Jericho on Google, and the photos look really nice. It looks like a beautiful place to live and I am excited that there are apartments within my price range. While I do not like to drive, it looks like there are some great public transport options so I do not think that commuting would be an issue. I will ask my brothers if they can help me with the additional price, but I think that $700 a month should be doable.", "Great. I'll send over a few of the listings I have, and you can browse through them and see which ones you'll be interested in. The prices do vary a little bit, but they will all be listed so you can consider them. Once you find one you're interested, we can talk about scheduling a tour.", "Perfect! I am so looking forward to renting an apartment from you. Sometimes landlords can have bad reputations, but I can tell that you take a lot of pride in your work. I appreciate your patience and willingness to help me out. I will start looking through the listings that you sent over. Is the lease on a monthly or yearly basis?", "Also, I hope I didn't fail to mention this before, but we conduct background checks and credit checks - is that something you are okay with?", "Yes, that is something that I did anticipate and something that I needed to do for my current apartment. My credit score and background check should both come back with no issues. However, I may need to have one of my brothers co-sign the lease. Is that option available?"], "history_conv": [["Do you know anything about property investing?", "Not a single thing, sorry!", "Well I have a couple rental properties. Maybe I could show you a thing or two.", "Maybe you could, I just moved to a new city actually.", "Oh wow which city? Are you still hunting for a place?", "New york city baby! I found a little overpriced apartment.", "Aw ok that is good! I own developments on staton island and in manhattan.", "Ohh wow, that's close. I drove 1k miles before to see a band so I can travel.", "Well what is your price range for rent?", "650 a month! I'm going to be homeless if I didn't ask my brothers to help me.", "Oh wow. Cant help. My apartments start at $2,000 a month for a studio.", "Well you can make a deal for a friend, no?"], ["I found a group of people looking for another roommate for a large apartment, rent would be way cheaper than what you pay now if you share an apartment with these guys!", "That sounds interesting. Where is it?", "It's in Long Island, the rent is only $1200 and split between four people would only be $300 a month for you!", "That sounds VERY interesting. Would I have my own room? My own or shared bathroom?", "Yes, you would have your own bedroom but there is a shared bathroom. They even allow pets if you have any!", "I don't have pets. I am interested in the place. I have another question. Do you have the time?", "Yes, it's 11:28 pm. When were you thinking of moving in?", "Is it near a subway or train or something to Manhattan. I don't mind a commute but I don't want to drive.", "Yes, it's right beside the subway, only a 5 minute walk. You can take the subway right to Manhattan. I do have some apartments in Manhattan, but they start at $2,000 which is out of your price range.", "You're right. $300 would be great on my budget of $650. I just want to make sure I'm not eating that other $350 in commuting. You know these guys?", "Yes, they have been renting from me for about 5 years. One of the roommates is getting married and moving out so they're looking for someone else.", "I'd sure like to see the place and meet a couple of them. Can you set that up?"], ["I have gotten in touch with the current renters and I have their schedules, when is it convenient for you to meet?", "I could meet this weekend! If not, I can check my schedule for sometime next week.", "Sounds good. Do you plan to plan to have any roommates? My usual apartments are bit out of your budget if you'll be alone but I can ask a friend of mine who is also a landlord what he has available.", "I could ask my brothers, we are currently renting together so they might be willing. What does your friend have to offer?", "I'm not positive. Why don't you bring your brothers and take a look at what I have and if it's not within your budget then I can give him a call.", "That'll be great! What does your apartment have to offer?", "I have a few with amazing views but slightly longer commutes. I have a few with average views but are in the center of everything you could need in the city. It all depends on what you're looking for and willing to pay for.", "How long are the commutes to Manhattan?", "That'll depend on whether you take the bus, train, or walk/bike. When we meet I would suggest putting some of addresses into google maps and estimating your commute time to work.", "That'll be great! What are some of the local business in the area, like gyms and restaurants?", "There's a gym a short walk from one.  Most have decent restaurants nearby and of course your NY street cart food.", "This is so exciting! Can't wait to see you this weekend!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work at a zoo. I am very busy. I helped feed lions at the zoo.I wasn't scared of the lions. My favorite zoo animals are the otters I want to feed otters.", "I play a video game called Rust.", "I've looked up safe videos of zookeepers."], "partner_persona": ["I play video games frequently. My favorite video game is League of Legends. I am very competitive. I am a high ranking player in League of Legends.", "I used to go to the zoo alot as a kid.", "I love otters.  I watch youtube videos of otters.", "I am a hypochondriac.", "I am afraid of lions. I want to visit the zoo.", "I've never played Rust before. I've used Youtube to help me with video games."], "current_conv": ["I was allowed to feed the otters. ", "That's great! Were they friendly to you? I think I would be afraid around any type of wild animal during feeding time.", "We are very careful to stand clear once the food as been distributed. It is pretty cool to watch.", "I bet! I don't suppose you get to pet them and play with them too, do you? Otters are so adorable; I think I would lose my mind if I got to play around with one.", "They are actually quite playful. I am lucky that I get to play with them during habitat maintenance.", "That sounds so fun! Do they let people volunteer at the zoo? Maybe it would be fun for regular folks like me to be able to get close to the animals while helping out the organization that runs the zoo.", "It's funny that you say that. I was just going to tell you that there is a once-a-month community education program where the public gets to tour and help out behind the scenes with the zoo caretakers. You should come.", "I would love that! I don't have any professional qualifications, but I certainly love animals and I'm willing to put in the work. Do you get your fill of animals at your work, or do you have any pets at home too?", "I never get tired of taking care of animals. I almost became a vet but love my job as a zookeeper because it is much more hands on in terms of overall animal interaction. I also have two Golden Retrievers at home so life is never boring. at ", "Well it must be nice for your dogs to have an owner that's so knowledgeable about caring for animals. I'm hoping to get some kittens this year. I absolutely love cats!", "If you have allergies or are looking for a low maintenance cat I suggest Devon Rex's. They are my favorite.", "That's great advice. I actually have never heard of those. Maybe I should find a friend with cats first and make sure I don't have any allergies. If you know anyone that needs a cat-sitter, let me know!"], "history_conv": [["Hey, hope you are having a wonderful day!", "Yes I am and hope you are too.", "Doing great, I just got back from work at the zoo. What do you do?", "I play video games all the time.", "What is your favorite game?", "League of legends aka lol.", "Oh I know that one! I don't have much free time to dedicate to it, unfortunately..", "Oh everyone should play it so I can beat them.", "So I guess you have a pretty high rank in the game?", "I have the highest rank possible.", "Any pets? Or do you dedicate all of your time to the game?", "I just play games all the time.", "You should get out and come to the zoo sometime!", "I would like that a lot."], ["I worked with a new animal at the zoo recently.", "Wow, what animal did you get to work with?", "I got to help feed the lions! It was a great day!", "That sounds so interesting! Were you scared of getting bitten?", "Not at all, they were behind a fence so I was safe! Do you like to visit the zoo?", "I used to go a lot when I was a kid but now I spend most of my time playing video games inside.", "If you ever feel like getting out of the house, I would love to show you around the zoo.", "That is such a sweet offer, maybe next weekend would work?", "Sounds great. I will be working so you can even see behind the scenes! Especially my favorite animals, the otters!", "I love otters! Sometimes I watch YouTube videos of otters holding hands when I'm feeling sad.", "Oh perfect! If we plan properly on timing, you can help us feed them! If you can come early in the morning, they are the most active.", "This might sound like an odd question but can you get any diseases from otters? I'm a bit of a hypochondriac."], ["I found out that I did such a good job helping feed the lions that I might get to do it solo next time.", "That's great!! I would be so afraid, so I'm glad you're not!! Will they ever let you feed the otters?", "I keep hoping they will. One of the females has a baby and its so cute!", "Adorable!! Which zoo do you work at??", "The central Park zoo. Its a great job. We have a very large variety of animals.", "That's fantastic! I would love to visit sometime soon, especially since I haven't been in a very long time! I've been so busy with my video games! Do you have any video games you play in your spare time?", "I play Rust. Its a great survival game. Have you played before?", "Never! I will definitely check it out!!", "I saw the cutest otter video on YouTube today. It was a mother otter swimming on her back with her baby laying on her tummy.", "Oh goodness how freaking cute!!! There are so many otter videos on YouTube, I get so carried away looking them up. Since your job allows you to feed lions, you should look up safe videos of zookeepers feeding lions. Don't look up any dangerous ones because they may scare you!", "I know, right? I actually have watched a couple and it helped prepare me for feeding the lions.", "That's good! Youtube seriously has everything you could ever need to watch haha!! It also helps me with beating certain levels on my video games!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am male. I am skinny.", "I have red hair and glasses.", "I am a nerd.", "I do not listen to much music. I like punk music.", "I don't like scary movies that are gross. I liked Rear Window even though it was scary. I like Alfred Hitchcock movies, the most recent one was Marnie.", "Movies about women in forced relationships anger me. I sometimes get horrible dreams from watching horror movies. I had bad nightmares after watching Halloween.", "I don't like watching old Western movies. I do like watching old scary movies. I am interested in seeing old romance movies.", "I like Val Kilmer, and enjoyed his performance in The Doors. I have not seen Tombstone yet."], "partner_persona": ["I love eating. Pizza and hamburgers are two of my favorite foods.", "I am female. I work part time in a warehouse.", "I like punk music.", "Alfred Hitchcock movies are my favorite. My favorite Hitchcock movie is To Catch a Thief. It was the first one that I saw.", "I like old movies the best. I like watching all types of movies. I found Tombstone with Val Kilmer to be a fantastic movie."], "current_conv": ["What other old directors do you like that have made the movies that you have enjoyed? Do you like any movies from modern directors?", "Obviously, Alfred Hitchcock is still my number one favorite old director. But I would say an easy runner-up would be David Lean. As far as modern directors go, I'm actually a HUGE fan of Quentin Tarantino's films. How about yourself?", "Wow, it looks like we have very similar tastes in directors an movies. Those are some of my favorites as well. Quentin Tarantino is just an absolute legend. I love the Kill Bill franchise, and also Pulp Fiction which is a cult classic. What are your favorite Tarantino films?", "Aha, that's awesome. I couldn't disagree with anything you just said. I could watch the Kill Bill franchise over and over. Pulp Fiction is absolutely unforgettable. I even really enjoyed Django, even though it caught a lot of flak. I would say my favorite, strangely, is From Dusk Till Dawn. Not his best movie, but it was one of my favorites when I was a little kid growing up. ", "Django is a great movie. I understand why it received so much criticism, but I think that it is a powerful story that mirrors Inglorious B**. History is dark, but I think Tarantino has confronted that darkness and created a triumphant and powerful story. Tarantino has always been a bit too liberal with his use of the N-word, although the racial politics of this movie are endlessly fascinating, forcing America to confront its sordid history, while paving the way for \u201c12 Years a Slave\u201d the following year.", "Again, I couldn't agree more. I'm all for peoples right's being protected, but I think when it comes to art and media, it's important that we give the correct voice to history, and make sure it is still heard. Churchill said, \"Those who fail to learn from history are condemned to repeat it.\" Censorship only does history a disservice. ", "What a great quote! Censorship harms everyone, it is important that all ideas are up for discussion. I think both of our love's for Tarantino and Hitchcock are rooted in the enjoyment of pushing boundaries and exploring controversy. ", "This has honestly been the best conversation I've had yet today - are there any movies coming out in the future that you're really looking forward to, or a particular director?", "I am really looking forward to watching Black Widow when it comes out on July 9th. I am a sucker for all the Marvel movies and I have enjoyed how the franchise has progressed recently. Do you like Marvel movies", "They've grown on me. I was really resistant to a lot of the modern superhero movies, but after watching the Avengers, I came around a little bit. I still wouldn't say I get excited when I hear new movies coming out, but I think I'm in a position to give them a chance. A little more open minded."], "history_conv": [["Are you human? I am a human!", "Yep and I love eating. Pizza and hamburgers are two of my favorites.", "Those are great! What kind of human are you? Male or female?", "Female but I work in a warehouse part time to have money for cruising.", "Cruising is fun! I am male. I'm really skinny though.", "You better eat those pizzas and burgers.", "What color is your hair? Mine's red and I have glasses.", "You stand out in a crowd. Or are you in a movie?", "Nope - not really I'm a nerd wallflower in casual clothes.", "Oic how about music? What do you listen to.", "Music is for normal people!", "How about punk music? Is that normal?", "That's pretty good music I guess!", "I like it and I like movies. Do you go often?"], ["I just watched a new movie! It was really scary.", "Oh nice, what is the name of the movie? Do you watch scary movies often?", "Not really. I often have bad dreams if the movie is gross. I watched an old Alfred Hitchcock movie, \"Rear Window.\" It still packs a punch.", "Haha yeah, scary movies usually end up being gross. That movie is super old, are you a fan of Alfred Hitchcock?", "I don't know yet. This is the first A.H. I've ever watched. I read he did cameos in all his movies but I didn't spot him. It's old, but new to me.", "So do you like \"Rear Window\"? I went through most of his movies in my college time.", "I really do. I could feel how powerless that guy would feel in a cast and wheelchair. I was holding my breath.", "Nice, yeah he's pretty good at creating certain atmospheres for scenes. I finished the stephen king book BTW.", "S.K. is great for atmosphere, just like A.H. Which S.K. did you just fnish?"], ["I watched another Alfred Hitchcock movie", "Did you like it? They are my favorite!", "Yes, it was good. Alfred Hitchcock movies are the oldest movies I have become interested in. The one I just watched is Marnie.What other Alfred Hitchcock movies do you recommend?", "Oh you have to watch \"Dial M for Murder\" and \"Suspicion\". Old movies are the best.", "I'll check those ones out. Movies about women that are forced into marriage or other kinds of relationships stir the angry side of me somewhat. It reminds me of slavery. What is your favorite Hitchcock movie?", "It's difficult to pick. Maybe \"To Catch A Thief\" just because it was my first and got me hooked.", "I'll check that one out too. The dreams I sometimes get from horror movies are horrible. I once watched the movie Halloween and lost an hour of sleep because of bad nightmares.", "Sorry to hear that. I like all types of movies so I don't have those kinds of issues.", "What other kind of movies do you like? I think I may start watching other kinds of old movies. I've usually only seen old Western movies, and I didn't like them. But so far, old scary movies seem to be good. Maybe I will also try watching old romance movies.", "Have you seen Tombstone with Val Kilmer?  It is fantastic.", "No, I have not. I liked his performance in the movie The Doors. What is Tombstone about? Tomorrow, I am going to ask my dad if he ever saw Alfred Hitchcock movies growing up.", "You should! So Tombstone is about some gunslingers who are brothers and finally settle down in this town trying to stay out of trouble. But trouble just keeps finding them no matter what."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like reading.", "I am an omnivore.", "I cook. I liked broiled fish and vegetables dish that I made. I cook most of my meals.  I usually cook boring things.", "I love kids.", "I cherish memories of my grandparents.", "I have dogs. I bake dog treats. My dogs love treats. My dogs are silly. I have two dogs from rescues."], "partner_persona": ["I dont cycle. I like pina coladas.", "I love to read and cook mediterranean dishes.", "Fish is one of my favorite foods to eat.", "I like artichokes.  I have been visiting my grandkids. I have three grandkids. I went to the beach yesterday with my grandkids. I love the beach. I have a 10 year old grandson.", "I do not have a dog. I used to have a dog. I want an older dog from the humane society. I am old and lazy."], "current_conv": ["What is your favorite kind of fish to cook and eat? ", "I'm a big food of pretty much any type of white fish, although I also have a soft spot for salmon when it's well done. Have you ever had good fish tacos?", "I agree on the salmon. It needs to be done right, but when it is it is delicious! I had the best fish tacos of all time down in Key West. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!", "There's a local food truck about thirty minutes from me that makes the best fish tacos with this amazing cilantro based sauce.  It was perfect! Now I'm excited to make dinner. What are your dinner plans for tonight?", "Tonight I am just having chicken and broccoli. Nothing exciting. How about you?", "I'm still trying to decide to be honest.  I made a lovely corn and crab bisque type dish last night, so I might just have leftovers.  What's the best dish you have made that makes great leftovers?", "Wow, that sounds intricate! You will have to make it for me next time I come by! I think anything with cheese and chicken makes for good leftovers.", "Oh yes!  I'm a big fan of anything with brown rice, chicken, and cream cheese, all just thrown into a pot to make this nonsense of deliciousness. I do so love cooking! Sometimes.  Sometimes lazy is more fun though, yes?", "Cream cheese goes great with literally everything! Lazy is always fun :)", "Yesss!  My wife makes an amazing queso using cream cheese and whatever other cheese we have on hand. Obviously this chat has just made me hungry.", "You are inspiring me to add some chips to my meal tonight! I can't hear queso and not crave chips!", "Don't I know it! Too bad the end of the month isn't until tomorrow. Have to wait on those paychecks. What kind of work or hobbies do you do?"], "history_conv": [["Hey do you like pi\u00f1a coladas and cycling?", "Hi, I'm far to old to cycle but I love pi na coladas lol.", "You can cycle at any age. I love it! You should come with.", "Sounds interesting but I love the beach.", "You can cycle on the board walk before and after taking a dip.", "Cool, what do you do for a living?", "I work in it. I love it!", "Ok, I'm always with my grandchildren.", "Well you can incorporate some of my favourites such as reading.", "Oh, I love to read and cook mediterranean dishes.", "I eat omnivore meals. Keeps me fit.", "Sounds like you're a pretty health conscious person."], ["I just cooked a Mediterranean dish this weekend and thought about you!", "Really!? That's awesome! What did you make?", "Broiled fish and vegetables. I forget the fancy name for it.", "Very cool! That sounds yummy! Did you like it?", "I did. It was rich and light at the same time. I wish I could remember what it is called.", "It's ok! I'm glad you liked it! Fish is one of my favorites! Do you cook a lot?", "I cook  most of my meals. But mostly boring stuff. I really branched out with this one. It had artichokes and olives. I will make it again for sure. What have you been doing lately?", "That's really cool! Artichokes are the best! I haven't been doing much, just visiting my grandkids!", "I love kids. how many grandkids do you have?", "I have three! They are lovely! Do you have grandkids?"], ["Were you able to take your grandkids to the beach during your visit?", "Yes! We just went yesterday.  It was pretty amazing and I was the cool grandparent for a day!", "That's awesome. I remember days like that with my own grandparents - moments I will cherish forever. Did you go in the water or just soak up some sun?", "I dabble my feet. My 10 year old grandson is fearless and spent most of the day running in and out. It was so much fun.  They were so worn out when I took them home.", "Sounds like a wonderful day. I spent a quiet day at home with my dogs. I ended up baking them some blueberry dog treats.", "So what ingredients do you use for that?  Can people eat those treats too?", "I guess people could eat them, they are probably a little blank. Oat flour, oatmeal, peanut butter, water, dried blueberries.", "Do your dogs go crazy over them?  I haven't had a dog in a couple years, but she went crazy for treats.", "Yes, both of them like zip around the house when I open the treat jar! They are pretty silly.", "I bet.  My Sandy was just like that.  I think I might get a new dog soon.", "Dogs are lovely. Both of mine are rescues - which comes with challenges but very worth-while.", "I would love to open my home to a rescue, but I think I'm too old for the challenges. I was thinking of the humane society and finding an older dog that requires less work."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to read.", "I am religious.", "I am not a vegetarian but I don't each much meat.", "I grew up poor and unable to afford much. I ate lots of vegetables growing up.", "I am of an older age.", "I have daughters. I have some grandchildren. I would like more grandchildren. I would like to live long enough to meet more grandchildren.", "I had an overdose of vitamin b12 vitamin 5 and I had a bad reaction.", "I have never grown vegetables. My grandmother grew vegetables in her backyard that she used to prepare dinner for her family.", "I subscribe to the local newspaper.", "I don't think I can afford a greenhouse right now.  I'm on somewhat of a budget."], "partner_persona": ["I am a single dad. I used to have a wife. I am divorced. We are Catholic. I have a son who is 8 years old.", "I am a vegetarian. I like vegetarian food. I like grilling vegetables during the summer. I like grilling eggplant, zucchini, and similar vegetables. I enjoy grilled vegetables with balsamic drizzled on them.", " My son does not like vegetables unless I deep fry them and serve them with ketchup. I grow my own zucchini.", "My health is not great. My doctor told me that I was on the path to developing heart problems due to my diet. I used to eat and drink unhealthily.", "In cooking I try to keep everything simple. My favorite veggie combo right now is cucumber/tomato salad with onions. I try to eat lots of fruits and veggies right from the tree or vine.", "I'm not sure if I could talk to plants."], "current_conv": ["I decided to make a veggie barbeque this weekend. Would you like to join us?", "That sounds good! I really need to get out more and meet more people. Is there any veggies or dishes you'd like me to bring in particular?", "Fantastic, I am so excited that you will be able to make it. I think we are set to provide all of the main dishes and barbeque, but if you would like to bring a dessert that would be so appreciated! ", "Oooh, a desert? I can't lie, I don't really have a lot of experience with making veggie desserts. I guess I can try to whip something up, but I'm nervous no one will like it!", "How interesting! I do not believe I have ever had a dessert that wasn't vegetarian - and I am struggling to even think of a dessert dish which contains meat. No matter, I do not want the party to be a burden on you. You can bring disposable cutlery and plates, if that will be easier.", "Well, a lot of desserts have gelatin and things like that in them that are animal based. I'm not vegan, but I try to avoid a lot of animal based products, just because I don't like how they are manufactured.", "Okay, sounds great! Will you be bringing your kids to the weekend barbeque? If they aren't with your ex-wife then I would love to see them.", "I will have to check in with her and see if she would be alright with that. I don't see why she would have a problem with it, though. I'd like them to have a chance to meet more kids from my neighborhood. ", "Great, I hope that they can make it. There will be quite a few other kids at the barbeque. Could you please remind me of their ages? I am trying to think if there will be kids there of similar age.", "I have a son, and he's 8. He's growing up so fast I can barely keep up lately, and it makes having all this space between us very difficult. ", "What a fun age! There will definitely be other 8-10 year olds at the barbeque for him to play with. This will be a great time for you two to bond. Has he gotten any better at eating his vegetables?", "Honestly, no. His mother feeds him all kinds of junk, so I feel like as soon as I make any progress with him, she just undoes all the hard work. "], "history_conv": [["Hi. Do you enjoy being with family and friends? I do-especially my grandkids.", "I do! I'm a single dad to one son and he's my world.", "I love to read and taught them how to read early.", "I'm trying to teach mine to recycle and reuse like I like to do.", "I want winter to stop. I need to move to a warm state near water.", "Yes! I agree. I want to go somewhere and work for animal rights.", "I love to worship god, so I will pray that happens for yu.", "Thank you! Do you eat meat? I'm a vegeterian.", "I don't each too much meat.", "I don't either I don't like it.", "Chicken kinda freaks me out if I think about it.", "Yeah me too and hot dogs yuck."], ["What is your favorite type of vegetarian food?", "I like to grill vegetables in the summer.  Mostly I like to do eggplant, zucchini, and things like that.  They taste good with balsamic drizzled over them.", "That sounds so good. Does your son like vegetables too? My grandkids hates them.", "I don't think any kids like vegetables.  I grow my own zucchini, so I cut them in strips and then lightly coat them with flour and deep fry them to make zucchini fries.  He seems to eat those...but drenched in ketchup only!", "I can agree to that. I only eat lots of vegetables since they are the only things I can afford growing up. How about you, when do you start liking vegetables?", "After my doctor told me that I was on a path to an early heart attack if I didn't stop eating and drinking like a roman emperor!", "LOL! That will turn most people into vegetables-eater. I also take my age into consideration and increasing my vegetables intake recently.", "For me, aside from my health, I am determined to outlive my ex wife also!", "Nice goal! Your son will appreciate that. I told my daughters I want to see more grandkids so I also want to stay around longer.", "I would love to be a grandfather some day, but for now, I relish every moment of being a dad and being with my boy.  He is making his first holy communion this year.", "How old is he now?", "He will be eight at the end of July."], ["Do you have any good recipes or instructions for grilled vegetables? I was thinking about what you said about how healthy they are, and I would like to follow in your footsteps. I am interested in trying some tonight.", "Honestly, I try to keep everything simple. I use extra virgin olive oil to grill them with and I let them cook just enough so they are perfectly tender and add a bit of balsamic and light seasoning.", "I have all the ingredients you just named, so I can start right away. I hope to be able to cook vegetables so well that even my grandchildren will learn to like eating them. What is your favorite vegetable dish?", "Well my favorite veggie combo right now is cucumber/tomato salad with onions. This is raw and not grilled but it is amazing.", "Sounds interesting. I believe getting nutrition from food may be better than getting it from vitamins. I once got a bottle of vitamins and didn't realize it had extremely high amounts of vitamin b12 vitamin 5 and I had a bad reaction. Now, if I need vitamins, it is probably safer to get it from vegetables.", "It definitely is better to get it from food especially straight from the ground and organic. Raw is better too. I try to eat lots of fruits and veggies right from the tree or vine.", "I may also try to grow my own vegetables. I have never grown vegetables. I was once told my grandmother grew vegetables in her backyard that she used to prepare dinner for her family. What vegetables do you suggest I try growing to start out?", "Probably tomatoes and sweet peppers. Those were pretty easy for me. Or carrots!", "Got it. Guess I have to wait for winter to pass. Or are there vegetables I can grow in winter? Maybe there is a magazine I can subscribe to that has all kinds of information about maintaining gardens. Do you know of any? I subscribe to the local newspaper and that's how I keep up to date on the news.", "I think those would need more summery or spring weather. Unless you have room to put a greenhouse of some sort. Try Fine Gardening Magazine or Amateur Gardening.", "I'll check those magazines out.  I don't think I can afford a greenhouse right now. I'm on somewhat of a budget right now. I've heard of people talking to their plants. I really think praying by plants would help them too!", "Yes, I've heard of people talking to them too. I'm not sure I could do that. I would feel weird. HA!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I fulfill multiple roles at a startup company. I work with numbers.", "I am stressed from my work.", "I have been getting up early. Exercising helps my work-related stress. I have a heavy work load. I have developed a sense of calmness and gotten better at saying no.", "I have a good boss. We have a lot of work between the two of us.", "I would like to work a more labor heavy job. I have tried some DIY work in the past."], "partner_persona": ["I read.", "I believe in Jesus Christ as a god.", "I need a break when I am stressed. I am less stressed at my new job.", "I am an English Tutor. I teach children grades 3-5th. The children I teach are from South Korea.", "I have a new job.", "I can not do DIY work."], "current_conv": ["I'm just glad to be home and relax a bit.", "Did you have a busy day?", "Every day is a busy day.  I envy you and your jobs, working with children has to be more emotionally rewarding than what I do!", "It can be very emotionally rewarding, but still often stressful. Children have so much energy, they can be a handful!", "No doubt, but having human contact is more fulfilling than working mostly with numbers.  I think that maybe working with my hands would improve my quality of life.", "Maybe! Have you considered changing careers?", "It's more of a daydream than a plan.  On a more pragmatic level, I've got a great boss and don't want to let him down by leaving.", "Maybe you can buffer the stress of working in a less hands-on field by taking on a tactile hobby!", "I already do to some extent, I work on improving my house when I have some free time.", "That's awesome! Do you have any other hobbies?", "I enjoy making simple, sturdy furniture, mostly just for myself and friends and family.", "Oh! So do you like woodworking, then?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you?", "Hey just over here reading. You?", "Taking a quick break from work. I work too much these days.", "Oh wow. What is it you do?", "I'm working at this startup as a consultant/coder/everything sort of thing.", "Oh wow. Do you find time to worship god?", "I'm afraid not. I'm not religious. Are you?", "I worship our great lord and saviour jesus christ and praise god every second.", "I hope that brings you peace. I could use more peace, I work too much.", "Yes seek out god. Not religion. Just god.", "Well god goes by many names :).", "Such as what? Give me examples please.", "There is an infinite number. For some, god is money. For others, nature, for others, aliens..", "Oh, I see you are being extra dextra. Trying to philosophisize."], ["I found a way to manage my work-related stress.", "That's so good! I'm glad! How do you feel about dealing with work now?", "I feel good at the moment! I've just been getting up early and doing some more exercise and I find it really helps.", "Do you still feel like your work load is too heavy? How are you managing lately?", "The nature of the work is that it tends to be heavy, but I've just built up my calmness and ability to stick to tasks and the ability to say no.", "Yeah, that makes sense. I'm glad your working through with it. I often find I just need a break if I'm stressed sometimes even as little as 10 minutes helps.", "Yes that's right. Have you ever had any stressful situations at your work that you'd like to relate?", "Not currently! I find I'm a lot less stressed lately than I was at my old job but you know how it goes. Sometimes just a bad boss can ruin a good job", "Yes, I suppose that's right. My boss here at my start-up is actually very good, but we just have so much work on the go it can be overwhelming for both of us. He's very smart.", "Oh yes then that is definitely a stressful situation to be in. But, as long as you have your goals and you and your boss are working through with it I suppose.", "So what is your work right now?", "I'm an english tutor for 3-5th grade kids from South Korea!"], ["I hope your day was better than mine. Today was a hard day from me. There was so much work to do and my boss was not there today to help me.", "Oh I'm sorry to hear that. What sort of work at the startup were you doing today? Mine was okay, kids were pretty entertaining tbh.", "Mostly paperwork and crunching numbers, nothing fun. That's great. What were the kids doing?", "Oh I did a lot of that at my last job, very soul crushing stuff. I hope things calm down soon. The kids were just up to no good, which made teaching pretty difficult but I had to laugh at some of their shenanigans. Will your boss be back tomorrow?", "It is pretty soul crushing. I hope it's worth it in the end. But are the kids good in general? Or do they not even listen to you?", "I'm sorry, I hope so too! They're pretty good and they generally listen, they just had an over-excited day I think. They have just come back from school holidays so they're yet to get back into the hang of things.", "That makes sense. Do you have any techniques to keep them engaged? Do you play games? I don't think I could ever do that job.", "I'm sure you could! It's actually pretty easy. But yeah we play lots of games, and I make sure they have a tiny break every twenty minutes or so because their attention span doesn't last much longer than that. Have you ever considered working a different type of job?", "No, I couldn't. You need some serious class-management skills that I lack. I'd like to try some physical job, like being a construction worker!", "Fair enough. But wow! That would be cool, do you ever do any diy stuff at home?", "Well, when we were remodelling the kitchen a few years back I tried to help. I'm not sure if I made it better or worse though. Have you done any diy?", "Hahaha that sounds fun! And no, I definitely don't have the skillset for that. I can barely put together Ikea furniture."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I moved from Britain. I work as a metal worker. I'm from a small town.", "I like stars. I own binoculars. My uncle gave me my binoculars.", "I live in a large town. I used to live in Britain.", "I owned a telescope when I was 10. I saw a meteor shower when I was 10.", "I have visited another state."], "partner_persona": ["I recently graduated.", "I live in a small town. I know the people who live in my town.", "I have lived here a long time.", "I want to relax under the stars.", "I enjoy stargazing.", "I own an old but functional telescope. I can see Orion with my telescope. I think I have seen an alien. I have spent $500 on a telescope. I have owned another telescope before.", "I use Facebook. I follow sky-related Facebook groups."], "current_conv": ["Have you seen anything interesting in the sky recently?", "Yes. I always see strange appearances, almost every night. Probably the government. Probably aliens. Probably both. I can never say for sure, but there is a lot they aren't telling us, that is for sure.", "I agree!  I have seen several things in the sky that looked suspicious.  I definitely believe in aliens...", "I believe too... THEY'RE OUT THERE. I wonder when and where aliens will make first contact - if they haven't yet already? Mind boggling. Have you seen any interesting as of late? ", "I actually saw something in the sky the other night as I was driving.  It didn't look like a plane, and it had a lot of lights.  I stopped my car, and it stopped too!  That freaked me out, so I got back in my car.  It started going when I did.  Weird.  How about you?  Have you seen anything weird?", "Did you manage to get any pictures? Please tell me you did! I see strange events almost every night, but last week I saw a small ball of light that appeared like it came up over the lake, and stayed suspended there for minutes. Then out of nowhere, it zipped straight up into the sky and disappeared!", "Wow.  That is really wild.  Unfortunately, I did not get any pictures. I wish I had!", "I always try to take pictures and videos of every event I observe. I can send some over if you'd like, maybe you can help me analyze some of them? I'm trying to make written reports for each of them so I can publish them online.", "Oh wow.  That would be awesome!  I have not gone so far as to do any of that, but now I think I will.  I would love to see what you have!", "I've got years of footage that I need to sort through. I could really use the help, honestly. Are you in any Facebook groups related to star watching or ufo sightings? I'm in a lot of them, I could invite you to them if you'd like.", "Oh, please do!  I am not a member of any, and didn't even know there were any...lol.  I'm so behind!", "Don't worry about it - not a lot of people are aware these groups exist. We share a lot of information with each other, and it's a lot of fun. I'll send you a few invites when I get a free minute to check my Facebook."], "history_conv": [["Hey.", "Hey are you still in high school?", "No, I just moved here from britain as a metal worker, how about you?", "Was it difficult to get a visa? I just graduated.", "Not really,had to make sure to have a job lined up. What do you plan on doing?", "No idea. But I know I want to leave this horrid small town.", "From a small town too, life moves too slow for me there. Loved seeing the stars though.", "Yes it isnt bad but I have been here far too long. I will send postcards back.", "To your parents? That's good to still be on good terms with them.", "Yes, that is the plan. I want to just relax under the stars. Good life!", "It's great getting to go out and finally explore around..", "Exactly! Wow, you get me so much."], ["What are small towns like?", "They're lonely, but a good lonely. I am glad to be away from the craziness of the city.", "That's good! How many people live in yours?", "About 250. It's strange whenever a newcomer visits the town because everybody knows everyone else here. How about your town?", "Right! It must be nice to have that sense of community with your neighbours? Where I live now is a bit larger, 2000 people or so", "I can see how it would feel different having that many people near you. It still beats being crowded like you were in Britain though, huh?", "Yes, everything is a bit more anonymous. Its nice to have a decent amount of land! What have you been up to this week?", "Oh, I've been searching the stars the past couple nights. It's crazy to think about how big the universe is and how many stars there are. More than I could ever see anyway.", "How amazing! That's another thing about not living in a city, no light pollution! Do you have a telescope?", "Yep! I do have a telescope. It's old and cantankerous but it gets the job done. I'll let you use it some time.", "That would be great, thank you! What's the furthest star you can see with it?", "That would be Orion. I've watched that baby twinkle so many times."], ["Have you ever seen anything strange with your telescope?", "What time I swore I saw a ufo or flaying saucer!", "That's wild. The first time I tried a telescope was when I was around 10 years old. I once saw some kind of meteor shower or something around that age with my naked eye and I thought it was the Devil in the sky", "Could you imagine being in the olden times and having no idea what was happening when you saw a shooting star or an eclipse", "Yes, the ancient people must have thought they were seeing gods. I sometimes use binoculars to look at the moon. I really hope I see a UFO one day. I have never seen one.", "I don't know if I would want to see one too close, I'd be a little scared, but definitely curious!", "Do you ever try to find information about where something interesting may be happening the sky? I once drove to another state to watch a full solar eclipse.", "Yeah, sometimes.  I'm also part of a few sky related facebook groups, that usually post when something cool is coming up.  It's always a little heartbreaking when it's somewhere across the world.  Sometimes people post videos though which is cool.", "That's great. How much did your telescope cost? I found some for sale online that are around $150. Does it have any accessories?", "Mine was bit more expensive, around $500, but it's not my first, so I went for one that was a bit more updated that can connect to my phone/computer", "That's awesome. The binoculars I have now were given to me by my uncle. It amazes me how effective the binoculars are. That's why I am excited for how much more a telescope can do.", "That's nice they have sentimental value too"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I teach jiu-jitsu. I like to take classes at the local college.", "I don't like horror movies.", "I stuffed the mushrooms with cream cheese, parsley, thyme, and other ingredients. I eat at fast food places.", "I just finished my classes.", "I have been taking nutrition classes. I am currently trying to eat healthier."], "partner_persona": ["I work at a fast food restaurant. I have a job where I get free food. My favorite meal is a hamburger with fries and a vanilla milk shake.", "I like the smell of roses and fern.", "I read John Grisham books.", "I do not like horror movies. I like movies of all genres other than horror. I like action movies.", "I like to cook. I try new recipes at home.", "I love the smell of ferns."], "current_conv": ["I just made a new vegetarian dish I think you should try.", "Oh that's interesting? What's the dish?", "It was based around beets and mushrooms with a nice dressing. I will send you the recipe! Maybe you can share one with me as well?", "I've been experimenting with some new ideas, but sadly none of them are vegetarian. Do you like tacos?", "That is ok! I can figure out my own substitutes for your recipes. I love tacos, vegan of course! ", "I've been working on this idea for deconstructed fish tacos. Can vegetarians have fish?", "That sounds interesting! Can't wait to see it come to life! Some vegetarians eat some fish, but vegan do not. ", "Oh! I am so sorry, That was inconsiderate of me! I have also been working on a new Japchae recipe that I could probably substitute the meat with tofu if that would be better!", "Not at all, no need to be sorry! I am only newly trying to eat healthy and respect others food choses. Like I mentioned prior, I enjoy taking a recipe idea and making it my own. ", "That's so cool! I am glad you're considerate of others food choices, I think I could learn a thing or two from you! Would you like to cook together at some point to see if we could put our minds together to make something interesting and new?", "Oh I love the idea. Let me know when you are thinking and I will be there! I am sure we could come up with some great dishes! ", "That would be so fun! Have you been teaching jiu-jitsu a lot recently?"], "history_conv": [["Afternoon how is your day going so far?", "I am doing great! I just got home from working at a fast food restaurant!", "Oh nice, do you enjoy your work? I know customers can be a pain.", "They really can but the smell of roses and fern in my home make up for it.", "Oh you enjoy flowers? They can really liven up an area..", "So what do you do for a living or for fun.", "I teach a jiu-jitsu class, and take summer courses at college to try to better myself.", "That sounds fun! I read a lot of john grisham.", "Reading is an excellent hobby! Do you have any other hobbies?", "Well I avoid watching horror movies.. I am not sure that counts as a hobby though!", "Not a fan of horror either. What is your favorite genre of movie?", "Oh just about anything but horrer. I watch movies a lot with my sister though."], ["Did I tell you the cool recipe I tried out today?", "No you didn't! What was it for?", "Stuffed mushrooms! One of them was a total disaster but the rest were delicious.", "Sounds good, what did you put in them?", "Cream cheese, parsley, and thyme to name a few ingredients. You really must try it for yourself sometime!", "You're making me hungry already! Do you cook a lot?", "I try to. It's difficult to resist the temptation of fast food places, as I'm sure you know haha.", "Yes I know the feeling! I like cooking too though, its great to try out new things", "Oh I figured you'd be tired of it all by now! What have you cooked for yourself recently?", "When I cook for myself I get to try new recipes rather than just cooking the same stuff all day like at the restaurant. I made a honey roast pork belly last, worked well with some mash and gravy", "Wow, that sounds incredible. I'd love to come over for a bite next time you cook.", "I would like that a lot! You're welcome to come over any time"], ["I saw the movie Nobody at the drive-in. It was fantastic. You might like it. It's all action.", "I do love action movies!  I'll definitely check it out.  How have your classes been going", "All my classes are done for the summer, I start up again in a few months.", "What classes will you be taking when they start up again?", "Some nutrition classes, I'm trying to eat healthier. I've been eating too much fast food in the past year.", "that's a good idea.  Same for me, actually.  I get free food at my job so I basically eat it every day.", "Do you have a favorite fast food item to eat?", "I love the classic hamburger/fries combo.  I always get a vanilla shake too even though I probably shouldn't.", "Does the place you work at have a secret menu with lots of fun and tasty options?", "Not formally but we've seen all of the rumors on the internet.  Enough people order the \"secret items\" that we know what people want now.", "I was wondering about something else you told me before, you said you like the smell of ferns. I've never smelled one, what do they smell like?", "It's hard to explain.  Pure heaven.  Maybe I can bring one over so you can experience it for yourself."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to snowboard.", "I was in a car accident. I do not have a car. I am looking for a new car.", "I like Charlie Parker's music. I went to a Charlie Parker concert. I am going to a Journey concert.", "I worked at cisco, but not anymore.", "I like food, including meat.", "I eat meat."], "partner_persona": ["I do not live in a cold place. I like the beach.", "I have 5 grandchildren (3 girls and 2 boys).", "I love Styx and Journey's music. I like older music. I saw a Journey concert when I was younger.", "I love Mediterranean food.", "I also like meat. I like to bbq. My favorite season is fall.", "I am ill.", "My grandchildren are aged 15 (girl), 13 (boy), 12 (girl), 10 (boy), and 7 (girl)."], "current_conv": ["Have you done anything fund with your grandchildren?", "We went to the beach last weekend! It is a good thing to do with them because everyone can enjoy it at any age.", "You do have arrange of ages. Do the younger ones still like building sandcastles?", "The 7 year old does, but the others say that is for babies. They are at that age where they are desperate be adults!", "I get that. Did you bring sandwiches? I love a picnic at the beach. ", "I do! Those kids always seem to be hungry! Speaking of...what are you having for dinner tonight?", "I have pulled pork in the slow cooker. I'm planning to have that with nice buns. It's too hot to cook. ", "That sounds delicious! I don't have any food, so I might just get a pizza.", "That sounds yum. What topping do you normal order? I like pepperoni the best", "I love ham and pineapple. Most people hate it, but it is my favorite!", "Each to their own. As long as I don't have to eat any. haha", "Fair enough! Give it a try sometime when you are feeling brave!"], "history_conv": [["Hi. Do you live in a cold place? I love to snowboard.", "That sounds fun! No I'm a beachbody.", "I wrecked my car and have to buy a new one.", "Bummer. I have grandchildren 3 girls and 2 boys.", "Do they like music? Charlie parker is my fave.", "Yes I love styx and journey older bands are awesome.", "I just left my job at cisco.", "Good for you! I've recently discovered I love mediterranean food. New fav!", "Yum. I like food...all food and enjoy all types of meat.", "Meat is good. I love to bbq in the fall. My favorite season.", "Most people are afraid to say they eat meat::-).", "Not me! I'm def a carnivore lol."], ["I have been online looking for a new car.", "Oh fun! Get a truck or SUV so you can fit your snowboard in it.", "I am definitely looking for that! Even if I have to pay attention to the price, you know. Have you planned any trip lately?", "Maybe a used vehicle. Subarus last forever. My daughter is obsessed with hers! Plus, it fits all the kids! I have not planned a trip; I am afraid I am rather ill.", "Thanks for the tip, probably a used vehicle is the way to go! I hope you can get well soon! Maybe when you feel better, we can go have a dinner outside together as old times! I discovered an amazing steakhouse!", "I would like that very much. Perhaps we should go sooner than later. If I book a flight for next week maybe you will have your new wheels and can pick me up from the airport.", "That sounds like a plan. Are you going to attend a concert or something?", "Not at all, but your steakhouse sounds lovely and I would love to see you. Now that you mention it, I am going to see if Journey is still touring.", "You are very lucky to have the possibility to hear him in live! I remember when I was young and I was going to listen to Charlie Parker's concert. It was amazing! But definitely we can meet as soon as I have my new car!", "There really is nothing like a live concert.", "That's totally true. I don't know what people would do if for some reason all the concerts would just be canceled!", "That could never happen! It would be too tragic. I need my grandkids growing up on live music and dancing! My daughter is worried I will turn them into hippies. She should be so lucky!"], ["I found tickets to the Journey concert.", "I am so happy for you and a little bit jealous!  I saw them when I was much younger and they still had Steve Perry.  They are amazing.", "Hey, you are still not too old to go. Are you interested?", "When is it?  I would love to go if it fits into my calendar.  The older grandkids are staying for a week, but other than that I am free.", "It's not until August. Let me know you schedule and I will get you some tickets. Have you exposed you grandkids to Styx and Journey yet???", "Oh that is so great!  I am free all August!  They go back to school again.  Oh, you know that I play them all the time in the car.  I played Journey's \"Don't Stop Believin'\" and they all said \"this is the song they played at the football game!\"", "A lot of kids think older music is lame, but as they get older they will appreciate it more. What are their ages?", "My fantastic five?  It goes 15 (B), 13 (G), 12 (G), 10 (B), and 7 (G)", "That's awesome. Do you think the parents are done, or do you think you will have more grandchildern?", "I think they are done.  You never know, of course, but 7 years is a long time and feels to me like they are all ready to be done with that phase.", "Good point!..... But you never know lol", "That's true!  More than a few \"oopsy\" I think I am one as there are 8 years between me and my older brother!  How did you get into Journey by the way?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I own a business. I am a travel agent and also crochet items to sell on Etsy.", "I have one cat.", "I live in florida. I love offshore fishing. I love fishing and beaches. I have gone fishing before but never on a boat.", "I watch television and movies. I watched Jaws the other night."], "partner_persona": ["I have a smart car.", "I have blonde hair and blue eyes.", "I fished in alaska. I lived there for 3 years.", "I own my own business. I live in the United States.", "I own a fishing boat company. I inherited my business from my father. I used to live in Alaska but have moved away."], "current_conv": ["I just got this order for a crochet fish that you HAVE to see!", "Oh, how exciting!! Congratulations on getting an order, I am so happy that your Etsy shop is doing well. What kind of crochet fish is the order for?", "They just wanted this multi-colored one with the button eyes that I put on them. They're very cute and make really great gifts for kids. I'm really hoping that the Esty business will pick up because I think it would be great for supplementing my income.", "How cute! You will have to send a photo of that order to me prior to shipping it out. If you could do Etsy full-time, would you take the opportunity and quit your travel agency job?", "I'll definitely send a photo over - do you think you might be interested in one? And, I'm unsure if I'd quit being a travel agent. The perks are really great, and I have a great connection with my clientele. Not to mention, they have been a great way of funneling traffic to my Etsy business! ", "Oh, how interesting. I had not considered using the travel agency to get more clients for your business. How do you advertise your crochet to your travel clients?", "I have a very close, almost friend connection with a lot of my clients. So, when they seem they are eager to learn more about the things I do, I share it with them. You'd be surprised how many people from my client base actually express interest in my personal life. ", "That is great to hear that you are so close with your clients. What a testimony to your excellent service! What are the majority of your crochet orders for? Do you do different animals and sizes?", "I've gotten a lot of orders for crocheted blankets, and those are usually the most expensive. The crochet fish are new, but I'm hoping people will show more interest in them. I was considering doing other animals, do you have any recommendations? ", "Wow, you are so talented to be able to create so many different crochet crafts. I do not know much about crochet or how difficult different patterns would be, but I think a bee crochet pattern would be really cute and popular. I have seen photo examples on Pinterest.", "Do you have any links you can show me? Maybe I'll make a test design, and if it's any good, you can keep it!", "Yes, I will send the links over to you via email. They are big round bees with little tiny wings, they look very cute. Do you usually use a pattern when you crochet or do you do it free hand?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! How is your afternoon going?", "Hi, it's going well but I am really ready to retire on the beach already.", "You and me both! Owning your own business makes a person crazy!.", "Yes! I had a business when I lived in alaska and it was a lot of work.", "Alaska looks beautiful. I am a travel agent in my other business. Would love to go.", "I love traveling. I take a lot of trips in my smart car.", "Do you have any pets? I have one cat at the moment.", "I don't but my parents live up north and have huskies.", "I live in florida and love it here.", "I love the beach, I look like a surfer with blonde hair and blue eyes.", "We do a lot of offshore fishing.", "I did some fishing in alaska as well. I was there for about 3 years."], ["How is your business doing?, I see you love to travel maybe we can hang out in florida some day and take a trip to some of the wonderful beaches over here", "The business is doing well so far today. And yes, I would love to travel down to Florida at some point.", "Oh, great! That would be fun, I'm always looking for new fishing buddies and love introducing people to the beautiful Florida beaches. What kind of business do you own, if you don't mind me asking?", "That sounds terrific - I've actually only fished in Alaska so this will be a new experience for me. And coincidentally - I actually own a fishing boat company! What about you?", "Oh wow, that's perfect! My business is fishing-related too, but mine's a little less practical. I have an Etsy shop where I sell hand-crocheted stuffed fish. It's gaining some popularity, but it's still just a side gig for now. But I'm hoping I can eventually quit my job as a travel agent and focus on my crochet business full-time.", "Oh, no way! That sounds like a terrific gig. Send me a link to your Etsy shop - I would love to check it out!", "Sure, it's [etsy link]! I take special requests, too. If there's something you'd like, I'd be happy to make you something on the house ;)", "Oh wow, that's so sweet for you to offer. I'll have to check out your shop and let you know some of my favorites :)", "Sure thing! So how did you get started with your fishing boat company? Seems like that would be a lot of work to get started up.", "It's actually something that my father started  many years ago. When I was living in Alaska, I brought the company with me. IT was definitely a lot of work, but well worth it!", "Oh, I see. A family business, that's really cool. And I'm guess you get unlimited free boat rentals for your fishing trips??", "Absolutely! If you're work ever has you traveling to my area, I'd love to take you out on the boat!"], ["Are pets allowed on the fishing boat, I'd love to be able to bring my cat!", "I wouldn't recommend bringing a pet on the boat unless you already know how they react to water. Has your cat been on a boat before?", "He has not, but once he fell into the bathtub and seemed ok with it afer he stopped clawing like a maniac", "Haha, I think that's a little different honestly. Maybe you could leave your cat at home while you go on the boat. What do you think?", "I already bought him a pole and a vest though...he'll be so disappointed. I told him when I landed a tuna it was all his. Can a cat devour a whole 100 lb tuna? That should be a sight to see", "Well that does sound like it'd be pretty cute... I'm not sure what your chances are of catching a 100 pound tune though.", "Oh I think I can land those monsters...they seem to do it in television and movies pretty frequently", "True, but real life on the boat can look a bit different. Have you done much fishing in the past?", "Only off a dock into a pond, but I think i'm ready to hunt either tuna or shark. I watched Jaws the other night...the sound wasn't on, but I think I got the gist of it", "Hm, I'd suggest watching jaws again with the sound on before going for a shark. Do you think your cat could take on a shark?", "maybe if he's wearing his vest", "I'm not sure that'd be enough to protect him honestly. How big is he?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have twin babies.", "I sometimes have time to read. I mostly read church news. I am Catholic. I go to church.", "I used to live in Sweden. My husband is a salesman who often travels.", "I currently live in the states. I prefer the United States over Sweden.", "I grow vegetables. I like spicy food.", "I have friends.", "I have tried Thai food. I want to learn how to cook more.", "I have a garden. I am growing tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers."], "partner_persona": ["I love to garden. I have a garden.", "I sell cars.", "I have traveled to Sweden. I found Sweden to be boring.", "I cook. I love spicy food. I like Thai food. I love eating mango fried rice with cashews.", "I do not go to church. I have spiritual beliefs.", "I have friends. I have a husband who does not travel much.", "My mother used to be a police officer who now opened a restaurant. I test items on my mother's menu."], "current_conv": ["Have you tried anything new for your mother's restaurant?", "I have. She has a new spicy soup that's very popular.", "I love soups. What's in it?", "It's a clear spicy chicken broth. I'll have to ask my mum for the recipe. ", "That sounds delicious. Lucky you getting to test the new items!", "I am lucky. How are your vegetables coming along now?", "I just harvested them. They're amazing! ", "That's great. Have you cooked anything with them yet?", "So far I've just been eating them raw. Fresh veggies are the best!", "They are, especially tomatoes. Though a hummus dip from the shops with the peppers and cucumbers would be tasty too. ", "I agree. I do love hummus.", "Do you have plans for the weekend?"], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm taking a break from my new twins. Lot of work.", "Oh wow. That sounds tough. Do you find time to read?", "Sometime but mostly just the church news on sunday when we go.", "Which denomination of church does your family attend?", "Catholic and we believe in families.", "Besides god do you have any other hobbies? Maybe gardening which I love.", "Well, mostly I am at home while my husband travels for work.", "Oh what does he do? My mum is an ex cop.", "He is a salesman and sometimes goes to sweden where I lived.", "I am in sales too! I sell cars. Sweden?!", "Yep, years now I am in the states..", "Do you prefer sweden or the us?", "Oh, the us of course. Feel like a native.", "Oh, I traveled to sweden and it is quite boring so I understand. :)."], ["What do you grow in your garden?", "Mainly I grow varieties of peppers and tomatoes.  I use them to make salsa", "I love salsa. I like growing carrots and squash for my church. I also grow hot peppers. Do you like spicy food?", "Definitely love spicy foods.  I'd love some tips on growing carrots. I have tried growing them, but they did not do well.", "What's your favourite spicy food? It's all about patience as I'm sure you know with gardening.", "It is hard to say which is my favorite, but I am rather fond of Thai dishes.  Do you can or preserve the vegetables for the church, or share them fresh?", "I love thai currys and noodles. I pickle some and share some fresh. Do you go to church?", "I don't attend church, but do have strong faith and try to live by example.  In a way, I see the world as one church.", "That's a nice way to see the world. I often go to church with friends as my husband is away a lot. Do you have a lot of friends?", "I have just a few close friends to share time with.  I prefer it that way.  I'm glad you have people to connect with through church.", "Better to have true friends rather than lots of friends I always say!", "That is an excellent perspective!  What kind of work does your husband do? My husband is in construction, but only travels a little."], ["My friends from church found a really good Thai restaurant. I highly recommend it.", "That sounds delicious. I love Thai food. I LOVE mango fried rice with cashews. Did you try it?", "Absolutely. That is one of life's greatest pleasures is trying and enjoying new food", "So true. My mom left her police officer job to open a scratch kitchen restaurant. I love that I get to test all the new food. :)", "That must be heaven on earth. I just keep making the same old food here in my home and I really need to branch out on my cooking abilities", "I get stuck in the same patterns as well. So I am thankful when she needs testers for new menu items because it gets me to eat different things. I enjoy cooking but I am just not that creative. Plus to make new dishes, it seems like you need a million ingredients that only pertain to that one dish.", "The science behind baking is bonkers. It's like you are taking potions class at Hogwarts and certain desserts need stirred a certain way and ingredients added in a certain order or the whole thing goes kaput", "That's such a good analogy. :) Never really thought of it like that. Are you growing anything special in your garden this year?", "Tomatoes, peppers, and cucumbers are the only plants I ever had moderate success with, but they've betrayed me in the past so we shall see this year", "I don't even try, it's like plants know I will kill them, even if I do everything right.", "Yeah...that's usually how it goes after the first month for me. IF these plants want to live they are going to have to do it on their own because i've probably forgotten about them by that point", "It's much easier and probably less expensive that I just go down and support a local farm. :)"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am allergic to dogs. I like dogs more than cats.", "I have two daughters. My daughters like scary movies. My daughters are in 10th and 6th grade.", "I was a psychology major in college. I am an assistant to a psychiatrist.", "I like running.", "I don't eat dairy or gluten.", "I like horror movies.", "I have a daughter, she is currently in a relationship.", "I don't like the responsibilities of being an adult, such as paying bills and taxes. I wish my daughter didn't grow up as fast.", "I found it easier to take care of my children when they were 6 months year old. I didn't get much sleep when my kids were babies."], "partner_persona": ["I am a decent painter.", "I like horror movies.", "I work for the government.", "I like naps.", "I have not seen the \"Conjuring\" movie.", "I have two sons. My sons are in 9th and 3rd grade.", "I have a son that is in 9th grade. I fear when he will grow into an adult. I need advice on how to handle my children when they start dating. I wish my kids understood how much I cared about them."], "current_conv": ["Three days ago, I had the pleasure of meeting the boy that my daughter is dating. He seems like a good lad, very respectful and committed to the relationship. I am much more relieved than I was when I first heard of their relationship, I am sure my daughter will be fine.", "Yeah, the dating part does worry me. It seems to really drive home the fact that your children are not little kids anymore. You are further along in the process than I am. Any advice?", "It is a challenge to say the least. Letting go is hard. I am new to this dating thing, but the only advice I have now is to try to trust your kiddo! Let them live a little so they can make mistakes and learn from them. ", "Your right. I assume when they are well into teenage land they are ninety percent done anyway. When did you first allow your daughter to date? ", "You are right! I let my daughter start to date when she got into high school. That environment is so large and social that I feel it would be suffocating to not let her spread her wings a bit. ", "That makes sense. You spend so much time protecting them that it seems so foreign to realize my job is to make sure that are fully functioning, independent, productive members of society. To stand back and let them rise or fall is very daunting to think about.", "Trust me it does not get any easier when that time comes either. There is a pit in my stomach any time my daughter leaves the house. But I do see a change in our relationship since I gave her freedom and she seems to respect me and engage more. ", "True. I suppose the upside is the constant shuttling her from place to place will no longer be an issue. Is she already talking about getting her own car?", "It is nice sometimes! She only drives her car to school, activities and social events that are during the day. I am still not comfortable with her driving at night with all the crazies in the world. ", "My oldest is already trying to sell me on the idea that he needs his own car. He keeps telling me how owning his own car will take so much work off my shoulders. He is definitely doing the hard sell.", "Good for him! You have to be proud of his \"go get it\" mentality! ", "Absolutely. I applaud his effort and told him I will match him dollar for dollar and/or up to 2500 for the purchase. He has already starting mowing lawns."], "history_conv": [["Hello! What's an interesting fact about yourself?", "Hi, I'm a decent painter if that counts. You?", "Cool! I'm allergic to dogs, but like them better than my cats.", "Neat, I really like horror movies, and I like watching them with my two kids.", "Cool! I have two kids too,daughters, who love scary movies.", "What do you do for work? I work for the government.", "In college I majored in psychology, now I work as an assistant to a psychiatrist.", "Neat, what is your favorite thing to do for fun? I enjoy naps haha.", "Running as it is something I like to do, gotta love the naps.", "Thats great it been nice to get to know you.", "You too! Another fun fact, I don't eat dairy or gluten.", "That is a fun fact? Haha.", "Fact? Yes,fun for me? No.", "I get it, oh well cheese and ice cream are over rated."], ["My daughters and I recently watched the new \"Conjuring\" movie. It was great!", "Really? I love horror movies I need to watch it. How is your other daughter doing?", "They're both doing fine.  They're busy at school and both doing well.  I'm so proud of them.  We rented the Conjuring as a reward because the older of the two got her first \"A\" on a History test.", "That's great! My kids are doing well in school too, they're both great kids!", "What grades are yours in?  My two girls are in the 10th and 6th grades.", "My oldest boy is in the 9th grade and my youngest is in the 3rd grades. Sometimes I wish I would have had them closer together!", "I'm already looking forward to when my oldest leaves the house and am not looking forward to it.  At least the gap between yours gives you some extra time with at least one of them home.", "Yes true, but sometimes I'm ready to get some \"me\" time back. I miss taking naps everyday!", "Yes, I can agree with that.  Has your oldest boy started dating yet?  My oldest daughter has.   That scares me, too.", "He has told me he's interested in one girl. I'm not going to discourage it, but I definitely want to meet her before they take things too far.", "Yes, that seems responsible.  I'm going to try to monitor my girl's social media to keep tabs on her.  I don't care whether she thinks that's a violation of her privacy or not.", "Sometimes these kids don't understand the danger they could be in! We have to keep tabs all the time"], ["I just saw on my daughter's social media account that she is officially in a relationship with a guy. I am not sure if I am ready for this.", "Oh no! She is becoming an adult now. Are you nervous?", "absolutely i'm nervous...being an adult sucks. bills, responsibility, worry about the state of the world, taxes...where's the fun in that. She should just be a kid for as long as possible", "I agree! I will be there with you soon. I have a son in the 9th grade, so it won't be much longer for me. I still look at them at 6 month babies :(", "Yeah...I mean 6 months are no picnic either, but it was definitely easier psychologically because you knew where they were at all times", "I know. Maybe after you go through this experience you can give me some advice on how to handle mine when they start dating.", "Hope for the best and explain how much hard work it is raising a child I guess...there's no more sleeping in with babies that's for sure", "I know it's sad. It goes by so fast. I wish they could understand how you feel about them, but they won't until they have there on kids.", "Yeah...and if you tell them that it goes right over their heads.", "I'm not sure who will have it easier between me and you. I'm hoping 2 boys will be easier than 2 girls.", "I wonder if they've done scientific or psychological studies on this very thing and have declared one gender a winner over the other in terms of ease of parenting", "I'm guessing that both have there issues. Neither is easy!!!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have twin children. I babysit twins. I work taking care of my children.", "I enjoy tennis.", "I'm not artistic.", "I plan for my future.", "I'm scared of water. I might try swimming.", "I might sign up for an art class. I don't have great art skills.  I'm nervous about art class.", "I grill about once a month.  My kids like to eat cereal."], "partner_persona": ["I just received my master's degree in history. I live on a houseboat. I currently work as a bartender.", "I have two brothers and two sisters.", "My mom works for FedEx.", "I enjoy going to the movies, shopping, or just hanging out with my mom. My mom is my best friend.", "I like the Indianapolis Colts.", "I have played tennis; I enjoyed it. I am good at tennis.", "I'm an understanding person.", "I like to try new things.", "I have insurance. I have peace of mind.", "I grew up with a big family.", "I like cooking, basketball and playing video games. I like to grill. I love Lucky Charms cereal."], "current_conv": ["Do you travel anywhere on your houseboat or do you just stay in one place?", "I enjoy traveling all over on my houseboat. It is a little bit of an older boat so I can not take it out too far in fear that I will hit some rough water. But it is nice to travel around the lake during nice weather. You can come out on the boat sometime.", "I would love that. Have you had the houseboat long?", "Not too long, I have lived on the houseboat for the last 5 years. I bought it off of one of my mom's work colleagues, he had inherited it from family and did not want to put in the time and effort to fix it up. It has given me a great place to stay while I work on my masters.", "That was super lucky. Are you quite handy then? Have you had much joy looking for graduate jobs?", "I am not very handy, but through trial and error and many YouTube videos I have been able to figure it out. It took me nearly a year to complete all the maintenance done on the boat. And yes, I have gotten a job at the local museum as a curator. ", "Youtube is the greatest so learning things. Well-done on completing the maiteance", "Thank you so much. You mentioned before that you are scared of water, but you are more than welcome to come visit me on the houseboat any day. If you would like, we can leave it docked and maybe that will lessen your fear. You can bring your kids too.", "I have booked swimming lessons, so hopefully I will become less scared. I think I'll leave the kids at home. I don't want them picking up my fear. And congrats on the new job. Are you liking it?", "Oh good, I am happy to hear that you are committing to swimming lessons. Yes, I have been enjoying my job very much! It has been such a joy to interact with all of the historical art that the museum acquires.", "Yes, I start next week. I've even bought a costume so I'm really committed now. Great that's you enjoy your job. Do you have a lot of colleagues?", "You will have to keep me updated on  your endeavor. No, there are not many of us that work at the museum. The museum employs only 50 people, and there are only 5 other people within my department. But I do like them all. "], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you doing?", "Hi! I'm great. I just graduated with my masters degree!", "Oh that is wonderful! What did you major in?", "History. Now I'm living on my houseboat and working as a bartender.", "Enjoy your free time while you have it! My twins keep me busy as anything!", "Twins wow! I have 2 brothers and 2 sisters.", "Oh jeez, that must have been hectic growing up. Do you have any hobbies?", "I like to hang out with my mom on her days off from fedex.", "That is really sweet of you, what do you two enjoy doing?", "Shopping, going to the movies just hanging out.she's my best friend.", "I hope I have that relationship with the twins. Do you enjoy sports?", "I like watching the colts.", "I am not sure who they are, but I enjoy tennis!", "I've played that before and enjoyed it."], ["I looked away for a minute, and the twins managed to find the magic markers and graffiti up the the living room wall during that time. Thank goodness the markers are washable.", "Oh no! That does show some creativity though! What did they draw?", "I feel like a bad parent for saying this, but I really have no idea! Dinosaurs, maybe? At least they didn't draw on each other this time.", "They draw on each other? haha. You're not a bad parent at all, maybe get them some paper and show them they can draw all over that instead", "That's the funny thing. They've got so many supplies, but they seem to prefer everything else as a creative surface. Maybe they'll be famous some day and pay me back for all my labor :)", "Wouldn't that be amazing. I think it's great that you let them explore themselves like that. Are they old enough to be signed up for art classes?", "Yes and no. As you can see, they have some behavioral issues. Maybe a tutor would be better. I certainly can't help them with art, but maybe someone else can!", "That's a great idea. You know what's best for them, and hey maybe the tutor can make it stick that they shouldn't draw on your walls anymore!", "I would love that. I'm sure they'll grow out of it, and I'm looking forward to that day. By the way, tell me more about your houseboat! Is it as interesting as it sounds? Maybe I ought to get one in my retirement.", "It is very interesting to say the least. I'm still getting used to it, but I wanted to get out of my comfort zone and do something I would not usually do. Rocking on the water can be very soothing, but also terrifying because sometimes I worry if I'll sink!", "I'll bet! I think I'd have nightmares for sure. Is it dangerous?", "I did a ton of research and have insurance in case anything happens, so that calms me down a bit. If I have it in my mind that I'll be safe it stops me from panicking"], ["I'm thinking about signing up for an art class with my kids!", "That sounds like a lot of fun! If I had the time, I would do the same thing. Growing up with a big family, I never really had the chance to do it. Are you excited?", "I am a bit nervous, since my art skills aren't the best. But anything for the kids eh?", "That\u2019s right. Who knows? Maybe you\u2019re a great artist and just haven\u2019t realized it yet because you haven\u2019t had a good teacher. I was never any good at tennis until I found a good instructor. If not, maybe there\u2019s something else you can do. Do you think there\u2019s any other hobbies you might want to take up for your kids?", "Well I guess I can try swimming. What are your tips when you want to try something but are afraid of it?", "I think the most important thing to remember is that it\u2019s okay if you fail. You can always get back up and try again. I do that when I play tennis but I do it with everything else I do, too. I like cooking. I like basketball. I even like playing video games. I always just try to have fun and if I fail, I try again. I know you like tennis but what else do you like to do?", "As it turns out, I really do like tennis! I would really like to emulate the slam action Roger Federer did in that French Open, for one.", "I'm a big fan of Roger Federer. I think he'd be a good role model for you, too. Maybe you can use his champion attitude to inspire you to do something else.", "Hah yes! I bet if I had all his energy, I might just take my children on a sailboat! How's the houseboat life for you?", "I love living on my houseboat like always. I just bought a new grill, so I can barbecue on the dock. I love grilling beef and chicken. Do you ever grill?", "About once a month, given how much prep has to be done to the grill, vs how much grilling my two children seem to give me when they want their cereal just the way they like it.", "Yeah, it's a lot of work. You can never go wrong with cereal though. I love Lucky Charms. What kind of cereal do your kids like?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am 72 years old. I have 8 grandchildren. I have children.", "My previous job was a librarian. My mother was also a librarian.", "I like to watch tv, netflix, read, and listen to music.", "I am quiet.", "I think the documentary The Social Dilemma is the best movie on Netflix.", "I don't use social media. I am reading a book series right now.", "I also enjoy memoirs.", "I am currently reading Trevor Noah's memoir, and I find it really interesting. I do not like when a book takes too much effort to interest a reader. I think a good book takes no effort to get into.", "I have a kindle I received as a gift. My grandkids get happy when I use the kindle they gifted me. I prefer physical books over digital ones."], "partner_persona": ["I am a tax account and I am at the computer all day.. I moved last month to a new apartment.", "My favorite musician is sufjan stevens. I like to read and listen to music.", "I like to run and eat high-protein foods after.", "I am both quiet and loud.", "My favorite movies are any of the star wars.", "I saw the Social Dilemma.", "I like to read memoirs. I have read Trevor Noah's memoir before, I found it a quick read.", "I like reading, but dislike when a book is hard to get into and is a slow read. I read a little every so often. I read when I am by the pool and sometimes at work. I did not like reading when I was a kid.", "I prefer audio books over reading actual books. Audio books help me relax my eyes over reading.", "I am interested in getting a kindle, to use over paper books."], "current_conv": ["I discovered a new memoir a day ago that I have started to read, and I think you might be interested in reading it as well. It also can be found as an audio book, with several narrators that you might enjoy and like listening to. ", "Oh! Who is it about?", "The book is titles \"Cant Hurt Me\" and it is a memoir for David Groggins. He talks about his transformation from young adult into a US Armed Forces elite.", "Oh wow! I'll have to get it! It would be nice to be able to see things from the perspective of someone who went into the military, it's such a different world than being a civilian!", "Yes, it is really a good read. The story locks you in from the very beginning as he details his childhood of poverty, racial prejudice, and physical abuse. Through his 40% rule on mentality, he transformed him self from depression into the only man in history to complete elite training as a Navy SEAL, Army Ranger, and Air Force Tactical Air Controller.", "That's a heck of a resume he built! So far the only elite training I've ever completed was being an elite snoozer. It's so hard to get out of my cozy bed for my morning run somedays!", "Hahaha an elite snoozer! How funny! I can definitely relate to that. But, David Groggins argues that most of us only tap into 40% of our capabilities we must push past that pain and fear threshold to achieve our potential. It has really changed my life since I began implementing it.", "That sounds so inspirational! I think I'll enjoy reading it! How are you doing today?", "I am doing fantastic today, thank you for asking. Have you read any good memoirs lately? I would love a recommendation from you.", "I just started reading Negroland by Margo Jefferson, and it's a real page turner! I love how she describes what it was like in their own little cultural corner of Chicago when she was growing up. ", "Oh, interesting. I will definitely pick that up when I am at the library next. Where did you first hear about this book?", "Honestly? I googled for some good memoirs. I wanted to find something that gave me a view into a different culture, so I just shopped around and found it!"], "history_conv": [["Hi! Tell me about yourself. I'm 72 with eight grandchildren.", "Hi I'm a tax account and moved last month to a new apartment.", "Wow! I used to be a librarian. So was my mother.", "I like to read and listen to music, my favorite is sufjan stevens.", "I like to watch tv, especially netflix. I enjoy reading and music also.", "I like to run a lot and eat high-protein foods after.", "Sounds healthy. I'm kind of quiet, are you?", "I can be quiet and I can be loud. It varies..", "I'm pretty quiet. But, I do like to have a good conversation now and again.", "Oh yes a good conversation is priceless.", "I agree. Do you have any good movie recommendations?", "I love any star wars movies. What about you?"], ["I just saw the best movie on netflix. I have got to tell you about it.", "What movie did you see?", "It's a documentary called The Social Dilemma. Have you seen it?", "Yes, I remember that movie. It was very thought-provoking, especially about the rewards our brain is receiving for interacting with social media.", "I don't use social media very much, but I made sure to talk to my kids about it. I don't want my grandchildren having their mental health affected!", "That's very wise of you to start that conversation with your children. What are you reading these days?", "I am reading a cozy mystery series called Stranded in Provence. It is about an American who gets stuck in Provence during her vacation and starts solving crimes. What sort of things do you like to read?", "I like to read memoirs. Right now I'm reading Born a Crime by Trevor Noah.", "Born a Crime? That sounds interesting. Is Trevor Noah the man who took over for Jon Stewart?", "Yes, I think he's doing an excellent job on The Daily Show, and it's very interesting to read about how he grew up in apartheid South Africa.", "I enjoy memoirs as well. I will have to check that out. I imagine he had a very interesting experience. What other memoirs do you recommend?", "I just finished reading I'm Still Here by Austin Channing Brown, which was also interesting and also related to racial issues. It's almost time for my run, so I will load up an audio book and head out."], ["I checked out the memoir by Trevor Noah you said you are reading, I've gotten through the first sections. It is so interesting!", "Great! That's awesome. I am glad you are enjoying it. It's written in a way that makes it a very quick read.", "Quick read indeed! I think I\u2019ll be done in 2 days tops :)", "That's perfect. I like to read but hate when it's hard getting into a book or it doesn't progress quickly.", "So true! As a librarian, I notice this all the time... no effort is needed to read a good book and all the effort is not good enough if the topic doesn\u2019t interest you...", "Absolutely. I like to do a little reading when I am sitting by the pool and sometimes it's \"work\".  I wish someone had told me exactly what you just said earlier in life... When I was a kid, I hated reading.", "Yes that\u2019s the story with most kids... glad you\u2019re enjoying reading now! Do you mostly go for audio books?!", "I sometimes read actual books, but I find that using audio books is easier in the car and when I am hanging around at home. Being a tax accountant, I start at my computer and paper all day, so audio books is a nice break for my eyes.", "I see... that makes perfect sense given your lifestyle! I was gifted a kindle few years ago but have to ad zile", "That's cool. I should look into that. Might be easier when I am lounging by the pool, than a paper book!", "Yeah but audio is still better to give your eyes a break :) I use the kindle to make my grandkids happy- it was a gift from them but can confess to you that when I\u2019m alone I reach out for physical books, nothing like flipping the paper pages with your fingers lol", "Do you have good battery life with the Kindle?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work on a farm.", "I take care of pigs, chickens and cows.", "I like fresh eggs that come directly from a farm.", "I have three kids. Two of my kids are not in high school and one of them is a high school freshman.", "I've been to college. I liked going to college. I did not go to community college. I studied philosophy. I am passionate about my profession.", "I empathize with others."], "partner_persona": ["I have 2 small dogs.", "I like to eat eggs.", "I'm on my high school track team. I participate in track and field. It is my last year of high school. I plan to go to college. I get good grades.", "My parents did not attend college. I am the first in my family to go to college.", "I want to be a nurse. I like to help people. I plan on working in an emergency room after graduation.", "I have no college educated family members."], "current_conv": ["My chickens have been laying eggs with very orange yolks lately, you would love them.", "That is so cool! Do they taste better than regular eggs with yellow yolks?", "I'm not sure, but maybe I'll do a taste comparison. My kids love the color, though. And any way I can get my kids to eat eggs is a good thing.", "My mom says I hated eggs as a kid, too. She had to mix them into my other foods without me knowing to get me to eat them. What kind of foods do your kids like?", "Pretty much anything, but I try to give them foods that they can recognize. We're not vegans, so it's pretty easy to make meals for them. I try to stay away from too much processed foods, too. I'm not a health nut, but I want my kids to eat a variety of foods. What about you? What do you like to eat?", "Well, I really like steak but lately I have trying to do a vegan diet so I've been eating a lot of raw vegetables. Hopefully healthy eating will help me get that track scholarship! ", "Yes, healthy eating is good for a healthy body. But don't forget, you need your protein. You're still growing and you need your strength. Obviously you can get your protein from a vegan diet, but it can be quite restrictive. Sorry, that's the mom in me coming out! Ha!", "That's exactly what my mom said when I told her I was going vegan. You moms are all alike, lol. I have been trying to eat a lot of nuts a few times a day to make sure I get enough protein. Do you have any other suggestions for vegan protein? ", "Yes, we're all alike! HaHa! Well, there's tofu of course. There are lots of ways to prepare it. And all those plant based meat products are good, too. Or so I've heard. I've never actually tried it, though. You can always take supplements, but I would go for natural sources of protein myself.", "That's a great idea! I will look up some tofu recipes today. You seem to know a lot about nutrition. Did you take any classes in that field when you were in college? Or is it just something you learn from growing food yourself?", "No no classes. It's just something you learn on your own when you have kids. Plus being on a farm makes you look at nutrition a lot. You have to make sure your animals are healthy or else you go out of business!", "Well you really know your foods, so I bet you raise great quality meat. Do you every sell your meats to individuals? I'd love to buy some (as soon as I'm done being vegan, that is.)"], "history_conv": [["Hello, do you have any animals?", "Hello! Yes, I do actually have 2 dogs. Both of them are purse dogs. How about you?", "Adorable. I love dogs but also work on a farm.", "What kind of animals do you have on your farm?", "Pigs, chickens, and cows to name a few.", "Nice! I love farm fresh eggs.", "I can't have store bought eggs because these are so much yummier.", "I agree! I love eating boiled eggs after running track.", "Do you run for a team?", "I actually run track in high school. I'm a senior.", "One of my three kids is in high school. He is a freshman.", "Oh wow! I am looking forward to college. I have been maintaining straight a's for it! (:.", "That's incredible! College is a lot of fun, you'll enjoy it.", "My parents never went to college, so I will be the first in my family!"], ["What college do you plan to attend?", "I'm not really sure yet. I would love to go somewhere out of state, but I will probably have to go local to be able to afford it.", "I don't know. With those grades, you may be able to get scholarships to whatever school you want! Do you know what you want to study? That could help you pick a school if they have a good program for it", "Maybe. It's just so expensive. I think I want to be a nurse. It seems like it would be a good job and I like to help people.", "That sounds like a fantastic career path! I bet there are some great programs in-state for that. Or you could go to community college for the first couple of years and save money! I kinda wish I had done that.", "That is probably my smartest plan. What did you study for in college?", "I studied philosophy. Probably why I ended up working on a farm. Too much to think about and ponder. I would rather be at peace with my animals in nature.", "That's interesting. I guess you have lots of time to ponder things when you're working on your farm... or do your kids make that difficult?", "They are in school much of the day, so I have plenty of time think about the unknowable. It can weigh on you, ya know?", "I guess so. I'm pretty busy with school and track, so not much time to ponder the unknown for me! Although being alone in nature sounds wonderful.", "That is probably for the best at your age. No need to worry about all of that. How is track going? Do you plan to continue in college?", "It's going great. I won hurdles in our last meet and my team came in first in the relay. I would love to continue track in college. That's one of the things I'm keeping in mind as I look for schools."], ["I found a community college near you that has a great track program.", "oh that\u2019s great. Maybe I can try for a scholarship.", "I am sure you will be a able to get a scholarship... you are a star student... just keep up the hard work in college coz sometimes students slacken after graduating from highschool", "I plan to make my family proud.  It would be a great honor to be the first in my family to go.", "That is truly wonderful! With that kind of attitude you are bound to shine :) What is your major going to be?", "I want to be a nurse so hopefully they have a nursing program.", "Oh yes! It\u2019s great when the professions we pursue are in alignment with our personality and aptitude!", "I love helping people.  I would like to work in the ER when I am done.", "I can imagine the intense atmosphere in an ER where only the most resilient can thrive and only those like you who truly love helping people should be there... I have heard horror stories of uncaring nurses that make me shudder", "That\u2019s so sad.  Someone should", "True... a lot of people these days just go for lucrative careers to the exclusion of all other considerations:(", "Do your kids know what careers they want to go into when they get older?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just moved.", "I moved to Maine.", "My dad was a farmer.  My grandfather was a farmer. I help my dad and grandfather with the farm.", "I drove to Michigan 2 weeks ago.  I saw a nugent play.", "I have never been in a houseboat.", "I have an etsy shop and sell handmade candles and other treats.", "I am taking a houseboat vacation. I love to swim. I am going to vacation on a lake in Michigan."], "partner_persona": ["I work.", "I live on a houseboat. My houseboat is on a salt water lake near Seattle. It is pretty spacious.  I live by myself.", "My mom is an airline pilot for Fedex.", "I like cycling.", "I am on Puget Sound.", "I own a breakfast and coffee place by the shore. I like making people happy by feeding them.  I like listening to their life stories. I meet interesting people at my breakfast and coffee place.", "I love scented candles.", "I have been living on a houseboat for a few years. I have a car."], "current_conv": ["Is it difficult to go to and from work in the winter?", "No, Winters are not too bad here. We rarely get any snow at all. Usually it's just a bit chilly and raining that time of year.", "that doesnt sound bad at all, especially compared to the winters in Maine.", "Not like Maine at all. I been skiing in Maine, so I know all about how cold it gets there. Do you ever go skiing?", "There is great skiing in Maine, Im not the best at it but i do look forward to giving it a go this winter! ", "That's exciting. My brother lives in Boston and goes to Maine all of the time. He has a snowmobiling camp there.", "That is too cool, do you ever go snowmobiling in the winter with him?", "I haven't been on a snowmobile since I was a kid. My parents used to take us all the time. But, Seattle is so far away from my family in New England, that I generally only visit in the Summer.", "Summer travel is definitely easier with that much of a distance, do you generally fly or drive since you have a car?", "I can't imagine driving that far. It's take me a month to go back and forth. I barely put any miles at all on my car. I probably put more miles on my dinghy than I do my car.", "Living on a lake i can see how that makes sense. Do you use your bicycle more than your car?", "Not really. My typical routine is take the dinghy to the dock and then walk to the cafe for work from there. I actually park my car at work, I sometimes go days without using it."], "history_conv": [["Hi! How are you?", "I'm doing great. I have to go to work in a couple hours.", "Oh sorry :) I'm working on unpacking...just moved.", "Where did you move to?", "Maine. I'm a maniac now.", "Haha. I've lived on a houseboat for the last two years.", "Wow that's amazing. On the ocean, lake, or?", "On a saltwater lake near seattle.", "That's very cool. My dad and grandfather were both farmers. Land is in my blood lol.", "My mom is an airline pilot for fedex so I guess were kind of opposites.", "Hehe that's pretty funny. Between the three of us, we have the major domains covered.", "What do you like to do for fun?", "Well, a couple of weeks ago I drove out to michigan to see nugent play. You?", "From maine? That's a long way to go to see the nug. I like cycling."], ["Where exactly are you? I am going to take a houseboat vacation and I thought your lake would be a good place for it.", "I am actually on Puget Sound. You should definitely visit. There are so many beautiful places over here. I haven't even explored all of them.", "That would be wonderful! Do you have any recommendations for what to look for in a houseboat? I have never been in one and don't know what to look for in this vacation. Living on a houseboat must be amazing!", "It is quite exciting! You can just stay with me! My houseboat is pretty spacious and I live by myself. When are you thinking of visiting?", "Oh wow thank you! I would love to travel in July or August. Maine gets pretty busy with vacationers in the summer and it would be nice to get away and be a vacationer myself. Do I need anything special for a trip to live on a houseboat?", "Not really but if I think of anything, I will let you know. Summer here is beautiful, you will love it! Are you helping your dad with the farm?", "Yes, it is a lot of work! I enjoy it though. It has certainly brought me closer to my family- my dad and grandfather in particular. We work and bond and get to know each other more every day. What do you do for work?", "I opened a breakfast and coffee place by the shore. I like making people happy by feeding them. And I like listening to their life stories.", "That sounds idyllic. How wonderful for you. It is amazing to do something you enjoy and I'm betting you learn something from your customers every day.", "Oh yes, I meet such interesting people. It was my dream to own a place like that.  What are you doing for work?", "I have an etsy shop and sell my handmade candles and other treats! I am doing something I enjoy and can work at my own pace while I tend to my family duties.", "How fun! I need to check out your store. I love scented candles. How long have you been doing that?"], ["How is your vacation planning going?", "It is going well! We haven't decided where we want to go yet, but we've narrowed it down!", "Nice!  I can't wait for my houseboat vacation.  I'm sure it will be an adventure!  How long have you been living on your houseboat?", "I have been living here for a few years! It is so nice! Where are you going on your vacation?", "On a lake in Michigan.  I'm excited for the trip! I love swimming so I'm excited that I'll be able to swim any time I want.", "That is definitely the benefit of the houseboat, swimming whenever you want!", "Do you have a house too or do you always live on the houseboat? What about a car?", "I live on the houseboat actually. I do have a car that I park on the shore, I just paddlbe boat to shore when I want to drive.", "That's really cool.  It must be interesting when you go grocery shopping - loading everything into the car and then into the boat to paddle home.", "Yeah that is always a pain! Especially when the weather is rough and the waves are rocking", "Oh yea that must be difficult!  Gosh you must have so many stories to tell living in such a unique way.  People at your breakfast place must love chatting with you!", "Haha I most definitely have some legendary stories to tell! You should take a trip here sometime to hear them!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I carefully budget my money so that I have a monthly surplus.", "I make art. I am self employed. My income comes from my art. I work a lot in a studio and write notes. I love art and my job.", "I have become a connoisseur of meats.", "I have never hunted, but I always wanted to try it.", "I want to do an art gallery that includes art made with charcuterie boards and platters.", "I am an artist that creates different art. I want to use different cheeses and fruits in my art to make it stand out. My art gallery will change constantly as my art will be eaten at the end of each night.", "I enjoy vintage t-shirts."], "partner_persona": ["I work in a factory and really enjoy it. I consider myself a workaholic.", "I collect meat to eat.  I see myself as a carnivore. I love meat. I am obsessed with eating meat.", "Black Sabbath is my favorite band.  I have gone into debt from buying Black Sabbath t-shirts. I like to buy a lot of Black Sabbath CDs.", "I enjoy venison. My father is a great hunter. I have hunted before. I work a lot.", "I wish I had an eye for art.", "I bought a Black Sabbath shirt recently. I love its design. I like the band Black Sabbath. I keep my shirts in a special closet to keep them protected.", "I go hunting, and I am interested in going again this fall."], "current_conv": ["I have just finished up creating a couple of designs to be displayed in an art gallery, and I am happy on how they turned out. I would like to show them to you, so I can get some feedback on how they look. You can even try them and see how they tastes, that way I know whether people that visit the galley will both like seeing them and tasting them as well.", "Well, I'm not really sure how great my opinion on art is, but I will try my best. I still don't think I really have the eye for it, though.", "Don't worry, art is extremely subjective. All I need are your honest impressions of the work.", "Okay - I'll try my best. I'm actually really excited to check it out. I mean, I always liked when bands had really cool artwork on their albums, so I guess it can't be much different than that!", "That reminds me I know of your obsession with Black Sabbath but I wondered if there are any other groups you were interested in. I have an extra Kool & The Gang tee that I think you would love. It gave me the idea to expand into edible clothing as a side exhibit.", "Yeah, I don't think anyone is more obsessed with Sabbath than I am. I literally owe thousands on my credit cards just from buying merch, it's honestly a little pathetic. But hey, I mean, Ozzy Osbourne, right? But hell yeah dude, I'll take a Kool & the Gang t-shirt, I love anything retro. ", "If that's the case we should take some time to get together to go through my collection. I have several duplicates that I was going to donate but I would much rather give them to someone who I know will truly appreciate them.", "Okay, that sounds awesome. I'll be more than happy to buy some of it off you if you're willing to part with it. Do you have any Black Sabbath vinyls? Finding those in a good condition can be really hard.", "No, my collection does not extend into music. Let me check with my friend Kevin. He has quite a background in music and has become quite a collector of all things related.", "Awesome. When are you free? I'd really like to meet up soon, if at all possible. I work a lot, so I really don't have a lot of free time.", "I was just thinking about your schedule. I am still in the creative zone so my schedule is fluid at the moment. Are you free this Tuesday. I have the whole day free.", "I would be free Tuesday evening after work, I think. I would just need a little time to go home and clean up a little, first. Also, I've been wanting to ask, but have you eaten any specialty meats lately?"], "history_conv": [["What is your job?", "Hi, I'm factory worker, but I love it and think about it all the time. You?", "I spend my time creating art.", "That's neat I spend my free time collecting meat to eat. I consider myself a carnivore.", "That is interesting, I budget my money so that I have some left over each month.", "I personally am in debt. It's from the black sabbath t shirts they are my favorite band.", "Oh I am sorry, I really enjoy not being employed by anyone.", "Huh, I'm the opposite, a workaholic.", "Since my work consists of making art, I don't really need a boss.", "I work to buy black sabbath cds.", "That is amazing, I love that, and everyone in general.", "You are amazing. Do you like meat."], ["I got paid earlier for one of my pieces of work, so I decided to go out and buy some prosciutto.  You inspired me to think about collecting meat, too.", "Oh man! Just be careful how you store it! I always try to eat my meat within 3-4 days. Then I find a new stash!", "In that case maybe I'll buy only a little bit. Haha. What other meats would you recommend?", "Venison is really good! Have you ever been hunting? My father was a great hunter!", "I've never tried hunting, but hunting big game, cleaning, and butchering it all myself is something I want to do in the future. Do you have any experience?", "Just a little! I don't have much time anymore because I am always working! How many hours a week do you spend at your profession?", "Oh I don't keep track anymore. It feels like I'm working all the time, because I can't help but see shapes and lines everywhere I go. And when I get an idea, I have to take pictures or jot notes down so I don't forget it when I'm back in the studio. It feels like working all the time!", "Hey! You know what they say.... when you are working in your passion, you never work a day in your life!", "That's true. There's a difference between your job and your work. For me, I love art so it is everyday but it's also something I enjoy! What about you?", "Well, I can't say being a factory worker is my passion. I will say that I enjoy it to a certain extent! Plus, I am just blessed to have a source of income.", "That's what counts. Enjoying it for what it is and then having the means to pursue your true passions. Like meat! haha", "I do love meat!!!!! Have you thought about making meat art?"], ["I've come up with a new idea for art inspired by your obsession with meat!", "Really!  I would love to hear about it.  Though I might want to eat your art!", "You know how local restaurants do those charcuterie boards... where they roll meat and add other things to make it look like a really fancy platter. I have an idea to do an art gallery that is all of that sort of thing.", "That sounds so fascinating!  You have such a good eye and I could never think like that. Are you already thinking of different styles of meats that add different colors and tones?", "That's exactly it, and using certain cheeses and fruits to make certain colors/designs pop! Plus they would be changing constantly, because at the end of the night, they would be getting eaten.", "Oh, sounds so amazing.  You may end up creating art that becomes a meal combination nobody ever thought of!  Elk meat plus gouda and strawberries, or something, may never have been considered before.", "Exactly. Buy any interesting band merch lately?", "Well, I should confess that I bought another Black Sabbath shirt.  It was actually one for an earlier tour and it's a little faded, but I really love it of course!", "That's cool. I really enjoy vintage t-shirts like that.", "I have a special closet for all of these shirts to help keep them protected.  I just can't help myself.", "That's too funny. You should put them in a gallery and charge admission! I am sure that people would love to see them.", "LOL.  I could put it next to your meat exhibit. My two favorite things: Sabbath and meat!  LOL.   Speaking of meat, I would love to take you hunting this fall."]]}
{"your_persona": ["My favorite drink is Sprite.", "I live animals.  I have a pet parrot named Tasha. My parrot ignores cats.", "I am a locto-ovo vegertian.", "I am a country girl.  I love to hike.  I wish I could visit a big city.", "I have red hair.", "Tasha is doing great. Tasha speaks in Mandarin. I am learning Mandarin.", "I want to visit China. I want to visit New York City."], "partner_persona": ["I drink iced tea.", "I grew up in the city.  I live in the city.  I love animals. I have a cat.  My cat just had a kitten.", "I love the zoo in my city.  I would rather live in the country. I live near a zoo.", "I just colored and cut my hair. I dyed my hair bright pink.  I cut my hair into an undercut.", "I am busy this weekend because I have two sick kittens and a new rescue.", "I have been to New York City a few times."], "current_conv": ["Do you still want to adopt out your new resucue kitten?", "Yes, I have just finished filling out and submitting all of the adoption paperwork to the animal rescue. And good news, all kittens are feeling better and are healthy again. I love them.", "That's great news! Do you have any names picked out for them or are you going to keep their names?", "I do not have any names picked out for them yet. I have been trying to get to know their personalities better before I give them a name. Two of them are very spunky and one is shy. Maybe I will give them a Mandarin name! Do you have any recommendations as you are learning Mandarin?", "Hm, maybe Zhao for one of them! I always thought that name sounded cool", "Oh, how interesting! I have a friend who's surname is Zhao. What does Zhao mean in Mandarin?", "I believe it's just the name of a state, it doesn't really have a meaning. ", "Oh, okay. Are you able to adopt any cats since you have a parrot? I do not know if those two species get along.", "I can! My parrot would be fine with the extra friend, I would just need to train the kitten to see him as a friend rather than a foe, ha!", "I will pass on any training tips that I acquire as I train the new kittens. My older cat is so mellow that I have never had any issues training her. But two on the little kittens seem like they will be a handful to train. ", "That's be great, thanks! Kittens sound like a lot of work but i'm sure it'll get done. ", "I am always diligent to have well trained pets, it is bad for owners to allow their animals to behave crazily. What kind of training did you do for your parrot, Taisha?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you?", "Hi I'm great! I am drinking a big glass of iced tea! What about you?", "That sounds good! My favorite drink is sprite.", "I live in the city where I grew up and I love animals..", "I love animals!! My pet parrot's name is tasha.", "I have a cat. She just had a kitten too!.", "Aww! I love animals so much I am a locto-ovo vegertian.", "There are a lot of those in the city I grew up in!.", "Fun! I am a country girl. Love to hike. I wish I could visit a big city.", "I love the zoo here but I would much rather live in the country.", "Being a person with red hair I tend to stand out around here lol.", "I just colored my hair and cut it so I would stand out more!", "What color did you do?", "I died it bright pink and cut it into an undercut."], ["I would like to come visit the your zoo could I stay with you a couple of days?", "Depends. When were you thinking of coming?", "Are you busy this weekend? I know it's short notice.", "No, unfortunately, I have two sick kitties and a friend just brought over a rescue. Unless you want to help?", "I don't want to get in the way. Perhaps I can rent an apartment near you for the weekend.", "Will you be bringing tasha?", "No, I'm worried that the ride will be too stressful for her. I can have the neighbor look in on her while I'm gone.", "How is she doing these days?", "She's doing great. Most of the time she just looks out the window and mutters things under her breath.", "Mutters things, like \"pretty bird\" or \"i'm going to get you/\"", "I'm not sure, to be honest. She speaks in Mandarin and hasn't bothered to learn English since I've had her.", "Oh my goodness that's too funny."], ["How is your new rescue kitten doing?", "Good! The only problem is that I don't think I can handle 3 cats, with 2 other sick kitties. Any chance you would want to adopt?", "Yes! Do you you think she would be ok with my parrot?", "she is still just a little kitten so if she grows up with a parrot, she won't know any different. The question is, will your parrot be ok with a cat?", "That's a good point! Yeah, Tasha has seen cats before and she just ignores them!", "Ok well ignoring is better than attacking haha! Maybe Tasha can teach the kitten mandarin haha. Have you picked up any mandarin from her?", "Hahaha. No Tasha picked the Mandarin up from me! I was learning it and saying all these different phrases and Tasha stopped saying her usual English phrases and started saying Chinese ones instead!", "Oh that's interesting! What got you into learning Mandarin?", "I really want to visit China, so I thought I'd pick up some helpful phrases. I imagine that trip's a long way off though! I'll try to travel somewhere in the US first.", "A trip to China sounds so fun!! Where do you think you will travel in the US first?", "New York City! I've always wanted to spend time in a big city so I figure I should go for the biggest!", "New York City is amazing! I have been there a few times, there are so many fun things to do."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am married. I have 3 kids. I am studying to be a teacher. I have kids in elementary or middle school.  I will be teaching high school.", "I illustrate childrens books.", "I am looing for a good book to read. I haven't read The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho.", "I have a job.  I go to school.  I don't have much reading time.", "I find school pretty easy. I have another semester of classes and a half year of practicum left.", "I am from upstate New York near the Canadian border."], "partner_persona": ["I am 27 years old.", "I love reading. The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho is one of my favorites.", "I work at a small niche company that makes and sells massage chairs. I am thinking of changing jobs. I just got a promotion at work. the promotion comes with a raise and I am satisfied with my job and benefits. I will be managing 3 new people doing my old job. I am going to celebrate with coworkers tonight.", "I am from the suburbs of Philadelphia."], "current_conv": ["How is the new role at work going?", "So far it's working out well. It is a bit different overseeing more people than I used to, so I am still getting used to that. Overall I think I performing okay though! Did you finish that essay you were working on last week for school?", "I completely forgot I mentioned that to you!  I actually got it done a couple days ago. My husband is my best editor and I just got it updated with his suggestions.  I think it should get a good grade.", "Aw, I love to hear about spouses supporting the education and work of their significant others. How does he feel about you becoming a teacher?", "He was the one that suggested it!  It was actually my plan and then we met and started having children.  After our third went to Kindergarten, my husband asked if I was ready to go after that dream again. ", "He sounds amazing, you certainly hit the jackpot in finding him! Now that my career is pretty steady I have been thinking a lot about getting out there are trying to meet someone. Where did you meet your husband?", "It was kind of a funny story.  I was sort of crushing on his best friend at the time who was my co-worker.  So we had a co-workers thing where he brought my future husband and we just hit it off!  I know that your guy is out there just waiting for you.  Just stay confident and don't rush things.", "That sounds like the plot for a romantic comedy movie. I am trying to be patient, but it's really hard to meet anyone when I work so much. My company is so small that I don't even really meet that many people at work either. I just don't know how to meet someone.", "I know it sounds corny, but try a church social sometime.  People there are often in the same boat that you are in: there isn't enough time and don't want to deal with the bar scene.  I also don't think you will find people intimidated since you are the big boss now! :)", "I have heard that my church does have a young adult group, but I never have actually gone. Do you think I should just show up there next week and introduce myself? I don't think I would know anyone there, but I'm willing to try!", "I think that's what you will do. I am sure it will be awkward, but I just picture THAT moment where everyone will part and the spotlight will be shining on the perfect guy for you.  That's how Randy and Sandy actually met.  I think Randy used some line about their names being so similar and they just hit it off.", "All right, you talked me into it. I'm excited! I hope no one tries any pick up lines on me though, because I won't be able to keep a straight face. I'll be sure to message you about how it went. Thanks for the suggestion."], "history_conv": [["Are you single or married like me?", "I am single, 27 years old.", "I'm studying to get a teaching degree while I stay at home with my 3 kids.", "Sounds like a house full. I work for a small niche company.", "I illustrate books for children right now.", "Do you? I love reading.", "Yes it pays the bills. What kind of work do you do.", "I manufacture and distribute massage chairs.", "I could use a massage chair... Can I get a deal on one?", "You might be able to. Depending on what you're looking for.", "Something to let me unwind from dealing with three kids all day!", "Haha I could find the perfect one for you in that case!.", "How much do they cost?", "They're high-end our cheapest runs about 4,000. Our highest runs over 10,000."], ["Are you reading a good book? Any recommendations?", "I am rereading The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho. It is one of my favorites, have you read it?", "No, I haven't what's it about?", "The book tells the story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure. His quest leads him to riches far different than he ever imagined. There are a lot of lessons in the book that relate to the world today.", "Sounds good, I'll put it on my list, but honestly, between the kids, the job, and studying, I don't have much reading time. How's your work going? Still making massage chairs?", "Yes, I am still making and selling massage chairs. We have been a bit busier lately but I am starting to become bored by my job.  How is studying going?", "It's pretty easy, if it was just reading and tests it wouldn't be that much work. They add a lot of make-work (projects and class bulleting boards) though", "That does sound like a lot, how much longer until you are a teacher?", "another semester of classes then a half year of pracitcum and I'm done", "So you are almost there! It will be so worth it when you are done. Do you plan to teach where your kids go to school?", "No, I will be teaching high school. Are you thinking about changing jobs?", "I would like to but I am unsure what else I might be good at. For my next job, I am going to focus more on job satisfaction as opposed to salary."], ["Have you decided whether to change jobs yet?", "Not yet, I changed my mind. I just got a promotion at work!", "Oh that's great! What will you be doing in your new role? Will it bring you the satisfaction you have been yearning for?", "Yes, the promotion comes with a raise and I am very satisfied with the current job benefit. Instead of distributing and selling those chairs, I am managing 3 newcomers who would be doing what I did at work previously. It's exciting.", "Oh that is so exciting! I am really happy for you. Are you going to do anything to celebrate?", "I am going out with a few coworkers tonight to celebrate. I don't really have any close friends living nearby.", "Where are you from originally? It's good to be friends with coworkers, makes the job more fun.", "I am originally from one of the Philadelphia suburbs. Now that you asked, I realized that I don't know where you're originally from?", "I am from New York, but not the city, I am upstate near the Canadian border."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I run.", "I am a tax accountant.", "I love sci-fi movies. I am not into horror movies.  I like movies like The Matrix. I haven't seen any new movies lately. I can't wait to see the new Cruella movie with Emma Stone. I saw the trailer for it. I did not like the Doom movie.", "I play FPS games.", "I love chinese food."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer napping to running. I work for parks and recreations mostly in the office doing paperwork.", "I have 2 kids.", "I paint to relax.", "I love horror movies.  My favorite movie is likely Nightmare on Elm Street. I think The Matrix is great.  I don't think the second Matrix was so great. I love re-watching favorite movies and seeing new director's cuts.", "I saw the trailer for the new Cruella movie. I found the new Mortal Kombat movie a little disappointing.", "I loved the most recent Doom game. I play FPS games.", "I have kids who are going to a day camp. I like most foods but like chinese.", "my kids go to Camp Energy. they get to do archery and horseback riding. they've gone for 3 years.", "Both my husband annd I  work in the government. we both work for the parks and rec department."], "current_conv": ["what did your kids do at day camp today?", "They were learning very basic stunts you can do on a horse.", "Wow, that is very exciting stuff! Since they have already attended Camp Energy for 3 years, do they take part in more advanced classes than the other campers?", "They do luckily. Otherwise, I think they'd be bored. ", "That is great that the camp is able to tailor their classes to each child's individual skill level. Please remind me, what are the ages of your kids again? ", "10 and 16. I am surprised the older one still wanted to go this year but she still loves it. ", "I am so glad that they get to enjoy the camp together. It sounds like your whole family is really into the outdoors considering you and your husband work for the Parks and Rec Department. Do they have any other opportunities throughout the year to ride horses?", "Yeah. They volunteer at a stables, so then they get to ride some of the horses in return. Saves me the money of buying their own horse. That is really expensive. ", "Yes, equestrian hobbies are incredibly expensive. I have no idea how anyone is able to afford that. Volunteering seems like a great way to get horse exposure without paying the hefty price. What is the archery experience like at the camp?", "It's good I think. They aren't as keen on that. But my younger daughter has the eye for it but she not interested in pursuing it further. ", "Yeah, who wants to shoot a bow and arrow when there are horses to hang out with instead! How did you first hear about Camp Energy?", "My cousins kids went there and loved it. Have to managed to see the new Cruella film now?"], "history_conv": [["Whew, hey how are you?", "Doing alright, just got home from work, how about you?", "Just got back from a run, and I worked up a sweat! What do you do?", "Just a boring government job. I should run more but I'm more of the napping type.", "Naps are good too, need to rest when you can! What type of government work?", "Parks and recreation but I'm mainly in the office pushing paper, how about you?", "I am a tax accountant, has me sitting around too much, so I try to stay active!", "I have 2 kids, they keep me pretty active, always running around chasing after them.", "No wonder you need a nap from time to time!", "Yeah for sure! When I get to relax I'm mainly watching movies or painting..", "Oh, nice, what is your favorite movie? I love sci-fi movies.", "I love horror, nightmare on elm street is probably my favourite. And you?", "Not into horror, but I like movies like the matrix.", "The matrix is great, the second not so much."], ["My friend just gave me the complete collection of Nightmare on Elm Street movies, I am going to send them to you.", "That's so nice of you, I appreciate it! Have you seen any new movies lately?", "Not lately, but I did end up rewatching The Matrix. I don't know, something about re-watching my favorites is just so fun! And you get to notice different things in the movie too.", "That's too bad. I love re-watching favorites too, and even seeing new director's cuts. I didn't know they are coming out with a new Cruella movie from Disney, does it look interesting to you?", "Oh the one with Emma Stone! I can't wait until I get a chance to watch it. The costumes were so stylish in the trailer!", "Yeah, it looks very flashy for sure. I always recognize Emma Stone but never remember where she's from. Some actors are just very iconic like that.", "Agreed. Have you watched anything new recently yourself?", "I saw the new Mortal Kombat movie, but it was sadly a little disappointing. It looked nice visually, but the story just wasn't there.", "Haha, ever since I watched the Doom movie I swore that I would never watch a movie based on a videogame. One day I might miss a fantastic movie because of that, but I think I'm gonna save myself a lot of heartache.", "Agreed, it's better to see what true fans say about the movie first! The most recent Doom game was so amazing, I really loved the soundtrack and listen to it when working sometimes to pump myself up.", "Oh goodness I've heard so many good things about that game but haven't gotten a chance to play it. Is it really one of the best FPS games in recent yeras you think?", "Honestly yes, I was pretty impressed by it. I thought it was all hype at first, but it's just a genuinely fun game to play and really takes you back to the old Doom appeal."], ["Do you want to get together to watch the new Cruella movie?", "I would love that!  I just re-watched the trailer right before you contacted me and I am really interested in it now!  I hope it's even better than the trailer.", "I heard really good things about it. I am excited! When should we try to go? We could go on a weekend and make an afternoon and get some lunch. What is your favorite kind of place to go to for lunch?", "I am actually free most of the week!  My kids are going to a day camp and most of their evenings are with friends or the pool.  I like pretty much anything, but there is a great Chinese restaurant right by Cinemaplex", "that sounds great. i love chinese food! i'll take a look at my calendar and get back to you. can't wait! what kind of day camp are your kids attending?", "It's called Camp Energy.  It's off of 8th street at that big park.  Even though its in the city, it's pretty wide open and they get to do archery and even horseback riding.  This is their third year going.", "That is great. Sounds like they get to be busy all day and then hopefully tired by the time they get home. A lot less work for you to keep them entertained. Hopefully a camp like that isnt too expensive, i Know a friend of mine had to pay a lot for a horse camp for his daughter", "It's really not bad.  I think it's because the city picks up some of the tab (so maybe we pay a little bit with taxes too).  I think it's also not as specific, so they just get a little of a lot of things. It's not like you can be with horses all day here.", "i like that. i would have loved that as a kid! of course things are different today and parents are much busier in general. what does your husband do for work?", "He is also in government.  His office is two floors up from mine. it was funny because we met long before we found these jobs, but then we ended up working two floors away!", "such a cute story. so nice that you guys can carpool together! is he in the Parks department too or something else?", "We joke and say he is \"Rec\" and I'm in \"Parks,\" but the whole division falls under the same Parks/Rec umbrella.  We carpool and do lunch together!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a farmer who grows corn and beans.", "My dad is a preacher.  Winter is my favorite season.  I like Christmas.", "I like to live in the country. I grew up in the country.  I listen to country music. I find city people rude.", "I enjoy riding my tractor at midnight. I got my first tractor at age sixteen.", "My first tractor ride was a memorable and formative experience.", "I love Olive Garden. My favorite restaurant is the Cracker Barrell."], "partner_persona": ["I like country music, especially Tim McGraw.  I like to go to concerts. I like to listen to Tim McGraw, Carrie Underwood, Keith Urban, and Luke Bryan.  I also like classic rock.  I go to country music shows a lot.", "I like trucks and tractors.  My dad was a farmer.", "I just moved to a city from the country. I miss living in the country. I grew up in the country listening to country music.", "My two older brothers recently purchased a new tractor. My dad got his first tractor as a teenager.", "I have kids.", "I have a new job. I wait tables. I do not enjoy my job very much. I work at Olive Garden. I get free breadsticks at my job. I do not like rude customers and bad tips. I have great coworkers. I find city people rude.", "I live 3 hours away from home. I try to see my family on weekends.", "I live outside of Dallas. I have school age children. I moved because my kids were having problems in school. My kids are 14 and 12. My children like the city. I am still getting used to city life."], "current_conv": ["Talking about Olive Garden made me crave some fresh Italian food. I actually ate dinner there last night!", "That sounds yummy!  What did you order?", "Is your dad still farming?", "No, he retired but my two older brothers farm.", "You may be farming now. You can enroll your children in a school in your hometown.", "Thanks for the tip!  How is your farming coming along?", "The yield of maize this year is very good. I got some profit out of it. What are your brothers doing?", "My brothers just got a brand new tractor to increase efficiency.  You could have a maze in your corn fields in the fall and charge people for it.", "I too like my tractor. I keep my tractor from childhood. Riding midnight is  nice feeling.", "Yes, I used to go out in my family's fields at night when I was wonder.  It is awesome.", "How long you have that tractor? did you still use that?", "My Dad got rid of his a long time ago.  I never used it."], "history_conv": [["Hi there do you like country music?", "I once drove 1000 miles to see tim mgraw play.", "Wow! Do you also like trucks and tractors? I am a corn and bean farmer.", "Oh cool, yes I do, my dad was a farmer many years ago.", "My dad is a church preacher. Winter is my favorite because of christmas.", "Oh thats neat, I just moved to the city.", "I am definitely a country person. Need to have my tractors.", "I dont blame you, I miss it,.", "Yes I love a good tractor ride at midnight.", "Sounds fun, my two older brothers just bought a new tractor.", "I got my first one when I was 16.", "Neat my dad got his first at about that age.", "I will never forget that first tractor ride.", "I cant wauit to take my kids on there first ride."], ["So other than Tim McGraw, who do you like to listen to?  Do you often go to country music concerts?", "I go to country music shows a lot, but I also like classic rock. I think the two generes blends sometimes. For country, I like Tim M, Carrie Underwood, Keith Urban, Luke Bryan. Do you listen to country at all?", "Yes I grew up in the country and so listening to country music was almost mandatory :)", "Same here. It's funny how being raised like that leads to certain personality traits.", "Are you settling in the city at all or do you still really miss the country?", "I am settling in, but I really miss it. It's convienient that I can get whatever I wish easily, but it's so loud and crowded. I miss the calm and quiet. How are your crops doing this year?", "It's a good year, heavy rain early has tapered off. Corn prices were high but are falling, but I pretty much have my prices locked in. How's the new job?", "It's going. I enjoy it, but some of the people I work with have very harsh personalities. City-folk!", "They throw manners right out the window, don't they?", "So true! It's so weird. They are sooooo rude. I can't stand it.", "and they don't even realize it!", "I did get a 'youre so nice' the other day... I was just being 'normal', or so I thought."], ["How is your new job going?", "It's kind of a bummer. I'm waiting tables and I don't mind the hard work but the customers can be so rude.", "Oh wow, I can imagine! What kind of restaurant is it? I hope you are at least making good tips.", "It's Olive Garden. So the tips are ok. Depends on the customer!", "Oh my goodness, I love Olive Garden. Give me all the breadsticks! haha. It's my favorite restaurant, second only the Cracker Barrell.", "I'm not gonna lie, getting free breadsticks is a HUGE perk of the job! Almost makes the rude customers and crappy tips worth it! Hahaha. For real though, my coworkers are great and help me feel a little less homesick for the country.", "It always makes a job better when you have good coworkers. How far away from home are you? Do you ever go back to visit?", "It's a 3 hour drive so it's a little tough to just stop by and see my family. But we try to get out there on weekends if I'm not working.", "Oh that's not too bad! I never asked, what big city did you move to? What prompted you to make the move out of the country?", "We're living outside of Dallas. My kids were having problems in the rural schools so we needed a change!", "Oh, that was nice of you to do for your kids. How are they adjusting to city life? How old are your kids by the way?", "14 and 12. They like it because there is so much more to do! But I'm still getting used to it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like the show Friends and graffiti.", "I work in a coffee shop my mother owned.", "I like fries.", "I have tattoos.", "My father died.  I have a commemorative tattoo for him. My tattoo for my father says 'for you I shall live'.", "I've never been to Michigan. I have been to Eureka and the surrounding region."], "partner_persona": ["I am married.  I have two adult sons.  I grew up in San Francisco.", "I travel in my work. I went to Michigan on a work trip. I work in sales.", "I like fishing. I eat fish. I have a wife and sons who also enjoy fishing.", "I am planning a fishing trip off the California coast. We will drive to Eureka and visit Humboldt County.", "I have never been to Eureka before."], "current_conv": ["I have thought of some other sites you might want to visit on your trip.", "Where do you recommend I go?", "I would definitely hit the Fort Humboldt State Park.", "Is that off the coast?", "It's close, yes. You also will want to see the Sequoia Park Forest and Garden.", "The Sequoias are the largest trees in the world, right?", "Yes, that is correct. It's a sight to see!", "Did you visit that one tree that you can drive through?", "I did not. Please let me know if you do!", "Yeah, definitely!  My goal is to visit every national park in the US.", "The Carson Mansion is another sight. It's an 1885 mansion.", "I've heard of that before.  Who was Carson?"], "history_conv": [["Hello, how are you doing today.", "Great! Tell me about yourself. I'm married with two boys. Grew up in san francisco.", "I love the show friends and enjoy visiting graffiti-filled places.", "Different! I have to travel a lot for my job.", "I work at the coffee shop my mom owned.", "Do they sell fries, they're my favorite!", "No fries, yet lol fries are good though!", "Do you have any hobbies? I'm an avid fisherman.", "I enjoy getting tattoos. I have 5so far.", "Wow! That's a lot. Any favorites?", "The one that I got for my dad passing is probably my favorite.", "That's so nice. What is it?", "It says \"for you I shall live\".", "I love that. What a wonderful reminder of what I am sure was a wonderful man."], ["Tell me have you been travelling with work to any interesting places?", "I was just in Michigan!  I was able to sneak away for a bit and get some fishing in caught a muskie", "I've never been to Michigan before. What type of fish is a muskie? Did you eat the muskie?", "the one I caught was about 30 pounds.  They have a mouth full of teeth.  Not really a tasty fish but they look mean", "The name along suggests that muskies are strange, ugly fish. Did your wife and sons go with you to Michigan?", "No it was just me.  I wish they could come the whole family enjoys fishing.  My wife was shocked when I showed her a picture of the fish.", "I see. So was your trip to Michigan a work trip?", "Yea it was a sales convention but one day got canceled as there was a flood at the center so I was able to sneak away to fish.", "That's great that you got a break and were able to pursue your personal interests for a day. I really could use a vacation from working at the coffee shop. However, I'm working double-shifts and overtime to save up for my next tattoo.", "thats cool.  What are you looking at getting next?", "I plan to get a portrait of my father's face next to the slogan I had tattooed on my chest in his memory.", "that sounds awesome.  Have you shopped around or are you going to the same place?"], ["Have you started planning your next fishing trip yet?", "I have. We're planning to fish off the California coast!", "That's great. Do you know if you'll be visiting Humboldt County while you're there?", "Yes, we will! We'll drive to Eureka and then launch our boat from there. Have you been? Is it good for fishing?", "Yeah! It's great! That whole region is beautiful and full of fish, and Eureka has a nice marina to launch boats from.", "Oh, that's excellent to hear. We've never been before, and chose it based on a quick glance at travel blog recommendations. The fact that you speak highly of it as well gives me confidence that it'll be a nice place.", "Oh yes, and the little town just north called Arcata is really cool. That whole bay area is cool, and then there's the treasure coast or the lost coast not far from it. And there's the redwood forest. Great place!", "Oh, awesome! We'll be sure to check all those places out either before or after our fishing trip. Anything else you'd like to mention about Humboldt County?", "Just be careful not to have anything valuable visible in your cars while you're parked. They have a very high rate of car-burglaries.", "Ah, as is the case across California, unfortunately. Will do.", "I didn't realize it was like that across the state. But it makes sense, being the highest populated state.", "Yeah, and also because the penal system is pretty lenient towards property crimes, especially in San Francisco given the new District Attorney."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I just graduated high school.I want to move out of my tiny town.", "My parents have travelled a lot.", "I want to visit the grand canyon. I have travel plans. I've never been to the Grand Canyon. I'm going on vacation with my parents and sister.", "I start college in the fall at a small liberal arts college.", "I am under 21 years of age. I am in college."], "partner_persona": ["I am a social worker.", "My parents met in high school.", "I have been to over 20 different countries.", "I love listening to music and singing songs.", "I like to run.", "I visited the Grand Canyon when I was younger. I am a globetrotter.  The Grand Canyon is one of my favorite places.", "I went to Arizona State University.  I have a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in social work. I find social work emotionally difficult sometimes but also rewarding.", "I have traveled to over 20 countries.  I would like to visit more."], "current_conv": ["Is there anywhere you have traveled that you would go back to?", "I would like to revisit all of the places that I have traveled to. I have loved them all so much! But, if I could only pick one, I would go back to Sicily. I think that it is the most beautiful and culturally rich location that I have ever visited.", "I've always wanted to go to Italy. What was your favorite thing to do there?", "I really enjoyed spending time at the beach and swimming in the ocean, as well as eating the local cuisine. The highlight of my trip was visiting Mt. Etna, which is Europe's highest active volcano. Would you like to come with me the next time I visit?", "I would love that! I'm sure it's a nice and relaxing break from being a social worker. Since I'm starting college in the fall and I don't know what to major in yet, do you mind me asking you why you chose social work?", "Sure, lets switch topics. I chose to go into social work because I want to help get children out of poor quality homes. My parents were so good to me, I feel extreme empathy for those children in poor living conditions. Have you ever considered social work?", "I've thought about it but it seems very stressful and burnout looks to be pretty high couple with the low pay for the work. I don't know. I give lots of props to people that can do it. You guys deserve more credit than you are given. When did you realize that social work was for you?", "Yes, it is a thankless job. It can be very stressful, but we are highly trained to deal with stressful situations. After receiving my education and in field training, I felt more comfortable. I also teach and have authored a book to supplement my income. I knew that social work was right for me after taking an introductory course on it my first year of college. ", "I just want to say thank you for what you do. What's the title of the book?", "My book is titled \"101 Careers in Social Work.\" It could be helpful for you when looking into your different degree program options.", "I won't write off social work just yet so I'll definitely check it out!", "What other degree programs are you looking into?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! What do you do for a living?", "I am a social worker. What do you do for fun?", "Nothing,i'm just graduating high school, been stuck in this tiny town for too long.", "I see. My parents met when they were young, in highschool.", "My plan is to go on a cross-country trip and never come back.", "Amazing. I have traveled a lot, over 20 different countries.", "Cool! My parents have as well. I might write them a post card some time.", "What do you do for fun?", "Whatever, I just can't wait to be staying under the stars in the grand canyon.", "It must be pretty. I love turning on music and singing to songs.", "Sounds awesome! What's another interesting fact about yourself?", "I run a lot, it's something I enjoy to do."], ["I made plans to travel and I have to pack soon!", "That's great! Where you planning on traveling to?", "We're finally going to the Grand Canyon!", "That's wonderful! I loved visiting the grand canyon when I was younger. Are you going by yourself or with a group?", "Just my parents, sister, and I. I can't wait! I know it probably doesn't seem adventurous to a globetrotter like you, but I'm excited.", "I know I've traveled to many places but the Grand Canyon is still one of my favorite places. After your trip do you plans to start college?", "Yes, I start in the fall.  I am going to a small liberal arts college.", "That's a good idea. I went to a larger school for social work and it was very intense.", "Where'd you go? Do you have an MSW?", "I went to Arizona State University and got both my Bachelor's and Masters in social worker.", "Is being a social worker kinda hard emotionally sometimeS?", "Absolutey, it can be so rewarding when you really help someone, but most of the time it feels like we can only do so much and there are so many problems"], ["Do you have any suggestions for where to stay near the Grand Canyon?", "If your looking for a good hotel thats pretty affordable, I would recommend the Red Feather Lodge.", "Ok, we will definitely look into that! Do you have any recommendations for anything else to do in the area?", "You could try going sightseeing for some other natural landmarks, such as Havasu Falls. There are also trails to go on such as Bright Angel Trail or Rim Trail.", "Wow, you are a wealth of knowledge! I will look into all of these places for sure. My parents also wanted to go Vegas on this trip, since it's not too far. However, I am not 21 yet so I am not sure if there will  be much for me to do there.", "Theres still plenty to do at Las Vegas even if your not 21 yet. You could try going to some shows, or even a music concert.", "Hmm that's true. I thought I would be stuck in the hotel the whole time while my family goes off to do fun adult things. Do you have any travel plans for yourself coming up?", "I was thinking about traveling outside of the country, and going someplace new. I have been to over twenty countries before, but there is still many more I can visit and experience for myself.", "Wow! Where do you think you would like to go next? I need to start traveling more like you. Maybe after college.", "I was thinking either Turkey or New Zealand, they both have lots of interesting things to do there and I haven't been to either of those countries.", "Wow! How will you decide? I would love to go to New Zealand and visit all the places from The Lord of the Rings movies. Nerd alert!", "I am probably going to go with some friends, so I'll ask them if they have a preference for one country over the other. I think they might lean towards New Zealand based on the sights alone."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love working outdoors.", "I work on the internet.", "I moved to the country. I'm moving to a farm.", "I'm interested in music.  I'm not that interested in sports. I play basketball.", "I have a goat that's about to give birth. I don't live near a vet. I have a neighbor who has experience birthing goats. I am excited about having baby goats."], "partner_persona": ["I love working outdoors.", "I enjoy living in the country. Basketball is a hobby of mine. I am short.", "My dad drives trucks for ups.", "I am a postman.", "My mom is Canadian. I am part Canadian.", "I have a John Deere riding lawn mower.", "I like to play basketball but don't really watch it. I like to work the farm. I have chickens.  One got picked up by a hawk. I have experience raising chickens and pigs.", "I haven't been too active lately.", "I think baby goats are so cute."], "current_conv": ["It looks like my goat is going to give birth any minute now!", "OMG! How long does goat labor take? I'd love to see a picture of the baby goat later.", "It depends on the goat but around 12 hours. I'll definitely send you pictures of the baby goat. Did you replace the chicken that was taken by the hawk?", "That's so long! I wish your goat luck. I haven't been able to replace the chicken yet, unfortunately. I still can't believe how fast that hawk snatched her. As much as I love being close to wildlife in the country, there are definitely some downsides, haha.", "Nature is pretty crazy. Do you have much trouble from other wildlife encroaching on your property?", "Occasionally. The main concern in my area lately has been coyotes. They're getting bold lately, last week I saw one hanging out on my porch. Have you been having any trouble with animals after moving to the country?", "Just deer eating my plants. Do coyotes attack humans? I have so much learn about country living!", "The deer can be tough. This might sound weird, but you should try putting out scented candles or soap by your plants to ward them off. I've never heard of a coyote attacking humans personally but anything's possible. I'm sure you'll learn quickly after you move to the farm.", "Thanks for the tip! I'm sure I'll pick up a thing or two after some trial and errors. I'm hoping to add chickens to my farm. Do you have any advice?", "My best advice would be to keep it simple. Don't try and hatch eggs right away, start with chicks or adult chickens, and keep your coop simple to start out. Keep them well fed and clean and you should be alright.", "What do you feed your chickens? And do you get enough eggs to make it worthwhile?", "They love cereal so much, but their daily fare is mostly leafy greens, corn, and beans. I get about an egg per chicken each day, so it's a pretty good yield for me. I guess it depends on how many people you're feeding"], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you.", "Good day!!how are you?", "I am good how are you.", "I'm great! Just came in from working outdoors. I love it.", "Nice I'm moving to the country I do too.", "The country is great and relaxing!! Hobbies. Basketball for me, although I'm short.", "Oh that's hard to play when you are short.", "Yea I guess. My dad is a truck driver for ups..", "That is a good job.", "What do you do? I am a postman.", "I will work on the internet.", "Cool!! Are you american? My mom is canadian, so I am part canadian."], ["My move to the country has been so great! Any advice on a good riding lawnmower?", "I'm so glad you like it. I absolutely love it! A riding lawn mower is a must. Are you looking for something basic or a fancy zero turn contraption? I have a solid John Deere that works well for me.", "Thinking about buying something second hand but it needs to be sturdy for the farm I'm moving to in the country. Did you catch the basketball at the weekend?", "Oh yeah, the NBA playoffs are really getting going now! Nah, I don't follow basketball. I prefer to play than sit and watch. Do you have a favorite team?", "I'm not big into sports, more of a music festival and gig kinda person. Are you into music?", "No not really. I just play basketball when I have time and work the farm. I like to listen to the sounds of nature!", "Ah the sweet outdoors. My goat looks like she's ready to give birth any day now. How are your chickens getting settled?", "That's pretty exciting! What are your plans for the kid? They are good. Well except for the one that got picked up by a hawk... but hey that's mother nature.", "Hopefully they'll be a good milking goat. Looks like there might be a few kids but it's hard to tell out in the country without a vet. Aww man... you need to get an angry goose to fend off the hawks.", "You should find a vet to have at the ready in case the nanny has issues giving birth. I'd hate for you to lose the mama and the kids! A goose! That's a good idea!", "My farm neighbour has a lot of experience birthing them so he's going to be on standby to give me a hand. What other animals should I add to my farm?", "That's good to know! Well chickens are pretty easy (just watch out for hawks!) and pigs are fun but they start out cute and get AWFUL big."], ["Do you want to meet up to play basketball this weekend?", "Sure - that would be awesome. I haven't been being active too much lately. I t would be nice to move a bit!", "How is the work on the farm going?", "It's going, lots of hard work. I am doing a lot of patrols so hawks don't take our chickens anymore.", "Now I'm worried when I move down to my farm about hawks taking any of the chickens. We'll have to patrol down here too.", "That's smart. I mean chickens are an investment, it sucks it's just gone.", "Hopefully we make the move to the farm before my goat gives birth. It won't be long now.", "I wonder if the hawks will be interested  in your baby goats?", "I sure hope not! I'd be devastated if that happened.", "You'll just have to keep those adorable baby goats in your home! That's what I would do. They are soooo cute.", "They are adorable, aren't they? I'm excited to have them. Maybe we can get some sort of roof fence to keep any hawks out. Do the hawks ever bother your pigs?", "They haven't yet. Fingers crossed. I think I am going to meet with the local Fish & Game agency to see if the state can do anything about it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am an artist.", "I have a dog. I like to go to the beach on weekends with my dog.", "I am an athlete.", "I love coffee.", "I don't have trustworthy friends.", "I know how to cook.  I usually eat dinner earlier than 7 pm.", "I don't have any children."], "partner_persona": ["I am a construction entrepreneur.", "I was born and raised in Mexico.", "My friends and I enjoy karaoke and drinking. I love my friends. I like drinking and playing poker.", "I like looking at art.", "I have two daughters who do not live with me full-time. I have daughters and I share custody of them. The school year just ended for them.", "I don't have any pets.", "I have a pool membership.", "I live close to the beach.", "I'm not a veterinarian."], "current_conv": ["How is your work as a construction entrepreneur going? Is the summer season busy?", "It has been so busy this week! Everyone wants their projects done in the summer it seems. It is great for the business but I feel bad for my kids. Whenever they come over they want to go down to the beach but I am usually too busy.", "I can understand. I don't have kids, but my dog is rather needy.", "Sometimes pets are needier than kids. That's why I don't have dogs or cats myself. What is your dog's name?", "His name is Sam. He's a six month old pit bull.", "Oh, wow, he is still a puppy! How long have you had him?", "I've had him since he was five weeks old. He survived Parvo at a very young age.", "I have heard that is very serious. I can't imagine how stressful that must have been for you, I'm so sorry. Does he still have any negative effects from the sickness?", "It was scary, but he's fine now!", "I'm so glad to hear that! Is he your first dog or have you had other pets before?", "I've had lots of pets. I grew up on a farm.", "My uncle in Mexico had a small farm and I would often spend my summers there as a child. My favorite animals were definitely the goats. I love how each one has their own personality. "], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you? What do you do for work?", "I love my two girls.", "Neat, I create art. I'm an artist.", "I founded my own construction enterprise.", "Awesome do you like dogs? I have one.", "I was born and raised in mexico.", "Athletics are my thing cause thats what I am. Kids?", "My friends and I go to karaoke clubs every friday.", "That's weird of you, I love coffee!", "I love being with my friends on friday to drink.", "Well since I'm in a big city I don't trust my friends.", "Sorry to hear that I love socializing with my friends."], ["I just created a new piece of art I'd like to show you.", "Id love that, where can i see it?", "If you are not too busy you can come over today and see it", "Id love that, is this evening ok?", "That would be great. You can bring your two daughters over too.", "They are over at their mothers this week. Just me im afraid.", "That is too bad. My pet dog always like to play with them. She love kids", "Yes, the girls lover her, shes get great with kids too. Im going to a bar for a few hours this afternoon to play poker, i can drive by yours after around 7pm if thats ok?", "7 would be good. I could get some food thrown together and have a late dinner too", "Oh great, fantastic, ill be ravenous after poker.", "I also got some new coffee beans. I like you to try it and see what you think about it.", "Great, that should help sober me up after the bar."], ["My dog did the funniest thing this morning.", "Tell me all about it!  I love you dog stories!", "By funny, I mean not funny at all. She pooped all over the floor. Like everywhere. I spent the morning cleaning it up. It really makes me second guess having a pet!", "Oh no! That is so terrible!  Maybe I won't look to get a dog anytime soon.  What happened, was your dog sick or anything?", "I am not sure, I am taking her to the vet later today just to be on the safe side. Sometimes I think having kids would be easier! haha kidding. How are your daughters doing?", "They are doing well.  I miss not having them everyday, but they will be with me for two weeks in a row starting Wednesday.  School just ended and I think they are ready for a long vacation.", "That is so great to hear1 What fun things do you have planned to do with them over the break?", "Well, I got a membership to the pool again and I know they will want to do that as much as possible.  We are also going to the new go kart place on Pine Street that just opened up.", "Go karting is so much fun! The pool membership is a great idea, there is no better way to beat the heat. You should go to the beach as well, and go for ice cream!", "That's a great idea!  It's not all that far from my place.  Do you go to the beach alot?", "I love to go for walks along the beach with my dog and tire her out on the weekends. Sometimes I go alone to go for a nice long swim as well.", "That sounds really good.  It does have me thinking.  I am no vet, but do you think your dog has been getting into anything at the beach?  Maybe he's been eating some stuff he shouldn't and getting sand and other things in his stomach?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a son and a daughter. I have a sibling.", "I am in my 40s. I feel accomplished.", "I watch movies all the time. My favorite movie is Steel Magnolias. I saw the movie Extraction.", "I manage rental properties.  I own some of them and manage some for other owners. I find managing properties to be hard work at times.", "I am a football fan.  I like the Dallas Cowboys. I have seen Aaron Rodgers on the Packers play. I had season tickets for the Dallas Cowboys for two years.  I do not live near the stadium.", "I rent apartments. I don't want to let 2 pigs live in my rented unit.", "I didn't know much about pigs.", "I like tailgating. I went to college."], "partner_persona": ["I like movies. I mostly watch football on TV.", "I love Chris Helmsworth.", "My parents owned a few apartment buildings when I was younger. I used to own a house that I rented out.", "I like football.  I used to be a Chicago Bears fan and now am a Green Bay Packers fan. I have never been to a live game at Lambeau Field.  I have driven in the parking lot and seen the stadium.", "I'm having some financial difficulties.", "I like tailgating.", "I went to college."], "current_conv": ["I spoke with the tenant that wanted to bring in 2 pigs into his unit, we arranged a time to see the animals.", "That's good. Do you think you're going to let them stay?", "I am unsure. Letting a pig stay in one of our buildings seems a little unorthodox. If we did come to some kind of agreement and maybe some kind of financial compensation.", "I agree, and it could smell badly enough that other tenants start to complain, which is bad for business!", "Well, I'm just worried about any potential damages that could be left to the building. We would have to make some kind of agreement for repayment of any damages or agreement to repair, at the VERY least. But this type of negotiation worries me a little, I'm not sure if it's a risk I'd be willing to take.", "I don't blame you at all. After all, pet odors and stains are the hardest to remove. And that's usually just with dogs and cats, so I can only imagine pigs.", "I'm sure you're well aware of the complications pigs would cause. But other than the pigs, how is everything else going with the property?", "Not great. I keep getting shafted by my renters, which is causing me financial stress", "Ah, I can totally understand that. It's a really fickle business to be in, I swear. I think about selling my properties off sometimes, and just retiring somewhere warm. Maybe I'll set up shop in Texas somewhere. ", "That sounds like a good plan, ha! Sometimes i want to leave it behind too. Or at least find something more stable", "Well, just let me know what you come up with, and also keep in touch with me about the pigs. I would really like to find a solution that works out for everyone involved, even the little piggies. ", "Yes of course I'd like the pigs to be able to have a home as well, I'm just not sure our home is the best choice! I'll let you know how the meeting goes though"], "history_conv": [["Hi there, I am a mother and a sister and my son and daughter are my world.", "That is a good life to have.", "Yes, in my forties I feel like I have achieved everything.", "Forties aren't that old I think.", "No and I am self sufficient, maintaining my own rental properties myself.", "That sounds like the way to go.", "Yes, are you a fan of movies? I cannot get enough.", "I like movies but mostly football on tv.", "I watch movies every day and night.", "What movie can you recommend.", "My favorite is steel magnolias.", "Oh I'm not into that kind of stuff.", "You have to give it a chance.", "Nah not my kind of movie."], ["I saw a great movie that is completely different from Steel Magnolias. Maybe you'd enjoy it?", "Well, I do love movies. What was the name of the movie?", "The movie is called Extraction.  The lead actor is Chris Helmsworth who played Thor.  It is an action movie.", "I love Chris Helmsworth. I will have to look into it. I see you also manage rental properties. Are they yours?", "I think you will enjoy it if you like him as an actor.  Not all of the rental properties are mine, there are some I manage for other owners.  Do you own any properties?", "We used to. When I was younger my parents owned a few apartment buildings. As an adult I actually had a home that I rented out. It was a lot of work. What has been your biggest obstacle managing properties?", "Ok, so you definitely understand what it is like.  It definitely can hard work at times.  I would say the biggest obstacle is finding good tenants that take care of the property and pay on time.  I see that you like football, what is your favorite team?", "I could not agree more with good tenants being the biggest obstacle. I really like football. In the 80's I was a Chicago Bears fan. Now I am a green Bay Packers fan. Do you have a favorite team?", "Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys.  I have been a fan since I was a kid.  I think Aaron Rodgers on the Packers is a pretty good player.  He always seems to beat my Cowboys!  Have you ever been to a live game at Lambeau Field in Green Bay?", "I have not been to a game, but before I was a fan I drove in the parking lot and looked at the stadium I was going to go this year, but I still have to see. What about you? have you seen the Cowboys live?", "Yes, I have seen them quite a few times.  We were fortunate to have season tickets for two years.  We ended up letting them go because we did not live that close to the stadium.  Since you like movies, do you get to the theater much to see the new releases?", "That's too bad that you had to give up the tickets. Yes, I go to the theater at least once a month. Do you go often?"], ["I had a tenant make the strangest request a few days ago.", "What did the tenant ask you for?", "he asked if he could bring two pigs to live in his unit! isn't that crazy? i am not sure if that is technically against the rules, but i dont think i want to allow it. what would you do?", "Pigs? That is weird. But some people do have them as pets. Are they small? I have heard that pigs are really smart. Smarter than dogs. And I've heard that they are actually pretty clean. I would have to check out the pigs first. And then ask for a big deposit.", "good point. i'll have to see how big they are. i didn't know they were that smart! good to know, thanks for the advice! are you planning to buy more football tickets this year?", "I have to see how expensive they are first. I want to go to a few games, but money is an issue. How about you? Going to any Dallas games this year?", "i bet those tickets are probably really expensive. there probably is a waiting list too! yes, i plan to go to most of the dallas games. hey, we should plan a trip so you can come to a game with me!", "Yeah. I just checked the prices and it's over $100 per ticket, even for the \"cheap\" seats. I would love to plan a trip and take in a game with you. Are you getting season tickets again? Or is there a waitlist for that? Is it easy to get tickets for the Cowboys' games?", "wow, that is pretty pricey! i am defintiely keeping my season tickets. if i let them go, then i risk having to get back on teh waitlist. it's easy for me to sell tickets for the games i can't make, so i usually end up making some money on those too. i cant' wait to plan our game together! i can let you know the schedule and you let me know which one you wnt to attend", "Yeah, but I hear it's worth it. There's nothing like being at the game. Plus all the tail-gating fun! Packer fans are crazy, but in a good way! Your plan for your tickets sounds like a good one.  I\"m not sure when or if the Packers play the Cowboys, but that would be a fun one to go to together.", "tail-gaiting is the best. brings back college memories. and yes, there are packers fans everywhere, even in my city!! they are loud and proud. i agree, if the packers play the cowboys we have to go to that game", "College memories for sure! Yeah, we're everywhere. But that's a good thing, I think. Of course, there are Cowboys' fans everywhere, too! I'm game for any game, as long as I'm going with friends."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a gamer. I like League of Legends. I recently got a new gaming laptop. I like any games that I can play with friends.", "I don't know a lot about dogs. I don't have any pets. I would prefer an older dog so I don't have to train it. I want to start an Instagram for my future dog.", "I stream on Twitch.", "I recently bought an expensive gaming laptop."], "partner_persona": ["I am not into gaming. I like doing things outdoors. I enjoy running, hiking, and camping.", "I Sometimes rock climb. I have a Pitweiler dog named Brian. I have a 6 year old dog. I have an aunt who breeds dogs.", "I like to hike.", "I prefer adopting dogs. I get free dog toys and supplies from my aunt that breeds dogs.", "I don't play a lot of video games."], "current_conv": ["I went to an animal shelter to look at dogs.", "What kind of dog were you looking for?", "Definely an older dog that is already trained and I'd really like one that doesn't shed too much. I am just looking at this point... you are the dog expert. What kind of breed do you think would work best for me?", "I personally like pit bulls. And they are often overlooked at the shelters, but are very loyal dogs.", "I admit that I am a little scared of that breed because of the negative stereotype. My cousin actually got attacked by one a few years ago.", "It's all in how they're raised. Definitely make sure any dog you get from a shelter is well vetted.", "I will keep that in mind. I actually saw a miniature poodle when I was at the shelter yesterday. We kind of connected, but I'm not ready to take that big of a step just yet. I felt really bad leaving him there. I don't know how you can go to shelters to pet dogs so often, that place makes me so sad. ", "It is sad, but they love the interaction.", "You must have a stronger and more giving heart than I do. I just want to cry and run away when I am there. How many years have you been going to your shelter to play with the dogs?", "Since I was a teenager. Probably 15 or so years.", "Good for you. How did you first think about doing that?", "I've just always loved animals. And since I can't take them all in, it's the next best thing."], "history_conv": [["Hey there! Are you a gamer like me?.", "No, sorry. I am more into doing outdoor activities..", "I really love league of legends. I guess I could do that outside!", "You would need a good internet connection to do that, it is an online game, right?", "I just got a brand new gaming laptop last month too so it could work.", "You must really love gaming, any other games you like?", "Sure I love any game I can play with friends. What do you like doing?", "I love being in nature when I can; running, hiking, and camping.", "Are you as good at those things as my champion alistar?", "I'd like to think so, I do it for fun, and to just get out. Ever camped?", "With? Or without my laptop?", "Either. Though I figure it would be harder with a laptop. No place to charge it.", "Yes I guess that is true. Do you rock climb or anything?", "Sometimes, but it is harder to take my dog with me if I do."], ["What is your dog's name?", "Brian, hes a Pitweiler. Hes really energetic.", "Wait? Your dogs name is Brian....I absolutely love that! Its so original and cute at the same time. How old is he", "Hes 6 years, if he stand s on his hind legs hes as tall as me", "Oh wow! How much does he weigh. Did you come up with the name?", "My Aunt named him when he was a puppy, she breeds dogs, i kept the name because he was already responding to it by the time i got him (6 monthys).", "Does he like hiking with you?", "Absolutely, he likes to run off ahead", "Did you have to build him up to mileage or when did you start.", "He started coming out after about a year, he was always able to cope with long distances, hes a very athletic dog.", "Oh wow, I never knew that about big dogs like that, I thought the heat bothered them", "hes very short haired, also as a breed pittweilers were bred by the Germans in WW2 for frontline service, they are incredibly hardy dogs, he would outlast me if we were to get lost thats for sure!"], ["I looked into adopting a dog for myself.", "Oh that's great! Are you leaning more towards a shelter or do you want a specific breed?", "I think the more ethical choice is probably to get a shelter dog, right? I'm sure I saw some documentary about like puppy mills or whatever.", "Oh yeah, I always think adopting is the way to go. There are ethically bred dogs though, that's what my aunt does for a living. My dude is from a shelter though. Are you hoping to get a puppy?", "A puppy would be super cute, but I don't think I'd be very good at training a puppy. Maybe a super chill older dog, and I could set up an Insta for him.", "Puppies are a ton of work, Brian almost drove me insane when he was a puppy. I think adopting an older dog is great! There are so many good natured older dogs at the animal shelter near me, you should check it out!", "Thanks for the support. It would be cool to have a buddy on my Twitch stream. People would be really into that, if I had like a cool dog just chilling on the couch while I stream.", "That would totally be cool. Have you thought about names much? I'd be fine if you went with Brian too ha.", "That would be hilarious. Brian Jr.  Or maybe Brian Sr if he's an older dog", "I love it. Well don't buy toys or a dog bed or anything, my aunt gives me all of her extra stuff like that so I have a ton I can give you. Brian could really use a budy, hiking wears him out enough but not like playing with other dogs.", "That would be great, since I basically wiped out my account with the new gaming laptop.", "I figured as much. I don't really game but I know they're super expensive. How are you liking it so far? Maybe I should start gaming more."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in a big city. I like cities.", "I have two daughters.  My father has either passed away or is absent.", "I like Disney music.", "I have never heard of Three Dog Night.", "I would like to visit Sao Paulo. I'm not from Sao Paulo. I'm not from the city.", "I formerly lived in Los Angeles. I enjoy eating street food.", "I like sauerkraut on my hot dogs.I love lengua tacos. Lengua is cow's tongue.", "I love museums."], "partner_persona": ["I live in a big city.  I was out of the country for awhile.", "I have two older brothers and one younger brother. My father used to be a farmer.", "I recently drove a long ways to see my favorite band perform.", "Three Dog Night is my favorite band.", "I was born in Sao Paulo, Brazil.", "I like live music. I enjoy eating out. I love hot dogs with all the toppings!.", "I've never had cow's tongue.", "I am a fan of rock and metal music.  I went to their concert once. I like the song 'Mama Told Me'. I will be going to music shows this summer.", "I like the Museum of Art of S\u00e3o Paulo."], "current_conv": ["I bought tickets to the Museum of Art of S\u00e3o Paulo.", "That's awesome. You'll love it! When do you go?", "I am planning to go next week with my boyfriend", "Great! I'm so glad that you're able to go so soon. What else do you have plans to do there? Of course food, but what else?", "I plan to do lots of shopping", "There's great shopping there. Some places are expensive, but you can find some great bargains. What does your boyfriend like to do? Shopping?", "He likes to drink, so hoping I can find good bars or clubs to enjoy the night. We also look forward to have some refreshing beers by the beach. What's the most popular beach there?", "There are all kinds of beaches there. What kind do you like? There are busy, calm, trendy, etc."], "history_conv": [["Hello, it's a pleasure to meet you.", "Nice to meet you! I live in a big city now, I was out in the country. What about you?", "Cool, me too, I enjoy being in the city around people.", "I've got 2 older and 1 younger brother. My father used to be a farmer.", "I have kids two, 2 girls, I only have my mom now.", "Sorry for your loss. Do you have any favorite bands you like?", "This might be strange, but I love disney music.", "Not to me! I just drove over 1000 miles to see my favorite band.", "Cool, what band was it?", "Three dog night, I know they're old, but they're my favorites.", "Never heard of them, that's cool.", "Have you heard of the song jeremiah was a bullfrog?", "Yes, do they sing that? I had no idea.", "Yes! And a bunch of even better songs, but that's the most recognizable."], ["So which country were you in before you moved to the city?", "I was born in Brazil", "Nice. Did you live in a big city in Brazil too?", "Yes I was born in San Paulo a very big city even larger than new york", "I see. I've never been but would like to go visit Sao Paulo. What's your favorite thing about living in the city?", "I love being able to go out at any time and get food! Also the live music is always available", "Definitely. I used to live in Los Angeles and the best part about it for me was the food also. What's your favorite street food?", "Honestly i just love a good street hot dog!  All the fixins, saurerkraut, mustard, onions, cheese", "Yes!! The sauerkraut is important. It's too bad that elsewhere in the U.S the sauerkraut isn't a standard topping on the hotdog.", "Whats your favorite street food?", "My favorite are lengua (cow's tongue) tacos. I could eat those all day, everyday.", "Wow, I've never had that.  Is it chewy?"], ["What kind of music do you most like hearing live?", "Rock or metal. I am a huge fan! I cannot get enough of it.", "Thats awesome to hear. You mentioned you like Three Dog Night the most, have you seen them in concert yet? How are they live?", "I've seen them once, but would love to again. Their live show is so good. I am always impressed with them.", "Sounds like a good concert to go to. What would you say is your favorite song from them, I think I might give them a listen later on.", "I really enjoy 'Mama Told Me', one of their lesser known songs, but I really like it. Sometimes those are the best songs.", "I'll give it a listen when I get a chance. How's Sao Paulo like, I want to visit this summer but I am a bit unsure of what to see or do in the city.", "It's good, always busy. There's always something going on.  You should visit the Museum of Art of S\u00e3o Paulo. There are very interesting pieces in there.", "I love going to museums, I'll give it a visit when I get the chance. I would also like to visit some restaurants, or even eat some street food in the city.", "There's so much amazing food to discover here. You won't be bored and won't want to leave.", "Can't wait, its always nice to be in the city. Do you have any plans for this year, any place that you want to see or things you want to do?", "Not really. I am waiting for some bands to announce their summer tour schedule so I can plan what shows I will be going to."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in a big city, but I'm a country gir.", "I have one dog. I take him to dog parks. My dog doesn't bark a lot. I like animals. I can't get a cat because of my dog. I have family members that like cats.", "I'm very athletic. I run. My favorite drink is coffee.", "I'm a local artist.", "I exercise outdoors.", "I paint UFO landscapes. My art has a deeper meaning about technology. My art examines the unfamiliarity of humans in the natural world. I find painting UFOs easy.", "I'm going to be starting a new art piece. I'm going on a trip to North Dakota to a national park. I've never been to North Dakota before."], "partner_persona": ["I grew up in the city.", "I have a cat who just had kittens. I like going to the zoo. I take care of my responsibilities.", "I like iced tea.", "I just cut and colored my hair.", "I don't know much about dog parks.", "I have too many cats. My cats name is spiral. I prefer cats over dogs. I have multiple kittens and I cannot keep all of them.", "I have a house. I watch tv. I play bored games. I have friends.", "I've never been to North Dakota."], "current_conv": ["I spoke to my sister, she would like a kitten.", "Is she looking for a specific breed? Would she be interested in more than one?", "Yes, actually. She is specifically looking for a Siamese. And potentially a breeding pair. Is that something you could offer?", "Not that type specifically but I do know some one that has pure breeds and might have what you are looking for. Does your sister have a price range that she would like to stay in?", "Yes, she can really only afford probably $300-500 for each kitten at the very most. Do you think you could work with a budget like that?", "I will have to check, that is midrange so there is a strong possibility that he works within that price point. If not are there any other breeds your sister will consider?", "I know she did express some interest in the Persian breeds as well, do you have any of those? ", "He does have those but I am afraid those are too expensive for how much your sister is willing to spend. He does have some Oriental Shorthair's that would be at the top of her range but doable.", "I'm afraid I'm more of a dog person, so I'm not really familiar with that breed. I would really have to get in touch with her and see what her thoughts are, if that is alright?", "Absolutely. Let me contact him and get a list together with all of his available breeds and their pricing. Then your sister can look it over and decide.", "Thanks, that would be great. I appreciate it. What can you tell me about the Oriental Shorthair that I could relay to her in the meantime?", "I think it is your best bet. Not only do they resemble the Siamese in appearance but this breed is incredibly fun loving and playful."], "history_conv": [["Hello! I am country girl living in the big city. Where are you from?", "I grew up completely different, in the city. Where do you like to visit?", "I have one dog and enjoy visiting dog parks with him cross-country.", "My cat just gave birth to a kitten. I love seeing animals at the zoo.", "I'm very athletic and run when I'm not having my favorite drink, which is coffee.", "Iced tea is what I prefer to drink. Have you done anything fun recently?", "I am a local artist and recenlt held a major drawing con.", "Interesting! I just colored my hair, as well as got it cut.", "Cool! What's a fun fact about yourself?", "I have one pet, a cat. She goes with me everywhere, along with her kitten.", "Oh okay, I just have my dog. My best friend.", "Best friends are good. Where is a place you like to visit?"], ["How are the kittens doing today?", "They are wobbling around here and there but mostly sleeping a lot! They are the most adorable things I've ever seen!!", "How cute? All baby animals are so adorable? How many kittens do you have?", "I have one from my cat and my friends cat also had kittens so we thought we would put them all together for a few weeks to let them play and get adjusted to the world. How's your dog doing? You go to any interesting spots in the city?", "He is doing just fine. He really likes going to dog parks and play with other dogs.  I also started taking him with me when I go running or hiking.", "Thats amazing! He must be loving all that exercise! I always wondered about dog parks... like if the dogs would actually get along there or just bark at each other haha", "Haha I thought about that too before I got my dog. Surprisingly most of them get along just fine.  I guess all those dog owners know their dogs and they don't bring the ones that bark a lot. When are you going to the zoo?", "I haven't decided on going anytime too soon because of the kittens. I know they're safe in their mammas paws but I can't bare to leave them alone yet. The zoo is the one place I can't take mamma and her kitten so I've been holding off on going. I miss seeing all the apes and giraffes though!", "You are so sweet for taking care of all those kittens so much. I am sure they will became more independent soon and you will be able to do more things. I guess it is like having a baby or babies haha Do you need to feed them anything or does mama cat take care of everything?", "haha I love them too much. They are more independent than I want them to be. (I am so the crazy cat lady!) Luckily mama cat (Spiral) is nursing her kitten well and shes even helped nurse my friends kittens!", "That's great! Not all animals will accept other animal's babies. Are you just watching a lot of TV since you are staying home with them?", "I know! I thought that our cats wouldnt get along when they were younger but they actually got along famously and have known each other nearly since birth. I actually have been watching a lot of tv and playing board games with my friend- she's been staying over too."], ["My art might be chosen for an art gallery", "That's so cool.  What did you create? I've only known one other person whose work got into a gallery.", "I paint landscape scenes with UFOs in them.  It's my commentary on the beauty of nature and the invasiveness of technology on nature.", "Wow, that is original!  No wonder your work got chosen.  I see your angle on it, why did you choose extra-terrestrial tech and not ours to make the commentary?", "I wanted to underscore how foreign we as humans often are to the places our communities and industries bleed into.  Also, I felt like the UFOs would be startling and maybe thought-provoking in terms of thinking about how everything on earth, and the universe as a whole, fits together.  Also, UFOs are easy to paint.", "Deep thinker and pragmatic too, if anyone deserves to get exhibited, someone like that does.  Well done!  Anyway, what's your next piece going to be about?", "I'm going to take my dog with me on a trip to Teddy Roosevelt National Park in North Dakota.  I'm going to try to do some painting there, though I'll have to see the terrain before I know what I'd ultimately like to paint.  I've never been to North Dakota so I'm looking forward to it.", "Me neither, but the pictures I've seen look impressive.  I don't have a dog, I'm more of a cat person.  Although, I do regret not having a pet that can accompany on walks into the countryside.", "What do you think you're going to do with all your kittens?  Are you going to give them away eventually?", "That's a good question.  They are so cute it's hard to give them away, but I don't have room for so many cats.  Are you interested in having one?", "Hmm, that's a good question.  I think I'd have to pass because I couldn't bring the cat everywhere I take my dog.  But I have a few family members who might be willing if you need more taken off your hands.", "Yes please ask them.  They grow so quickly and it won't be long when they are ready to go to a new home.  Well what have you planned for later today?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My name is Charles.", "I don't like spicy foods.", "My wife and I sleep in separate bedrooms. Sometimes my wife and I argue. We are not a happy couple. We might be separating soon. We also have two boys, which is a consideration when we think about divorcing.", "I don't like pets.", "I have a twin sister, she has a dog. I sometimes have to dogsit for her even though I don't like pets very much.", "I drive an old Oldsmobile.", "Gold is my favorite metal.", "My little boys help me keep young. Sometimes I have back pain.", "I'm getting separated from my wife. I contacted a lawyer for help. My wife wanted to get divorced first, but I started the process. I want shared custody of my children. I'm looking for a new place to live. I'm excited about my new life as a divorced man."], "partner_persona": ["My name is Tiffany. I'm tall.", "I have a dog named Drunky who stays outside.  He enjoys warm weather.", "I drive a Subaru Legac.", "My favorite metal is white gold.", "I have no children.", "My parents divorced when I was ten years old. It was a positive event.", "I have trouble with my knees sometimes. I like going for walks. I'd like to get back in shape."], "current_conv": ["Have you been on any interesting walks with Drunky lately?", "Not really, it has been raining too much to go out. How are things with your family?", "Things are good with the family and the kids. How often do you usually go out on a walk with Drunky?", "At least for a few short ones everyday as he has to go pee. But also sometimes not so much because my bad knee.", "Ah do you bring Drunky in win its raining or do you keep him outside still?", "Oh, he's an inside dog and only goes out to play and do his business.", "So when its raining you keep him outside too? You don't bring him in?", "No, I mean he always stays inside.", "oh okay. Do you guys usually go on long walks or short walks when it's sunny out?", "Fairly long walks if it is not too sunny and hot. Do you take the dogs that you dog sit for long walks?", "No not really, Im not a big fan of dogs or any pets. My sister loves taking them for walks though.", "Did you ever have a dog with your sister when growing up?"], "history_conv": [["My name is charles. What's yours?", "My name is tiffany. What kind of food you like. Do like to eat mexican food..", "I don't like anything with spice.", "Are you tall, I'm relatively tall person..", "I am, a little too tall. My wife and I sleep in separate rooms.", "That not good sleep in separate room, do you have pets..", "No, they make the room smell.", "Okay I have a dog name drunky. I keep him outside..", "My twin sister has a dog, she keeps him inside too..", "Okay. What kind of car you have. I have subaru legacy..", "We have an oldsmobile, have had it for a while..", "Some people touch there toes with there nose, I don't.", "That's weird. I like gold, it's my favorite metal.", "My favorite is white gold."], ["My sister just called me and asked if I could dog sit for her this weekend.", "Uh oh. Are you going to say yes?", "As you know I am not a big fan of pets, but it is my sister and I'm here last option so I feel like I have to", "Would you be able to just drop in and take care of the dog? Or would you have to keep him (her?) there with you?", "I would have to go to her place and honestly I would rather do that. My wife and I had a fight today. But since we're on the topic of dogs, how is Drunky doing?", "He's doing fine. He likes the warm weather we've been having. I hope it wasn't a serious fight.", "Every fight now seems like it's a serious fight, no matter how small it may be. I think we're on our last legs, but we have to think about the kids", "I'm so sorry to hear that. It must be complicated with the kids, but I would think what's best for them is to have two parents who are happy -- whether or not you're together. My parents split up when I was ten and it was good for all of us in the long run.", "I do keep getting told that, I think that might be the best idea. We definitely are not happy at all and I know if she found out we were talking about this she would be even more upset", "Well let's talk about something else then. I wouldn't want to stress you out. Tell me about your kids! How many do you have? I don't have any, it's just me and Drunky", "We have two kids, they are just great. Two boys with a lot of energy. They make me feel young again...until my back starts hurting.", "Getting older is no fun at all. My back doesn't bother me, but my knees aren't as young as they used to be. I like to go for walks so I'm hoping to get back into shape there"], ["I decided to contact a lawyer to see what my options are regarding a separation from my wife.", "I think it is a good idea, in my case, things when better when my parents divorced. Have you talked to your children about it ?", "We had a heart-to-heart the other day about it.  I think the oldest sort of understood, the youngest still didn't really get it.  It's nice to have someone supportive like you to confide in though.", "And how your wife is reacting to it ?", "She had threatened it for years and may is offended I made the first move, but she ultimately agreed.  The sooner we do this the better I think.", "Have you decided what will you do with the children ?", "I will be looking for a place close by.  I think that we may end up alternating time.  I hate not being with them all day though.  How did your parents handle you when they got divorced?", "Well they decided that I will stay at one place and they move in and out. I helped me a lot dealing with it.", "That's an interesting arrangement, but it sounds like it really worked for you.  I think the lawyer will help lay out all of the options for us.  I am really ready for a fresh start!", "I am happy for you, are you planning something to celebrate your new start ?", "Once I find a place, I would love to have a house warming party.  Would you be interested in coming?", "Yeah, I love to to! When is it ?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I like to read. I like Lord Sauron.", "I love the Lord of the Rings books. I like george rr martin.", "I run a charity. I am kind.", "My mom was a doctor. My father is a fire chief. My father sings opera at the animal shelter.", "I like some jazz music. I'm not familiar with country music. I like big band jazz.", "I'm rereading the Lord of the Rings trilogy audiobook. i listen to audiobooks during my commute.", "I've \"read\" the Lord of the Rings trilogy on audiobook.  I choose books based on the reader, not the author. I'd rather listen to a book than read it. Reading seems dry to me.", "I like to listen to bebop when I exercise. I think country music is good for dancing and for parties."], "partner_persona": ["I like the Lord of the Rings movies. I don't have time to read.  I like to read.", "I am a travel agent.", "I like to ride my bike.", "I could not be a vegetarian.", "I like country music and sometimes jazz. my favorite country band is zac brown, and I like winton marsellis for jazz.", "i want to get back into reading.", "I've seen the Lord of the Rings trilogy movies.", "I won't listen to audiobooks if I don't like the sound of the speaker. I prefer reading books before seeing the movie. I've been too busy to read lately. I listen to music when I ride my bike.", "I like fast tempo songs when I workout."], "current_conv": ["Last weekend I listened to some great live jazz music.", "That's awesome! I enjoy listening to jazz but honestly only when it's live. Where did you go to listen?", "I agree, this was my first time listening to live jazz and it was much better.  I went to a jazz club in Detroit.  It was nice and they had good drinks too!", "Wow! I travel to Detroit frequently for music work and I never knew there was a jazz club. The drinks sound like a plus, too.", "There are many nice jazz venues there.  You should check some of them out the next time that you go.", "I will definitely keep an eye out for them. Do you live in Detroit?", "I do.  I'm originally from Grand Rapids, Michigan but I just got a job in Detroit.  It's a much better city than people make it out to be.", "I agree, doing some research before a visit really helps make it enjoyable. I live in Toledo, so I visit often. What do you do for work?", "Not too far from me! I work in the lab at a major hospital in Detroit.", "Nice! I actually have a bachelor's in biology and also worked in a lab for a while after I graduated, but then left and chose to pursue a career as a musician.", "Why did you choose that career?", "I floated around a few laboratories and found that it wasn't something I wanted to do for the rest of my life. But primarily, I've always had a love for making music. It is how I can truly express myself."], "history_conv": [["Hello I enjoy reading, and would like to talk with you about our dark lord sauron.", "Are you a lotr fan? That is lotr, right?", "Yes it is! We will get on swell.", "Love those movies. I like to read too but don't have time anymore.", "The books were epic, only george rr martin can compare.", "What kind of work do you do? I'm a travel agent and work mostly from my computer.", "I run a charity, im a very kind person.", "That's good. I like to ride my bike in my spare time.", "My mom enjoyed bike riding, she was a doctor.", "I listen to music to relax too.", "My father is a fire chief and sings opera at the animal shelter. The dogs howl.", "Lol! I could never be a vegetarian."], ["What kind of music do you listen to when you are relaxing?", "I like all country music and sometimes some jazz", "I'm not familiar with country music but I do like some jazz, even though I'm just starting to get into it. Any artist or album recommendations?", "my favorite country band is zac brown, and I like winton marsellis for jazz", "I think I like big band jazz. Is Winton Marsellis that kind of jazz?", "he does play in large bands but also has a few solo alburms", "I see. Guess what - I'm starting to reread the Lord of the Rings trilogy, but in audiobook form! Maybe that could help you get back into reading even though you're really busy? What do you think?", "You know thats probably a great idea.  Sometimes I have this idea that if i have read a book I don't want to read it again. But the lord of rings is such a good book I should make an exception", "I totally think you should give it a chance. I'm already noticing some things about the story that I didn't see before. Interactions between certain characters and such. If you'd like, I can send you the audiobook files.", "That would be great it so much easier to listen to a book than to read it", "Yeah. I've been listening during my commute and it helps the time go by more quickly.", "Thats a great way to keep up on reading"], ["I'm almost done listening to the Lord of the Rings trilogy.", "I haven't read the books before, but I have seen the movies. Would you recommend the audiobooks to someone who normally likes to read?", "Yes, it can be a different way to hear the same book. I recommend picking by the reader, not the author.", "Sounds reasonable, if I don't like the speaker of an audiobook, I might tune out. Do you normally listen to audiobooks of your favorite novels, or do you read them first?", "I listen first. Usually a good reader can bring a book alive. Sometimes the words seem dry on the page but a lot more entertaining when someone reads them.", "I normally like to read a book, before seeing the movie or even the show. Although I haven't had time to do so for the books coming out that I want to read. I might listen to more audibooks on my bike rides instead of listening to music.", "I listen to audiobooks while sitting in traffic. Otherwise I would get pretty antsy just sitting there. Audiobooks on a bike ride? I suppose you could. Usually I like music with exercise, but maybe it could work.", "Thats a good point, I'll give it a shot and see if it works out. What kind of music do you like to listen to while you work out, is it Jazz or something else?", "Yes, I listen to jazz. There are many flavors of jazz. Bebop is fast tempo stuff, good for exercise.", "Good to know, I normally try to avoid slower tempo songs or music while I work out. It doesn't seem to pump me up as much, which is why I don't listen to country when I work out.", "Probably country music is good  for dancing, good for parties and relaxing. Jazz works for me, but probably not for most people.", "I agree, country is good for other occasions, if you enjoy it. Does your father have an event coming up that he has to go to?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a student.  My dad works at a steel mill.  My mom is a bum. My mom is a homemaker.", "I compete in track meets.", "I like music.", "My dad wants to hire a musician for my mom's birthday. My mom's surprise birthday party is the 14th of july. my mom likes Venetian opera music. My mom has not been out of the house in a few years.", "I go to school. I'm getting straight As in school.", "My mom likes to stay home. I think my mom needs a psychiatrist. My dad thinks my mom's introverted. My mom was in an accident when I was young. I wish my mom was more active."], "partner_persona": ["I am gig worker.  I make money making music. My music speaks to me. i write songs. i play acoustic guitar. i sing.", "I make money painting.", "I have been in bankruptcy.  I live frugally.", "I had my appendix removed. i paint.", "I have writer's block right now. I upload my music to YouTube."], "current_conv": ["I finally got some inspiration for the song you are writing!", "Oh Yeah? What was your inspiration?", "My mom. She never leaves the house and has mental health issues.", "Okay, I will try to write something nice! How is planning for her surprise party going?", "It's a bit challenging, but we're doing our best!", "Oh good, do you think she suspects anything?", "No, I don't think so. It will be a small gathering.", "Oh okay, so have you done anything fun lately?", "I hope to over the summer. I just got out of school.", "Okay, how did your school year go?", "Great! I got straight A", "That is really good! You must study a lot."], "history_conv": [["Hi, what do you do for work?", "Hey man, I do different things I make music I paint, having a boss ain't for me.", "Groovy! I'm a student, but my dad works at the steel mill. Moms a bum.", "I just want us all to love one another and be loved..", "That's too bad competition drives humanity, like how I win track meets.", "Well, I was in bankruptcy from my competitive streak but I now live frugally.", "It's too bad you consistantly make terrible choices. Straight a '.", "Hey man I spread the love and am trying to love you right now but it's hard.", "I like music more than you.", "Does the music really speak to you? Mine speaks to me and everyone in a mile radius.", "You should see a doctor about that. I'm smart straight as so you can trust me.", "It's hard to feel love for you right now.", "That's fine my mom the homemaker loves me.", "Your mom loves me too."], ["My dad wants to hire a musician for my mom's birthday would you be interested?", "Oh absolutely man! When's the party planned for?", "It will be the 14th of July. Going to be a big surprise, so don't tell!", "Oh sure thing. What kind of music does your mom like? I'll write a special song", "She is in to Venetian opera music, but I am sure some rad beach tunes would work.", "Yeah, I don't think I can manage much Venetian opera music with my acoustic guitar and I'm definitely no Andrea Boccelli. I've got more of a Billy Corgan voice", "You do you. She'll love it! So sweet of you to write a song. This will be big for her as she has not really been out of the house in a few years.", "Yeah I hear that, I didn't leave the house for a while myself once. I had just recovered from having my appendix removed and I got this rad inspiration, I spent almost a whole year sitting at home painting and writing music and I only went out to buy toilet paper", "You certainly need to be sure that you never run out of that. Wild! I guess you really do love making those terrible choices. I mean, thanks for doing the party, but that is extreme.", "Terrible choices make life more interesting. And expensive. But definitely interesting. I think I'll call the song, \"My Kid Called Me a Bum\"", "Takes one to know one, Ms Frugal Living.", "What can I say, I see things from an artist's perspective. So how's school going? Still getting straight As? There's always so much to learn in life."], ["How is the song you are writing going?", "I  think I have writer's block, I haven't got any ideas. Do you have suggestions ?", "What about starting with your financial experiences?  Remember when you filed for bankruptcy?  Start from that point and let the music flow through you.", "I think it is a great idea, I could make it funny and upload to Youtube. Funny stuff is popular.", "Oh yeah!  That sounds really smart.  \"I didn't hit rock bottom, the bottom of the rock hit me!\"  LOL  I can see it now.  Then you start gaining a real following.", "Thanks for the inspiration, I could show also my paintings in the video. It would be free advertising. I will tell you when it is online.", "I can't wait!  You know, I wish my mom had the same drive that you do.  So tired of her just laying around all the time.  My dad just puts up with it.  I like that you are a real doer.", "Maybe she is suffering from depression, has she seen a doctor ?", "Only for standard checkups.  I wonder if she needs to see a psychiatrist.  Actually, my dad says she is fine and just really introverted.  I guess when I was younger she was in an accident and only really feels safe at home.", "Maybe she should see a therapist, maybe the accident caused some trauma.", "Maybe.  I could be being too hard on her.  She is just capable of so much more and I'd like to see her moving and living!", "You should encourage her, going to therapy need some strength and some people who need it the most don't have it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy running and walking on the beach.", "I attend high school.", "I am fluent in Spanish and English. I want to be a Spanish teacher. I enjoy teaching.", "I do not have kids.", "I don't have any pets.", "I live in Michigan. I will probably go to college at Michigan State. I would like to get a job close to Lake Michigan and live there the rest of my life."], "partner_persona": ["I run every day. I love hiking. I like to run.", "I am a vegan.", "I have twin daughters.", "I have a masters in psychology.", "I like dogs more than cats.  I have a dog.", "I only speak one language.", "I find psychology an interesting field. I have been reading about how memories are stored.", "I have been to Michigan a few times on vacation.", "My dog is getting old. I hike everyday with my dog. My dog is 13."], "current_conv": ["Do you just have the one dog, have you ever thought about getting a second one?", "Yes I do. He doesn't really get a long with other dogs or animals. I had a friend of mine bring their dog over and mine spent the whole time growling. I actually had to put him away because he was being bad.", "That sounds chaotic. This is why I don't have pets or children. I wouldn't be able to handle that behavior, but I do enjoy being a teacher. It's like having babysitting pets for a few hours.", "I think you would make a great teacher to be honest. Also I can understand that completely. Kids especially can be a handful but I wouldn't trade mine for anything. I love them to pieces. The dog does get along with them. So you are saying you wouldn't ever get a pet? What about some fish in an aquarium or a bird?", "Hm, maybe when I get older, but at the moment, I'm good on both pets and children. Being a teacher, well I guess tutor but that's the same thing, has really opened my eyes on how chaotic that is. I've seen furniture destroyed by animals. Birds are loud and destroy things. And fish tanks are expensive to keep maintained. I'm fine with just putting googlie eyes on a rock and calling it a day. Plus, I'm trying to save up for college. I wouldn't be able to take a pet with me when I go, why bother getting attached now?", "I completely understand that. It's good that you are thinking things through. I was more curious as to if it was specifically dogs or cats that you didn't like. Different strokes for different folks. My dog doesn't destroy anything as I taught him when he was young. He destroyed one thing and I punished him for it. Now he knows better.", "I would feel awful for punishing a pet though because they are just simple creatures. I wouldn't have the heart for it. Maybe it's because I'm just in high school and I haven't gotten a backbone yet. It just makes me scared for the future, what if I was too strong and wounded the animal?", "When I say punish I don't mean physically. I scolded him and took his favorite toy away. I would never lay my hands on animal in that manner. I apologize I was not clear on that.", "Oh, I get it. Same thing my parents do when I'm past curfew. They take my phone away. I didn't know that could work on animals. Don't animals think differently than humans. How could a dog have a favorite toy or understand a scolding?", "They are fairly perceptive creatures. Taking away the toy is not enough alone. Scolding him and telling him over and over he's a bad dog or saying \"No\" can help them to understand. Usually it takes more than one time but he learned fairly quickly. Animals have different personalities like people. Some learn to behave well or naturally are sweet animals. Then some are just harder to deal with. My dog is fine as long as no other pets are around.", "That's actually really rad. My friend has a dog, but he just seems like a lovable idiot. I didn't know animals could have personalities. So your dog is anti-social then since you said it doesn't like other animals? Does it like other people, atleast? ", "He's fine with the girls. He's actually a bit shy around other people too. It's just animals that he does not like really. He's an oddball but I love him. But enough about my dog. How are you doing in school?"], "history_conv": [["Hey there! How are you today?", "Fine, just finished my hour daily run.", "That's good. I love running and walking on the beach.", "Great, I am a vegan.", "Healthy I'm sure. Mountain hiking tomorrow after I get out of high school.", "My twin daughters love my kale and beans salad.", "I have never tried kale. Is it good?.", "I just completed my maters in psychology.", "I hope to be a spanish teacher since I am fluent in both that and english.", "Being bilingual increases your earning potential.", "I hope so. How old are your twins?", "3, I prefer dogs over cats."], ["My mountain hike was a lot of fun!", "I love hiking! Did you go alone or with friends/family?", "It really was, it was challenging, but I enjoyed it. Wish I was on the beach though, not going to lie. Did you get your run in already today?", "You and me both, especially since it's getting warmer! And yes I did, right after work! Maybe we can run together sometimes?", "I would like that a lot, thanks! The mountain was beautiful, but it would have been more fun with a friend. Do you ever go running with your daughters?", "Yes, I run with them sometimes, although they rather be at home playing! Do you have kids of your own?", "Not yet, I still feel like a kid myself! A kid can't raise a kid right?!?", "That's true! Although I see you trying to be a Spanish teacher! That's so exciting! Is there a reason why you want to go into teaching?", "I just think teaching can be great if the teacher truly cares and I know I will. Our world is getting more diverse so I think it is even more important for kids to start learning languages earlier, especially Spanish! Do you speak any other languages?", "I love your passion! I think you're going to be a great teacher! I don't speak any other languages although I sometimes bark at my dog if that counts LOL! Do you have any pets?", "Maybe you could help me practice being a teacher, especially if you are interested in learning spanish. Oh no, no pets for me. I don't want to be responsible for any type of life just yet!", "That's a win-win in my book! You can teach me Spanish and I can teach you a little something about psychology if you want!"], ["That would be awesome! Psychology is a really cool subject and I'm always open to learning new things.", "It's an interesting field for sure. I feel like it's always changing. New discoveries are being made every day about thoughts and how the brain works, etc.", "I'm sure you know all about the new information.  Have there been any interesting discoveries lately?", "I've been reading a lot about how memories are stored and accessed. It's really facinating - for me. Lots of people probably aren't that interested in that. Any thoughts to where you might go to college? I assume you'll be going for education/teaching.", "I live in Michigan so I'm thinking of going to Michigan State.  They have the best education program in the United States.", "That sounds like a good plan. Michigan is beautiful, I've been a couple times on vacation. The lakes are so pretty. I am sure when you run it's pretty scenic.", "It is.  That's the downside to moving inland if I go to Michigan State; I'll be much farther from Lake Michigan.", "I am sure there are also parts of Michigan to explore - won't be the same, I know. At least it's only for four years!", "True.  Hopefully I can get a job close to the lake afterwards and live there for the rest of my life.  How is your dog doing?", "He's good. He's getting older and it's quite sad. I can see him slowing down. But we are still hiking each day, for as long as we can.", "That's good.  Just enjoy every moment that you have with him.", "Exactly, it will be heartbreaking, he's 13, which is super old for a large-breed dog. I've had him since he was a puppy. But yes, we are enjoying each day."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am searching for a job.", "I am a college student. I like to play soccer.", "My mother runs the college. I study soccer.", "My mom has a boyfriend. I live in my mom's basement.", "I have no siblings.", "I got a new job. I am a scuba diving instructor. I make 35,000 a year. My colleagues are nice but don't engage much. My co-workers are lazy and my manager doesn't seem to mind.", "I was certified in scuba instructing two years ago."], "partner_persona": ["I have never played soccer. I love to go running.", "I love to sing.", "I am an only child.", "I am looking for a new job. I do not like my current job. I feel unappreciated at work. I need work that feels exciting to me.", "I've never been scuba diving but would like to. I have a boring office job. I'm thinking about getting a new job. I'd like to work for a non-profit. I'd like to make a difference in my job.", "I'd like to work for an international non-profit."], "current_conv": ["A friend told me about an international non-profit that's looking for new employees.", "Oh, really? Tell me more, please, so I can get out of this miserable job! Every day I spend there just feels like another day wasted.", "The job is in international and domestic disaster relief, it is called Samaritan's Purse. They are always looking for passionate and compassionate people. It would involve a lot of travel though, are you open to that?", "Uh, yeah! Absolutely! I'm so bored with my life here. I feel like I'm not making any kind of real impact on the world, or making myself a legacy I will be proud of. I feel like giving back and seeing the world could give me a bigger purpose! I am interested in learning more about Samaritan's Purse if you could tell me!", "There are a few different employment path's that you could take through them. One would be working out of their headquarters in North Carolina and then going out on 2-3 year deployments to places in need. The other option is joining their DART team which puts you on 2-3 week deployments on an as needed basis. So, they have some different options depending on how long you want to be away for.", "I think I would be more interested in a long term deployment, although, it is a lot for me to consider first, so I will have to learn more. But I know for sure that I am committed to leaving where I am currently and starting a new chapter of my life. ", "Yes, it is a huge commitment. You could also start on a DART team to see if the company and position is a good fit for you, and then transfer into a long-term and full-time position if you are enjoying it. There is a lot to consider here and you are very talented so you will have a lot of opportunities. ", "If I were to try out the short term deployments first, would I be able to switch into a more long-term one if I would prefer? At least this way, I could see if it's a good fit first?", "Yes, exactly!! That is definitely an option, and I think that would be the best route to take. They are always looking for people with medical, sanitation, water treatment, record-keeping, project management, or ministry experience. Do you have any of that?", "I have a little experience in record-keeping and project management, as I've done these roles in my current office job. Would that work?", "Certainly! Those are essential to keeping the non-profit running. I think that you would be a great fit within the non-profit. How soon are you looking to quit your job?", "As soon as realistically possible - I need to stay a couple more pay periods so I can pay off a few loose ends, but after that, my lease on my apartment will be up as well, so I'll be free to go anywhere."], "history_conv": [["Hi there! I am looking for a job! Any idea where I should look??", "Well what skills do you have?", "Well I am in college and I enjoy soccer a lot!", "I never played soccer, but I love to run! What are you studying?", "My mom runs the school so I am studying soccer.", "I didn't know you could study soccer. Sport science?", "Mom's boyfriend says I will live in mom's basement forever unless I change what I am studying.", "Don't listen to him and follow what you love!", "See that's what I'm saying! What do you love?", "I love to sing, I do it whenever I can!", "Wonderful! I hope to hear you on the radio one day.", "Thank you! I bet you will be an amazing soccer player!", "I just wish I would have had siblings to practice with. Do you have any?", "No, I am an only child, but my parents have been great.."], ["I think I may have secured a job!", "That sounds great, what kind of job did you apply for?", "I applied to be a scuba diving instructor. I learned how to do it in college and never thought it would get me a job! Hahaa", "How much are they going to pay you?", "Not much. It's only 35,000 a year. But I guess it makes up for it that I'll be scuba diving almost every day!", "I'm also looking for another job since I'm unhappy in my current one. Now you have given me more motivation to find one.", "I'm glad to hear that. What's going on in your current job? What's making you unhappy?", "The workload is really intense and I feel that my boss does not appreciate my efforts.", "Ugh, that sounds terrible. I can't believe someone who can't appreciate their team can go become a boss! It's unfair", "My workplace is not a meritocracy. My boss is related to the owner of my company.", "Oh that's even better. What kind of job would you be looking for?", "Hopefully something in the sports or entertainment industry. I need work that excites and motivates me."], ["I had my first shift at my new job!", "How did it go? Are your colleagues nice?", "They seem to be but they do not engage too much", "Oh so they are a bit lazy? What's your manager like?", "The workers do only as much as they need to get by and the manager seems satisfied not to rock the boat", "Well I hope they don't pile too much of the work on you then. How long ago did you train as a scuba diving instructor?", "I finished my training and certifications about 2 years ago", "That's great. I've never been scuba diving before though I'd like to try. Hearing about such an adventurous job makes me want to leave my boring office job even more!", "What type of work are you looking for?", "I think with my skill set that maybe I could move into the charity sector and work for a good cause. That way, even if it's not the most exciting role, at least I'd feel like I was making a difference. Do you think you'll still have time to play soccer alongside your new job?", "I am not sure-I would like to but only if it does not interfere-what kind of charity work are you thinking about?", "Maybe working for international aid or something like that. I'm not sure yet, I should start looking!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My grandma just went to Italy.", "I only watch British tv.", "I have two handguns.", "My favorite song is Moonlight Sonata.", "I have an electric VW Beetle.", "I like Britbox and Blackadder."], "partner_persona": ["My grandma and I don't always get along.", "I have a lazy son.", "I deeply value recycling.", "I want a Tesla. I want an electric Beetle.", "I watch a British show on Netfilx called The Circle UK."], "current_conv": ["What other cars intrest you?", "I'm interested in smart cars, but I don't know a lot about them.", "I used to have a mini cooper. I loved the gas mileage but I never had room for my long legs. I really want to get a FIAT someday.", "Fiats are small also, are they not?", "They are but supposedly they have more leg room. I would definitely have to be sure of that before getting one. I also hear that FIATs can drive under water, so that might come in handy on rainy days here in Seattle. ", "Oh wow! That's very interesting. I didn't know that.", "Yes, a weird but fun fact that may come up in trivia some day. My grandma actually got to the main manufacturing plant for FIATs when she was in Italy.", "I'll definitely tuck that information away!", "I really like to do trivia on the weekend with some of my friends at a local bar. Have you ever gone to trivia?", "I have. It's fun, but I'm not great at it.", "The nice thing about trivia is that there is so much variety that you can usually find at least one game around tailored to your individual experiences. What kind of hobbies do you have besides cars?", "I like watching Netflix. I especially enjoy British shows."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "Great! How are you?", "Great! My grandma just got here from italy!.", "How fun! Did she have a nice trip?", "She did, but she's not happy because I will only watch british tv.", "I know about grandma's being disappointed. We differ on my support of animal rights.", "Yeah she doesn't like my two handguns either lol.", "Oh. That would be tough!", "She likes my vw beetles though.", "Did you get an old beetle? I think people should recycle and reuse old stuff.", "It is! I like to listen to moonlight sonata while I drive it's my fav song.", "Hmm. I'm unsure what that is. I will have to ask my son. He is hip."], ["Does your son share your passion for recycling?", "Not at all lol. He is too lazy and just throws everything into the big trash bin we have.", "That must be so frustrating. Do you go back and separate everything he puts in there or could you not be bothered with that?", "I used to do that, but it's too time consuming. I hope that he will eventually mature and understand how important it is to recycle.", "Have you thought about taking something he likes away so he recycles? Or do you feel its his choice to make with that?", "I think with time, he will understand the significance of doing your part for the environment. Maybe when he gets older and starts car buying since many cars are going electric now. By the way, how is your VW Beetle? Is it the new electric one or the classic Beetle?", "You'd be happy to know that it is the new electric one. I have to do my part to help the environment no matter how small an impact it might be", "I'm actually thinking about getting an electric car also. I'm eyeing the Tesla but I feel that everyone drives those now.", "For good reason I think right. I don't know much about the actual cars, but people seem to like them alot. You should get one if you really like it!", "I know, that seems to be the trend nowadays. Plus states are giving incentives such as tax cuts and more lanes dedicated to electric vehicles.", "So when basically everyone has electric cars, will gas guzzlers get their own lanes? lol", "They just might lol. there will always be people who prefer conventional cars to the electric ones."], ["How's your lazy son holding up?", "Thank you! He is doing great now :) Did your grandma get back from Italy? How did she like it?", "My grandma won't get back until two weeks later. I quite like her stamina traveling so much at her age! How is your grandma getting along?", "Oh she's fine, we just don't talk that much... and that's OK! lol", "With all the time I have before my grandma gets back, I can tinker a bit on my electric Beetle. Little fuel -- sorry, wattage -- efficiency tweaks and that kind of thing.", "How's the Beetle working for you? I always wanted one! :))) Ehy do you only watch british TV btw? Is there a specific reason for that?", "The Beetle is a reliable workhorse, good 'nuff for me! Which means I can indulge in the finer points of the Goldilocks-just-right pacing and lack of extraneous fluff that makes me come back to British TV shows.", "YOu sound so technical! :)) That's awesome. I do like british tv shows to... speaking of which... just last week I watched The Circle UK on Netflix lol", "I'm sorry, haven't heard of it...but I can wholeheartedly recommend Britbox (britbox.com) and its comedies, like Blackadder.", "For real? Never heard of it but I will definitely look it up! Thanks :)", "I heard you're pretty big on recycling...I can recommend some good environmental science shows from the BBC, and also gardening if you're into it."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to play video games.  League of legends is my favorite game. I just got a new laptop. My friends play video games with me.", "I work on a computer. I work remotely.", "I am interested in fishing. I don't have any fishing gear. I think fishing would be calming and relaxing.", "I like anatomy.", "I don't like it when people litter."], "partner_persona": ["I like to fish. I eat what I catch. I like spending time in nature.", "I work in an office. I'm broke.", "My favorite music group is Sublime. I live in a condo on the beach.", "I drive to work.  I like to listen to my music loudly.", "I like fishing. My favorite fish is rainbow trout. I use Powerbait when I fish. I fish in the river.", "I think catching a rainbow trout is a good omen. I usually fish with a couple of buddies by the side of the river. I don't have a boat. Some of my friends have boats.", "I occasionally BBQ the fish that I catch."], "current_conv": ["Are you going fishing this weekend? I here it's going to be really hot out.", "Yes, I am planning on going fishing this weekend despite the heat. I will make sure to bring an umbrella and lots of sunscreen to help protect me from the sun. I don't like to go a weekend without fishing because it keeps me calm and relaxed.", "That sounds like something I could use. I spend all my time totally absorbed into video games lately, and as much as I love it, I find myself longing to have a real experience outside of the house. ", "Wow, we are so similar! I was spending too much time inside playing video games, so that is why I got into fishing. I needed to find and activity that I liked and would get me out of the house. Video games can be so addictive and it is a hard habit to break.", "I'm so good at League of Legends, though. I'm always afraid that if I put it down too long I will lose skill and rank. But perhaps a weekend or two out of the house wouldn't hurt me - would you like a little company on your fishing trip?", "Please join me, I would love a little company! I think that you would really enjoy it and I have extra fishing equipment that you can use. Would you be available as early as this weekend?", "Yeah, I'm pretty much always free on weekends. Plus, if my work needs me for anything, I can do most of it from my phone if necessary. Do you think I'll have service out there? Where do you go fishing at?", "I have a few different fishing holes that I like to visit, some are more remote than others. If you come with me this weekend, we can go to a lake that is more populated and will definitely have service while we fish.", "Okay, that sounds good. I'm really excited to finally disconnect for a little bit. Is it hard? I've never really gone before so I don't really know much about HOW to fish.", "It is hard to disconnect and sit quietly with your thoughts, but it is not hard to fish. I will get your line all set up and show you how to cast, and then we just sit and wait. It can be difficult to break down the fish for eating after it is caught. Do you know how to break down a fish?", "Eek, I've never done anything to an animal like that. To be honest, the only fish I've ever had was a Fish Filet from McDonalds. I feel like I'll probably be a little squeamish, at least at first. ", "Maybe we shouldn't break down the fish your first time haha. If you would like, we can release the fish right after we catch it."], "history_conv": [["Hi what's up? Can't wait to finish work to get back to my games? Do you play?", "What kind of games?", "Online video games. I love league of legends, my fave.", "That must be a popular game, I've heard of it before but never play.", "You should try it some time. I just got a new laptop to optimize my gaming.", "I spend my freetime fishing, that's what I eat during the week so no time for gaming.", "Ok. Lol. Fishing is cool. Perhaps my gamining friends and I could try that sometime.", "Yes, get away from the screens and go outside!", "Agreed. My work and my leisure are both computer based. But I try to be balanced.", "I work in an office so getting out is really needed.", "Happy I'm free to work anywhere. On my porch, the beach, by a river...", "That sounds glorious. I like listening to sublime by my condo on the beach.", "Yeah, music relaxes me too. Do you listen while you work?", "I'm not allowed too, but I do in the car, very loud."], ["What fish do you catch most often?  Is it your favorite to eat?", "I typically catch rainbow trout and it is one of my favorites to eat! It tastes similar to salmon.", "Do you need to buy live bait to catch those?", "Yes, it's best to buy Powerbait--unless you have maggots hanging around lol", "Well luckily for me I have no maggots lying around, haha. I'm interested in learning how to catch, clean, and cook fish. Maybe I can join you in one of your fishing adventures", "Lol! Yes lucky for both of us! Yes, feel free to join. I think cleaning the fish is everyone's least favorite thing to do.", "I dunno, I'm fascinated by anatomy in general, so I think it'll be fun to learn. And practical too. Where do you go to fish usually? Is it generally safe to eat the stuff you catch?", "Ha! Yes, maybe you'd enjoy after all. Usually I fish in the larger rivers in my area. My catches are definitely safe to eat!", "Awesome. Well then let's not wait. When's the next trip going to be??", "I'd like to try a couple of days before Independence Day. That way there will be plenty of fresh fish to fry and grill.", "Awesome. Do you have extra gear I can borrow? If not, I'd love some recommendations so I can have my own set too", "Of course! I only ask that you bring extra lure and bait. That way we can catch as many as possible."], ["Have you caught any rainbow trout when you were out fishing?", "Sure, lots of times! I feel especially lucky when I catch one. It's a good omen, in my book.", "If they are a good omen, it makes sense that they are your favorite fish! Have you got any fishing trips planned?", "I don't usually go by myself. I prefer to go with a couple of buddies. It depends on their schedules, because I'm up to fishing any time.", "Yea I can imagine that fishing is quite calm and relaxing, but can also be fun with some buddies by your side! This might be a silly question but do you use a boat when you fish, or are you sat on the bank of the river?", "I've done both. Most of the fishing I do is by a river. I don't have a boat. I know a couple of guys with boats and sometimes I go out with them.", "That's good you have access to a friend's boat when you need it! I guess now that it's bbq season you'll be putting some of the catches on the bbq?", "Sometimes it goes on the BBQ. I live in a condo, so it's not ideal for BBQ. They won't allow people to BBQ on the beach.", "Oh yea, I guess BBQs on the beach would just end up with loads of litter everywhere. I hate it when people don't clean up after themselves. How's your office job going?", "\"The worst day fishing is better than the best day at the office.\" It's a job. It's predictable and stable.", "As long as it makes the money you need to do the things you love (and doesn't cause so much stress as to ruin your leisure time!)", "Exactly. That's the best I can do under the circumtances: not having money. LOL"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a truck.", "I have brown eyes and brown hair.", "I'm from new england. I live in Wisconsin now. I moved due to school and stayed for a job.", "I enjoy outdoors and fishing. I enjoy river fishing and want to try sea fishing.", "I used to live in New England and did clamming.", "I went lake fishing for the first time. I really enjoyed fishing, I plan to go again. There are many lakes and rivers near me.", "I'm looking for a new job. I have a second interview in a few days. It's for an outdoor job that I really want.", "I always use sunscreen.", "I read about cars."], "partner_persona": ["I drive a smart car.", "I have blonde eyes and blue hair. My parents are from the north.", "I live in Alaska for 3 years, But want to move to a big city. I used to live on the east coast.  I also did deep sea fishing while there. I love fishing with others.", "I work in an office. I don't like being in an office. My job won't risk me getting skin cancer.", "I might get an electric car soon."], "current_conv": ["I read a great article about electric cars I thought you might be interested in.", "If you have time later, could you send the article to me? I am trying to narrow down the choices of which kind of electric car I want.", "Sure. It is an article about \"12 Best-Selling Electric Vehicles of 2021\". They break each car according to specs. I thought it could help you in your search. ", "That would be great to read. It's strange: a decade ago their were so few electric cars that you didn't really have to chose. Now there are so many to pick from it is completely overwhelming! As a nature enthusiast I'm sure you are excited about the quick transition to green energy.", "Definitely. I just wish we could transition faster. I can not imagine not being able to enjoy nature in the future the way we have the luxury of enjoying it now. That is why I am definitely going to take this new job if it is offered to me.", "That's right, your interview was yesterday, right? How did it go?", "I am still waiting to hear but I think I expressed how passionate I feel about the position. On a positive note, it is between me and two others so the odds aren't horrible.", "I really hope you get it, it sounds like it would be a great opportunity for you. When do you think they will let you know if you got the job or not?", "She said it would be some time next week. She was heading out of town for a few days but she assured me that she would be making her decision as soon as she returned.", "That seems like a long time to wait. I would be impatient. I bet you will get it, though. Have you had a chance to fish in the lake again while waiting to hear the news?", "Not yet. We have received quite a bit a rain in the area lately and the water levels are much too high at the moment. What about you?", "No, but I did go on a hike near the lake last weekend. It was such a beautiful view, I wish I had taken pictures. Have you hiked in mountains before?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there! Nice day to to fishing, would you say?", "It sure is, the alaskan salmon are spawning now I think.", "Are you from alaska? Where you from?", "I lived there for three years, im hopin to retire to the beach soon.", "Yah, trying to decide on fishing or baseball. What do you like.", "Well I srive a smart car so baseball would be my choice.", "Want to race? I have a truck. Haha!", "Sounds like a sure thing! Lol waht color hair and eyes do you have?", "Brown and brown again..", "Blonde and blue here. My folks lived up north and started a cult.", "Wow! I'm from new england. That is pretty repulsive to me!", "Its a cult of personality though!"], ["Why do you want to leave alaska?", "It was too lonely.  I like having more people around.  I wanted to get back to living in a city.", "I understand. Sometimes I feel the same but I love the isolation and the outdoors just to fish and be by myself", "Oh, I like having some time alone, but everyone is just so isolated here especially in the winter months.  I didn't get to do much fishing.  What type of fishing do you like?", "I love to trout fish in the rivers. But I would like to take up sea fishing", "Deep sea fishing is a lot of fun.  I did it regularly when I lived on the east coast.  I still have a picture of my first marlin!", "It is funny I never fished when I lived in New England. Went clamming a few times but now when I don't live by the ocean I want to go sea fishing", "Ironic!  Where are you living now?", "I live in Wisconsin now", "Wow.  That is a big change from New England.  Why did you move?", "I came out here to go to school and found a job and sort of kept me here", "That is very common.  Do you like it there?"], ["I tried lake fishing yesterday.  I wasn't able to catch anything, but I still had fun.", "That's awesome! Fishing is one of that patient things. Some people really enjoy it and others can't stand it. I am glad you had fun - do you think you will go again?", "Oh I definitely will.  There are lots of lakes and rivers near me, so I will go as much as possible.  Hey, you should come along the next time.", "That would be fun. I'd enjoy the company. Any leads on a job? It's so hard to find good jobs.", "I forgot I even mentioned looking for a new one!  I actually have a second interview coming up later this week.  It's actually a job that should allow me to be outdoors most of the day, so I'm really hoping I get it.", "That's great. A second interview, means they liked you! An outdoor job?! That's excited. I am stuck in an office each day. That's super exciting. You'll have to let me know how it goes!", "I will be letting you know as soon as I find out.  Fingers crossed.  You know what though, that office job will make you appreciate the outdoors all the more.", "That's true. I hadn't thought about it that way. Plus it reduces my risk of like skin cancer, etc..", "Yep.  I am always really good about sunscreen.  This new job won't have me exposed too much even though I will be outdoors.", "That's the best of both worlds then. I am so happy for you.", "Well, I don't have it yet, so let's not jinx it.  I hope I didn't jinx your car when I said I read they were unreliable, but has your smart car still be working well?", "It's still alive and kicking! I am thinking about getting an electric car soon, though. Better for the environment and such."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I've lived in the US since I was 14.  My family is from India.", "I like to walk.  I live tennis.", "I am an accountant.  I have an MBA in business.", "I like rock, pop, and country music.", "I like Sufjan Stevens.  I like to cook. I love to bake.I bake a good german chocolate cake.", "I use the internet.", "I have my own recipe.", "I am social.", "I'm a business financial consulting. I like my work.", "I haven't been to any concerts lately. I have summer concert tickets with three different stages."], "partner_persona": ["I love exercise.  I love to run.", "I don't play tennis.", "I am a tax accountant. I like my work.", "Sufjan Stevens is my favorite musician.", "I don't like cooking. I dont know much abut cooking.", "I recently moved to a new aprtment.", "I like to learn through books. I'm not too creative.", "I have time on weekends.", "I just started zumba and it was a lot of fun.", "I think being a business consultant sounds fun.", "I haven't been to any concerts lately. I love going to concerts with multiple bands."], "current_conv": ["Guess what? I got you tickets to the concert I'm going to. Will you join me?", "That sounds great, I'd love to join you! Who are we going to see?", "It's a country music concert. Kenny Chesney will be there.", "Sounds like fun, I've never been to a country show before. Will there be any other bands?", "Yes, there are three stages. I'm not sure who the other bands are yet.", "Cool, I can't wait. Concerts are such a good way to spend a summer evening!", "I agree. Summer concerts are my favorite!", "What day of the week will the concert be? I hope it's on a weekend because I'm busy at work all week long.", "Oh yes. It's on a Saturday.", "Perfect! Should I bring any food, maybe some cake?", "Something that won't melt and lots of water!", "Sound like a plan, I'll bring lots of tasty snacks and plenty of water."], "history_conv": [["Hi tell me abut yourself. I'm from india and my family came to the us when I was 14.", "I'm a runner, I love to run and get exercise. Do you like to run?", "I like to walk. Any sports? I'm an avid tennis player.", "No mostly just running. What do you do for work?", "I'm an accountant with an mba in business. And, you?", "I also work as an accountant. I'm a tax accountant. What kid of music do you like?", "Rock, pop, country. What about you?", "Well, I really like to listen to sufjan stevens, my favorite musician.", "He's great. Any hobbies, I love to try recipies as I'm a pretty good cook.", "Not really. What do you like to cook? Anything special?", "Actually, I love to bake. I make a mean german chocolate cake.", "Woah that sounds awesome. Anything new happen recently?", "Not at this end, what about you?", "I recently just moved into a new apartment."], ["I just tried out a new recipe for gyros, and it's amazing!", "Wow, what made the new recipe so good?", "Most definitely the blackened grilled chicken and the shawarma sauce. Yum!", "The secret I feel is always in the sauce. I'm glad you finally found a recipe you like. Do you try new recipes often? I want to get into cooking but there's just so many that I don't know where to start.", "I try new recipes pretty often. Pinterest always has the best recipes for newbies like us.", "I saw that Pinterest had a lot of recipes but the website is so confusing. Maybe I should use a classic cookbook. I am kind of old-school like that...", "That's understandable. How have you found new recipes in the past?", "I'm not too creative so I just looked up classic dishes like spaghetti and meatballs, baked cod, things like that. But I think I need some more creative ideas from a seasoned pro.", "My gyro recipe was inspired by a local restaurant in my neighborhood.", "Maybe I can cook with you sometime. Are you free this weekend?", "Sure. We are making a ton of gyros for Memorial Day Weekend.", "Oh is there an event going on? Sounds like a perfect way to get some practice."], ["Have you tried any new exercise regimen?", "I've started doing zumba! I always thought it was silly, but it's actually super fun. Don't know how long I'll stick with it but I'm glad I'm trying it", "Do you enjoy your work as a tax accountant?", "It's not the most exciting thing, but I enjoy finding loopholes in the tax laws to help people save money. Do you like your work?", "Yes most of my work these days is more in the area of business financial consulting", "Ah, that sounds like it could be fun. Does it seem repetitive to you, or is each business unique enough to keep it interesting?", "Usually each business is different and facing different problems-have you been to any concerts recently", "No, I haven't, but I really should! Maybe on some upcoming weekend. What about you?", "It's been a while but I have tickets for a summer concert with 5 or 6 different acts playing", "Woah that sounds awesome! Concerts with multiple bands are always super fun. Are there multiple stages?", "Yes they are setting up three different stages-it should be awesome-you should check if there are still any tickets avaialble", "Yeah I definitely will! Sounds like a fun time, and we could hang out."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have dogs.", "I like coffee.", "I enjoy hiking and camping. I take my dogs camping.", "I like to bowl. I like to drink White Russian cocktails.", "I sipped a latte while watching the sunrise.", "I want to plan a camping trip. I have a couple of tents.", "I have a canoe. My dogs love going in the canoe.", "I like making breakfast over a fire. I like making scrambled eggs over a fire."], "partner_persona": ["I have a farm. I like dogs. I live on a farm.", "My work involves computers.", "I have three kids. I have a daughter and animals. I have boys and a pond.", "I also like watching a sunrise.", "I get up most mornings.", "My children have never been camping before. My kids love the outdoors. I want to plan a camping trip. My daughter doesn't like bugs.", "I love s'mores. I like to swim. I like to hike."], "current_conv": ["I found out there's a huge hole in my canoe, but we can rent one at the campsite if you want.", "Oh no! I am so sorry to hear about the hole in your canoe! How big is it? Is it too big to patch up? I can pitch in on the rental expenses if we need to get another one.", "It's big enough to fit in a golf ball. Would need a proper repair unfortunately. Nice of you to offer to pitch in. Would you be bringing your kids along?", "Oh no, what a bummer! I am so sorry to hear that, I wonder how the hole occurred. Yes, I will be bringing my daughter along. I have already purchased a life vest for her.", "Cool. I'll be bringing my dogs along too. We could rent a moderately sized canoe then. Is she a good swimmer?", "Okay, perfect. Do you know where we can rent a canoe? I do not know of any rental companies, but I can start to look into it. My daughter is a total fish! She love to swim and is so good at it. She is really looking forward tothis trip.", "I think they offer rentals close to the camp site. Who would run the farm whilst you are away?", "My wife and two oldest children will be able to run the farm while I am away. Before I leave on any trip, I make sure to get the big jobs finished so that when I cam gone they only need to maintain it. How long will our camping trip be?", "Sounds good. I was thinking of camping for the weekend. Would you be interested in hiking this time?", "I would love to go hiking during this trip!! Have you camped in this area before? What are the trails like?", "Cool! that way we could catch great views of the sunset. It's quite rocky terrain with the occasional mountain lions. Would you bring a camera with you?", "Yes, I will bring my camera with me. I will make sure to buy a shock resistant strap for it before the trip, I do not want to drop it and break it. I will be able to take some great photos of the scenery. Will you be bringing your dog on our camping trip? I am sure I could get a few super cute photos of him!"], "history_conv": [["Salutations!", "Hey! Do you like animals?", "I have a few dogs and love spending time with them.", "Nice! I love dogs and hanging out with them on my farm.", "I love coffee, im kind of a connoisseur, know any good methods of brewing?", "I'll have to look some up, I work with computers.", "I prefer my leisure activities, hiking camping and such.", "I do those on the farm with my three kids.", "I also enjoy bowling in a bathrobe and drinking white russians...", "Nice! Maybe I'll see if that's possible on the farm.", "Sounds good. Any other activities?", "Playing with the dogs, working on computers in the fields."], ["What kind of work do you do with computers?", "Well, today is basic data entry, but it depends on the week and what projects we have going on in the office at any given moment, you know? I have realized that keeping track of schedules, etc. makes life on the farm easier to manage.", "Oh I'm sure. With such a big farm you have to stay organized. What do the kids like most about the farm?", "Oh, the animals, by far. My daughter is especially interested in the horses. She likes to help feed them and take care of them.", "That's so sweet. I'm sure they would all love my dogs. I should bring them by the farm sometime!", "That'd be great! You're welcome to come by any time and for sure bring the dogs. They could play with my boys and go swimming out in the pond. Just bring some towels. Don't want wet dog smell in your car seats, haha.", "Hahaha so true. Most of the time when I bring the dogs camping I can't really avoid it, they love to cool off in anything they can swim in", "Oh yeah, I bet! Have you been to the new campground out on the edge of town? I heard great reviews.", "Yes! I brought the dogs out there last weekend. I grabbed a latte on the way and sipped it while we watched the sunrise. It was gorgeous.", "That sounds amazing. There's really nothing like sunrise this time of year, am I right?", "You're so right. You must see it all the time, right? Seeing as you're up so early on the farm.", "Yup, every morning, unless it's overcast. There's nothing like those pinks and oranges and yellows first thing in the morning."], ["Do you take your children camping sometimes? Maybe we can get together for a trip to the campground.", "I've never taken them camping, but I think they'd love it! They enjoy the outdoors quite a bit, and I'm sure they'd love your dogs", "That sounds like a fun trip! I will bring the supplies for the Smores - kids love to make those over a campfire.", "Yes! I have so many fond memories of smores. I used to love setting the marshmallows on fire haha. Is there a campsite near a lake? Could be fun to go swimming", "We should totally find one. That would be fun. I have a canoe I could bring. I don't have too many preservers but we might be able to rent some for your kids. Even my dogs like to be in the canoe.", "That sounds so cute! I love the idea of dogs riding in boats haha. Yeah I bet we could rent some, I think they'd love it. Would we need to get a tent, or do you have one that could fit us all?", "I have a five person and a single. So that might work. But yeah, maybe there's a deal going on where I can find one of those massive palace style tents. I've always wanted one.", "oooh that'd be cool. The kids can help set it up, it'd be good for them to learn how to pitch a tent. I'm guessing there's good hiking around the campsite?", "Hiking, for sure. We could also have them help make breakfast over the fire. Go old-school with it. I did that as a kid with my parents and it's a very fond memory.", "Ooh yeah, that'd be super fun! What kinds of foods are good for that? Like oatmeal or pancakes?", "Those are good or even scrambled eggs. Super easy. We don't have to bring a lot and the kids will be impressed they cooked.", "Sounds good! I think they'll have a lot of fun. My daughter might not love the bugs, but it's good for her to be exposed to things like that"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy running.", "I am a tax accountant. I have a well paying job. I am wise with my money.", "I live in New York city. I recently moved to a new apartment. I have neighbors.", "I like food that is high in protein. I don't have a gym membership.", "I know about the auroras in Alaska. I went to Canada and Mexico. I would like to see the aurora borealis.", "I want to go traveling to other countries."], "partner_persona": ["I enjoy running outside.", "I am a programmer. I spend a lot of time sitting. I do computer programming.", "I prefer to wear casual attire to work. My office has a casual dress code.", "I grew up in Alaska, where I now live.", "I enjoy eating meat. My favorite meat is steak.", "I am used to the cold weather.I like to run.  I have an active lifestyle.", "I am sarcastic.", "I like looking at nature. I would like to see wild orcas.", "I'm thinking about financial stability.", "I have never been outside of the U.S before. I would like to travel overseas."], "current_conv": ["Did you know there were wild Orcas spotted earlier today?", "What??? Where was this at?", "I am not sure I came in on the end of the conversation at work. I was hoping you had heard something about it.", "No, I haven't heard anything.  I'll have to look into that because that's a super rare sighting!", "I remember there were some killer whales spotted in Galveston but another occurrence is crazy!", "Yeah, I remember that one for sure.  Did you know that they only appear by the shore once every 5-6 years, during their mating season?", "I did not know that. Have you ever seen any in Alaska? I was not sure how far north they go.", "No, they don't really live in the area I am at since it is a sort of bay/island.  They prefer wide open ocean.", "I envy how you are surrounded by nature. As much as I love the concrete jungle it is getting to crowded at times. Do you ever long for big city life?", "No way, you should try living in nature at some point.  Go rent a cabin for a week and see how beautiful it is.", "I have been contemplating a trip to Iceland as I am determined to see the Northern Lights.", "Oh man.  Iceland is the most beautiful place I've ever visited."], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you today!", "Hi, good. I just came back from outside. I love running.", "I love running as well, how was your run?", "Very good, thanks. Good to strech my legs, I sit all the time, I am a programmer.", "I am a tax accountant, can be stressful how about your job?", "A programmer. I like casual dress code. I wear t-shirt and pants all the time.", "That sounds pretty good, I doubt you wear your running gear to the office though!", "Good point. Where do you live? I grew up in alaska, my parents as well.", "New york, I just recently got a new apartment here. How is alaska?", "Cold. What food do you like? I love meat, especially steaks.", "I love foods that are high in protein, helps keep my energy up!", "Same here. What are your hobbies?"], ["What do you do when it's too cold to run outside?", "Well, since I am used to the cold, it has to be REALLY cold for me not to run outside.  On those days, I use a treadmill.  I don't like it as much, but I will do it to keep active.", "that is good. At my old place I had enough room for a treadmill. But my new apartment is a lot smaller so I had to sell it.", "Without a treadmill what do you do when it is too cold outside to run?", "run it place indoors. I bet my downstairs neighbors love the thumping I make, lol", "Haha!  I bet they love you.  Have they ever complained?", "not yet. I still think that they believe the old tenant still lives in this apartment so they probably tolerate the noise more than coming from a new person", "I wonder how long that will last for you.  Do you have a gym nearby that you could use?", "I think there are gyms around but have not look for one yet. By the way, have you ever written a tax program before?", "In fact, I have.  I worked on an early version of a now quite popular online tax software.", "that sounds great. My boss wants a more customized tax program that meets our specific needs.", "You definitely should have him contact my employer.  We do a lot of custom work."], ["Have you seen the auroras in alaska?", "No, but hopefully some day. Nature is pretty amazing and Alaska looks awesome. Have you?", "No, I've never been to a place where they are. I figure that one day, maybe when I'm retired, I'll get a chance to travel more.", "Are you close to retiring?", "Not really. I don't want to retire at the moment. I got a good list of clients, steady work. It's a good setup. But I'm saving and investing, so I don't want to spend money on travel at the moment.", "Yeah, I definitely need to start saving for retirement as well but it's not easy.  Have you ever traveled out of the country in the past?", "Canada and Mexico. Quicks trips, 3-4 days. Just to blow off steam. I like getting away for a while, but I know that if it becomes regular, I'm going to get behind on my savings goals.", "Yeah, traveling is crazy expensive.  It's also easy to start spending and not think of the consequences.  I've never been outside of the US before but I'd like to go to Norway and see killer whales in the wild.", "Norway. Very expensive country, but a very rich country. Nice, safe. I'd love to go. Probably could see the aurora borealis there.", "Yes, for sure.  It's a bucket list trip.  I can always head down to Washington and see orcas there which would still be amazing.  They're my favorite animal and seeing them in the wild is a dream. What's on your bucket list?", "Some basic stuff. Eiffel Tower. Great Wall. Pyramids. Petra. Touristy stuff for sure, but a good place to start.", "Yeah, those all sound amazing.  Petra especially seems other worldly.  Hopefully you get to go someday.  Make sure to take tons of pictures."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love to swim.", "I am a good debater.", "I enjoy computer programming.", "I just started a new job as a prison guard. I have been to jail and to prison. I work at night. I recently got a raise. I work at a prison.", "I'm interested in computer programming.", "I live in a house. I want a swimming pool. I live 30 minutes away from a public swimming pool.", "I don't like to wake up early.  I begin working at 8 am. I enjoy sleeping in."], "partner_persona": ["I live near a pool. I go swimming occasionally.I don't have a gym membership.", "I'm a middle school teacher.", "I have a back yard. I like swimming pools.  I don't have room for a swimming pool. I live near a public swimming pool.  Sometimes I swim at the public swimming pool. I usually go to the public swimming pool before 6 am.", "I go to work right after I swim at the pool."], "current_conv": ["What do you do with your free time in the summer, since you are a teacher? ", "I have been slowly training for the Iron Man. I emphasize slowly. What do you do in your spare time?", "Ha, how fast do you run a mile?  I like to go running and swimming every night.", "Don't laugh but my mile is just under nine. Sad since the world champion can run it twice and beat me with room to spare.", "Eliuid kipchoge?  That dude can run a marathon at a faster mile rate than I can run one mile haha.", "I am right there with you. I can not understand how one runs just over 26 miles in two hours. If I sprinted the last hundred against his full marathon he would still annihilate me. What are your times?", "I can run a mile in 7 minutes but that is when it starts to hurt real bad.  I can do 9 comfortably.", "Okay so I have to aspire to your level. I can't wait to get even to there. I was hoping that the thought of Hawaii would inspire me for the upcoming Iron Man in October but I have made little progress in the last six months.", "Where are you running into trouble with the training?", "I have issues with motivation and there appears to be something off with my breathing. I keep feeling like I have bronchitis after I run. What is that?", "Uhhh, you may want to see a doctor.  That could be something bad.", "I thought it might be exercise asthma but maybe you are right. I will have to make an appointment."], "history_conv": [["Hey I just got back from a cruise how are you.", "Hello nice to meet you.", "I learned to swim when I was 5 and cant stay out of the water now.", "That's a good skill to learn.", "Im also awsome at debates,i took as a hooby/class in school.", "Yeah I think that's also good to know.", "Also computer programming is good another hobby/job of mine.", "Wow you sound like a well rounded person.", "Yeah I just started as a prison gard yesterday,programming doc files for the prison.", "Oh that sounds pretty awful.", "Meh ive been to jail its not so bad,just give respect and you will have it back.", "Jail or prison there's a difference.", "Both,county jail then prison 2 1/2 years.", "Well good for you I guess."], ["My new job at the prison is going really well so far.", "That's great. I'm glad you like it. You had the best perspective in being a good guard since you've actually been in jail.", "Yes, I think that helped me establish some credibility with the inmates right away.  And some of the other guards have asked me for insight on what the prisoners are thinking and feeling.  I'm happy with how everything's going so far.", "Sounds like a good fit. It will be interesting to see if you can help improve some things since you've actually experienced it.", "Yes, I hope so.  The only downside is that I'm working a graveyard shift.  I haven't fully acclimated to having to be up all night and then sleep during the day, although when I'm actually at work I'm so alert it's not a problem.", "I guess that will take some getting to used to. Hey, have you been swimming lately? I noticed a new pool opening in the area.", "Yes, I go for a swim after work.  It's a nice way to get in some exercise and also release the tension from my shift.  You never told me whether you swim, too.", "I do swim from time to time but nothing consistently. I should find a gym or public pool to join because I do enjoy it and it's great exercise.", "And what about work?  What do you do for a living?", "I teach history at the middle school. I've been there for about 8 years. Do you think you will stay at the prison for awhile cause I know you're also interested in computer programming.", "For now I'm staying at the prison because it's allowing me to use my programming and help my finances and improve my resume.  But if something better came along I'd definitely consider it.", "Well I wish you luck with job. I imagine it can be stressful at times. But of course, middle schoolers can be stressful too.... ha!"], ["I got a raise at work!", "That's good to here, I am really excited for you. Do you have any plans on what to buy with your additional income?", "I think I'm going to save my money for my own pool! I've always wanted to build a pool behind my house and now I will have some extra money.", "Thats sounds like a good investment, I would love to have a pool, except I don't have space for it in my back yard. Do you go swimming often at a public place?", "I live about 30 minutes from a public pool but I'd prefer to have my own pool. I don't like having so many people around at the public pool. Is your public pool crowded?", "During the weekends it can be really crowded, especially in the afternoon. On weekdays and the morning, it can be pretty empty. I try going in the morning, before heading to work.", "That's nice. How early do you go? I used to try to go before work but I had trouble waking up at 6am. I start work at 8am so it's hard to go to the pool before work.", "Its usually before 6 am that I head to the pool. I try swimming for at least 30 minutes, but sometimes I swim a bit longer. Waking up early is often something you get used to, but some people aren't really suited for it.", "I am not suited for it at all. I love to sleep in so much. Do you go straight from the pool to work?", "Yeah, when I do end up swimming I bring along my work clothes and I use the showers they have on site. I normally don't have time to head back home to change.", "That makes sense. I would also get too tired to go to work. Especially since the prison is so far from the public pool, it is hard to commute after swimming. I'm looking forward to having my own pool. I think I'll make it a salt water pool", "I didn't know you can make a pool salt water, I am mostly familiar with chlorine pools. Is it harder to maintain a salt water pool?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in a small town. My town has no coffee shop.", "I work at a grocery store.", "I have two dogs.", "I own a Ford.", "I like to paint graffiti anywhere. I have experience with spray painting and trying to get paint out of clothes.", "I don't have any tattoos currently. I would rather get a small tattoo first."], "partner_persona": ["I like to look at graffiti.", "My favorite TV show is Friends.", "I have five tribal tattoos. I have received a tattoo when I was young and not sober. I regret my tribal tattoos.", "I like art and other expressive works. I have tried spray painting before.", "I have multiple tattoos on my arms. I have one tattoo on my neck. I got my tattoos at a shop in my town.", "I have a cousin with at least one tattoo."], "current_conv": ["I have been looking at tattoo artists near me and I think I found one that I like on Instagram! I will send you their page.", "Great thank-you! How is work going?", "Everyone was buying a lot of bananas today. Is it some sort of banana related holiday or something?", "HaHa! Could be we might be missing out on something! Have you decided on what tattoo you want?", "A banana tattoo? I really have no idea, I just don't want it to look too dumb.", "I don't blame you I have too many regrettable tattoos. So maybe banana tattoo shouldn't be your first choice ;D Take your time and think about it. Make sure you reallyt look into the artist and see a lot of their work.", "That's why I'm sending you the Instagram page to look at. I really need your opinion before I do something regrettable. ", "I will definately take a look at it and give you my opinion. I know of a good artist that will be moving into your area soon so I will send you her web address. Have you had any time to do any spray painting lately?", "No, it's been super windy this week. Too windy to spray paint for sure. Man, there is nothing like the smell of fresh spray paint.", "I agree I love the smell of spray paint. It's been really windy here too. That might put a damper on peoples Banana Holiday plans. What type of pictures have you spray painted?", "Most of my work looks like cartoon characters. Not famous characters, but that type of style is what I go for usually.", "Sounds interesting. Have you thought about a tat of one of them?"], "history_conv": [["Hello!", "Hey! Lets have some coffee at my mother's coffee shop.", "The town I live in doesn't have a coffee shop, we aren't even that big.", "Do they have graffiti? I enjoy graffiri hunting.", "Some high school students sharpied the bathroom of the grocery store that I work at.", "Thats just like in an episode of my favorite show, friends.", "Lol. I might have seen some graffiti when I was walking my two dogs.", "Are they like tribal tattoos? I loved those. I have 5 of them.", "Nothing like tattoos where I live, maybe I will see some when I go back to college.", "Lets meet. Where do you live. Hopefully not far. I dont have a car yet.", "I have a ford, it can take me pretty far.", "So come visit me now."], ["I saw some awesome graffiti on a freight train the other day. I took a picture for you.", "That's so cool! I love seeing people express themselves. Hey, what would you graffiti on a freight train if you could get away with it?", "I would graffiti a flying bird. Wouldn't that look cool speeding down the tracks?", "It sure would! As for me, I think it would be hilarious to graffiti the cast of Friends on there.", "Hahaha that would be awesome. Have you tried doing any spray painting yet?", "I have and I ended up spraying myself more than my canvas. It seems like I'm destined to look instead of create. Side note, how in the HELL do you remove spray paint from your clothes?", "Um, I don't think it'd be easy at all... I would try using Shout or paint thinner? Haha, maybe you should just accept it as a badge of honor and make it part of a crazy modern look.", "Ooo I like the way you think. I have to own it! I already get weird looks in public anyway.", "Do you get weird looks because of your tattoos?", "Yeah, as it turns out... tribal tattoos became uncool recently. I will always be living in the early 2000s.", "Like we just said, we just have to own it. The people who give you looks don't even know you!", "You're right. I'm glad I have you to help me accept myself, drunken tattoo incidents and all."], ["Where did you get your tattoos at?  I'm interested in getting 1 or 2 of my own.", "If you mean where on my body then they're mostly on my arms and one on my neck.  If you mean what shop than it's just a local shop in town.  Do you have an idea of what you want to get?", "What's the place most people start? Ankle? Wrist? Favorite buttock? LOL", "I think upper arm, wrist, and behind the shoulder are pretty common.  Definitely stay away from the ribs unless you enjoy pain.", "Gotta be pretty tough, or pretty drunk, to get one on the ribs. I seen some on the ribs. I also seen some on the back. Is the back easier?", "The back would definitely be easier but everyone experiences it differently. Where do you plan on putting your first tattoo?", "I thought about a replica of a graffiti that I saw a while back. I didn't do it, but I took a picture of it. I think it would look cool, like my body got tagged.", "Yeah, typically you should get a tattoo that means something otherwise you might regret it down the line like my cousin.  She's trying to find a place to cover an old one from when she had just turned 18.lol", "That's another consideration. Pain is one thing, permanence is another.", "For sure.  But again everyone is different and you might get something that you just think is cool and have no regrets. Just think about it long and hard cause cover ups and removal hurts and is even more expensive.", "Good to know. I didn't think about removal. Better to start off small. Some people get religious/political stuff and then their thinking changes.", "Yeah, I definitely regret my tribal tats now that I'm older and sober. Not only am I not a part of any tribe but they're so cliche now.  Don't be like me.lol"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a vegetarian.", "I have a son.", "I watch the show 'Friends' with my son.", "I don't own a car. I own a bicycle built for two.", "I am not artistic.", "I ride bikes by the beach. I find the ocean peaceful and inspirational.", "I drink coffee. I like fresh coffee best."], "partner_persona": ["I have tattoos. I am a vegetarian.", "I am an  animals rights activist. I am also a graffiti artist.", "My favorite show is friends.", "My mom used to own a small coffee shop. I'm working on a new design to advertise my mom's shop. My mom's shop is a short walk from downtown. My mom serves Fair Trade coffee at her coffee shop. She has owned the shop for two months.", "I don't own a car.", "I am currently working on designing my mom's coffee shop mural.", "My mom's coffee shop is located near the beach.", "My mom's coffee shop uses local products.My mom makes her coffee by grinding beans."], "current_conv": ["What's your favorite drink at your mom's coffee shop? I'm looking to try something new when I go!", "It is the Mocha Caramel latte with a sprinkling of french toast and chocolate shavings on top. What is your favorite coffee flavor?", "That sounds delicious!  I usually get a Caramel Macchiato or a Vanilla Latte.  I have only recently started grinding my own beans.  So much better!", "Very true, it is so much better when they are freshly ground. I am spoilt at the coffee shop but I should make the effort to do it at home.", "So that's cool you are designing a mural for your mom's shop.  Are you an artist?", "I am. I am currently looking to incorporate local businesses into but also feature a community outreach to support the local animal shelter. I am having a creative block. Any suggestions?", "I kind of envision a mural of various ethnicities and genders talking, sipping coffee.  Colorful, and if outside, perhaps some doggies sitting waiting while their owners sip their coffee.  But I'm no expert...lol", "So go the less obvious but more open route. Interesting, I need to draw attention without the sense of obligation. I like it.", "Well, I'm sure you'll do a great job!  I'm envious because I am the least artistic person in the world....lol", "I highly doubt that. Art is subjective and open to creative interpretation. You should try it in whatever form. It is incredibly relaxing.", "I may do that.  Just to tap into my creativity.  I do enjoy writing - especially poetry.", "That is cool. I am a huge fan of Dylan Thomas. Who do you respond to?"], "history_conv": [["Hi there are you a dirty meat eater? I am certainly not.", "Strictly vegetarian! My five tattoos are all related to it.", "Perfect so maybe you are an activist about things like animals rights and recycling, etc.", "Yes, definitely! Art as well, especially graffiti.", "As a father I like to do all of these with my son to teach him well.", "That's good! Have you ever seen the show friends? It's my favorite.", "I have seen it! My son loves it we watch after taking out the recycling.", "Sweet. My mom used to own a tiny coffee shop, I miss that place.", "I hope it was fair trade coffee.", "Wouldn't have served anything else! Only the best.", "That's a relief to hear.", "What kind of car do you drive? I don't even have one yet.", "I don't have one either, we bike or also have a double bicycle.", "It's a lot better for the environment that way."], ["My son and I saw some new graffiti on the subway!", "Oh yeah?  Maybe it was some of mine.  At which stop did you see it?", "It was by the Lombardi.  I picture of a giant flower with a bee on it.  Do you know it?", "Oh, yes, I do know it!  It is not my work, but I have met that artist.  I have been trying to figure out a new design I can use to advertise my mom's shop while still keeping it artistic and fun.", "That would be so original. Unfortunately I don't have any of that artistic side in me. But I will let you know if I think of something.  Does your moms coffee shop serve breakfast too?", "It does! Mostly pastries and sandwiches, I don't think they have a stove or anything.  Maybe I could make a stylized cheese danish graffiti design for the shop.  What do you think?", "That's a great idea but I would make coffee a primary focus since that's your mom's main item. Maybe something organic like coffee leaves.", "Oh, yeah! Or maybe a coffee plant that looks like it is growing up the side of the shop!  I wonder if she would let me use up that much of her shop front?  Do you think murals attract more customers to shops?", "I think so but it also depends on an area. If it is downtown or by the beach, it will definitely look cool.  Where is her shop located?", "It's not right in the middle of downtown, but it is a short walk away.  It does get a lot of foot traffic going by, so there are lots of potential customers, I just need a design to draw them in!", "I am sure you will come up with something. You should take a bike ride with me by the beach.  I always find ocean really peaceful and inspirational, especially during sunrise.", "That sounds amazing.  I find that exercise does help my brain get cooking.  Will you bring your tandem bike or shall we ride seperately?"], ["Have you settled on the design for your mom's coffee shop mural yet?", "I have narrowed it down to two designs. I will send you copies. I would love your thoughts!", "Absolutely, How long has your mom owned her coffee shop for?", "She has had it for about two months. It is doing really well!", "Cool, well best of luck to her, I hope it is fruitful. It's really nice that you are going to help her promote it.", "It isn't far from the beach. Swing by on your next bike ride and give it a try!", "I would love to. I love a great cup of coffee, it sounds like her stuff serves some really high quality stuff.", "Only the finest beans. All locally sourced. It's priced reasonably too.", "Does she grind the beans for every cup? Coffee always tastes best when the beans are freshly ground. Makes a ton of difference in my opinion.", "You know it! That is the secret trick. In addition to every cup being made with love :)", "I bet she will run the bigger chains out of business. When people find a great cup of coffee they stick with it. The other places don't stand a chance!", "The chains are tough to compete with. They have such a hold on the market."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I invent coffee, and love hiking and camping.", "I love animals.", "I hike. I like camping.", "I have a robot vacuum.", "I have a long haired cat."], "partner_persona": ["I went skydiving.", "I drink coffee at Barnes and Noble.", "I have a pet lizard.", "I walk to work.", "I have a gecko. I did not take my gecko skydiving. This was my first time skydiving, and I was scared. I went skydiving in Napa Valley.", "I don't have any tattoos.", "I like camping. I haven't gone camping in awhile.", "I don't like crowds of people.", "My house is dirty. I don't like to cook."], "current_conv": ["You won't believe it, but my cat actually broke my robot vacuum. I'm so annoyed!", "That is annoying, but kind of funny at the same time.  If you recorded a video of it, maybe it could have gone viral.  Cat versus vacuum.  I'm not sure how my gecko would feel about the robot vacuum.", "The gecko could just ride along on the vaccum honestly.  At least it wouldn't destroy it.", "That is a funny visual, seeing a gecko riding on the vacuum.  How exactly did the cat destroy it?  Did it fight the robot vacuum>?", "I'm not sure.  I came home and the vacuum was tilted against the wall destroyed.  It has cat scratches all over it so I'm assuming the cat did it.", "Oh no, sure sounds like a cat fight to me.  I wonder if that can be covered under any kind of warranty?  What do you do with your cat when you go camping?  Have you ever taken your cat camping with you?  ", "I'm not sure \"cat attacks\" are included in my warranty.  I usually hire a sitter.  There's a nice boy that lives down the street that takes care of my cat for me while I'm gone.", "That is nice to have someone close by to help look out.  Do you have a regular vacuum that you can use now?  Are you going to have to get a new one?  Are you going to get another robot vacuum?", "I want to get another robot vacuum.  It's nice because it cleans while I'm at work so I have more time to relax when I get home.", "That is really nice, does it do a good job cleaning up pet hair?  Also, it might happen again,  how will you make sure the cat doesn't mess it up again?>", "I'll have to put the cat away in a part of the house that the vacuum isn't in.  It does do a pretty good job of picking up pet hair.  It leaves some clumps behind but it gets most of them.", "I wonder how your cat would do with my gecko?  Do you think they would get along?"], "history_conv": [["Hello there.", "Hey! I just went skydiving! How's you?", "Prefer to invent ways to brew coffee, but hiking and camping.", "Sounds cool. I get coffee a lot at barnes and noble.", "Do you read books about animals? I love animals.", "Oh yes! I have a lizard and love learning new things to do with them.", "I see lizards a lot while hiking in the woods.", "I see a lot walking to work.", "What would you think about a method of brewing cofee that uses cold water?", "Yum! I'll have to talk about it when I go to work.", "Im trying to figure out how to brew in zero gravity.", "Maybe I can try it when I go skydiving tomorrow.", "Ever skydived with dogs? I hear its pretty exhilarating.", "I'll have to try it with my lizard."], ["How was skydiving? Were you able to take your lizard?", "No, why would I take my lizard skydiving? He's a gecko and he climbs things.", "I think I just liked the idea of you jumping out a plane with your gecko, something you both could share!", "I have heard of people doing that with a dog, like military paratroopers, but this was the first time I have been skydiving, so I was scared enough already.", "I'm glad you're okay, but I have to know...how was it? Was it freeing, were you afraid the whole time, was it the best experience of your life? I have to know", "LOL, I was so scared I could hardly get out the plane, but once the parachute opened it was kind of fun, seeing the whole Napa Valley underneath me, and then when I was about to land I was scared again of landing badly.", "You are so much braver than me, I don't think I could do that. I hear its like getting a tattoo. Once you do it, you want to do it again and again", "Don't have any tattoos myself, so don't know about that part.  I'm not too sure I want to do it again, it's a lot of trouble and expense for a few minutes thrill.", "Oh I get that, but you can say you did that for the rest of your life! That's incredible. Maybe if you go again you can bring your gecko with you lol", "Oh yeah, I have bragging rights, that's enough for now. But I don't think the gecko would enjoy it.", "True, that might actually be animal cruelty so I apologize for continuing to bring that up. See camping is where its at because you're on the ground.", "Yes, camping is fun, even the gecko might enjoy that if there were trees. Climbing a redwood would be a challenge for him."], ["I'm going camping this weekend. Want to come?", "This weekend is not so good, but I am keen to go. Haven't been in a while. Where do you like to go?", "There's a somewhat secluded spot I go to. Very private and has beautiful creeks and a waterfall just a short hike away. I'm so pumped.", "Getting away from crowds is refreshing. I get sick of people getting drunk, littering, blasting their music...They could party in the city, but they want to bother the animals. I don't get it.", "Some people are just selfish and inconsiderate unfortunately.  What are your plans for the weekend then?", "Probably take care of things around the home. I've let things slide for a while. Plus I got company coming over, so I need to scrape off the top two layers of filth on the walls and surfaces.", "I hear you.  I definitely need to do some cleaning myself later.  If you don't already have a robot vacuum I highly recommend it. I wish I had done it sooner.", "I always thought those things were overkill, or it you had like two dogs, a cat and six kids and needed constant cleaning.", "I have a long haired cat that sheds like crazy. But honestly it removes a chore off your plate and you'll have more time to enjoy camping.", "Is there a robot that could cook? That would save me lots of time and headache. LOL", "Wow I actually saw an ad for a cooking robot. It was a machine you set up next to a stove and it adds ingredients and stirs the pan. I'm sure in the near future it will be more common.lol", "Great. I won't have to budge an inch. All my needs will be taken care of. I'll balloon up to 500 pounds, and a robot will do my exercise for me."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have just graduated. I have a masters degree in Womens studies. I work as a bartender.", "My mom works at fedex. My friend got sacked from fedex.", "I live on a houseboat.", "I just started my job as associate director of a human rights organization. I'm interested in women's issues.", "I served in the Peace Corps and helped out after national disasters.", "I want to volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "I like Korean BBQ. I like all kinds of food. My favorite food is Peruvian.I like meat, corn and potatoes. I love side dishes. I don't enjoy eating llama. I love Korean radishes."], "partner_persona": ["I am looking to apply to college. I want to major in global studies in college. I want to help others by building housing for them.", "I have a couple of dogs.", "I want to join the Peace Corps before getting my master's.", "I want to volunteer at a soup kitchen.", "I love Korean food. I am not a picky eater. I have never had Korean BBQ. I know nothing about Peruvian food. I am new to Korean food. I love Korean radishes. I like side dishes.", "I like blending Mexican and Italian food. I could not eat llama. I don't like eating animals I like."], "current_conv": ["I found a Peruvian restaurant in town that we can have lunch at. ", "Okay, let's do it! There is a first time for everything. After we are done, you just have to show me this houseboat of yours!", "It is my pride and joy that floating home, not too strange after being in the Peace Corps!", "Yeah, I assume you're right. After being in the Peace Corps not too many things seem all that strange. I mostly want to see how the houseboat is built as I have no idea the type of construction that goes into it.", "I have no idea either since I didn't build it. I mostly live at the bar right now. I am sure you would be great in the PC once you graduate.", "I hope so. I am ready to give back and help others who haven't had the same advantages as us. Plus, it will give me more experience in building housing for people. Do you have any suggestions as to what I should expect during my time in the PC?", "You should bring your dogs with you, and meet tons and tons of people! Be prepared to change your entire lifestyle, and outlook on life, for the better.", "That is the plan! Meeting different people will definitely be one of the benefits. Why do you suggest bringing my dogs with me?", "Why would they want to miss out on that type of travel and meeting other dogs? They can smell a thousand new smells each day, and get out of that small yard they are stuck in.", "All good points! I was mainly worried about leaving him along in a new place, but I'm sure he would enjoy the change of scenery just as much as me. You will have to tell me more about your experience during our lunch at the Peruvian place.", "That is true, I can't wait, I will see you soon. Maybe we can go for Korean next time!", "Sure thing! You keep making me trying new foods and getting me out of my comfort zone. I guess I should get used to that if I'm going into the PC."], "history_conv": [["How do you do?", "Hello, I am doing good, looking at colleges to apply to.", "I just graduated! Got my masters in something that will never make me any money.", "Oh no, what is that?", "Womens studies. Now ill be a bartender for life because I chose a worthless study.", "At least bartending pays well, right?", "Better than fedex, my mom works there.", "Yes, that can be a dangerous job too.", "Her friend craig got fired on his day off for stealing boxes. His day off!", "That is awful, my dogs bark at the fedex guy.", "Was he stealing boxes or delivering them? Might be a good thing.", "Delivering, I always know when he is near.", "See, I have issues with amazon delivering to my houseboat.", "A houseboat sounds fun, does it have an address?"], ["I found a job that my masters is useful for!", "Really?! What kind of job is it?", "Associate director of a human rights organization. I'll be helping so many people and I am so happy!", "That sounds amazing! I bet you're looking forward to that. I'm interested in looking into a major like Global Studies for college. What colleges do you think I should apply to?", "It'll be sooo much better than just helping people get drunk. I'm thinking Dartmouth College and Bowdoin College. I'm sure you'd be able to get in!", "Thanks! I've actually been looking into Dartmouth a bit. I'd love to go into a field like you... I really look up to you! I think Global Studies might be good so I can work in human poverty. What human rights areas are you interested in?", "That's so sweet. It's mostly women's issues for me but I'm always open to considering how I could help other people in need.", "I love that. I think I want to look into habitat building for people in need. I'm thinking about volunteering for Habitats for Humanity this summer, but I'll have to find someone to take care of the doggies", "Those dogs are going to miss you but that would be extremely rewarding work. It would look good on your resume too.", "I think so too! Have you ever done a volunteering trip like that?", "Plenty! I actually served in the Peace Corps and took part in all sorts of projects helping people affected by natural disasters. The more action you have on your resume the better for landing a great job after college.", "Wow! I'm really interested in the Peace Corps. I think I might take a gap year after college before applying to Masters programs to go. Is that what you did?"], ["I just found a soup kitchen we can volunteer at this weekend if you're interested.", "that's awesome! do I need to complete training?", "no training, just show up and help! it is really easy and people will be so grateful for your help. wnt to get lunch after? what is your favorite spot to eat?", "that's so cool! sure, i'd be happy to do lunch. I love korean food, but i'll try anything. do you have a favorite cuisine>", "korean bbq would be great. i know a really good spot where you can cook your own food at the table. have you tried that before? really i like pretty much all kinds of food", "I haven't, but that sounds really fun! I bet you've tried all types of cuisine having traveled for peace corps. what's your favorite?", "i would say teh food in peru is some of the best. but i have not found a good local restaurant that serves peruvian food. maybe i can try to look that up! would you say korean is your favorite?", "Oooh, tell me more about peruvian food! I've never had it. And I don't know if I'd say it's my favorite -- I only recently discovered it, but want to try more things on the menu!", "peruvian food is a lot of meat, corn, and potatoes. pretty basic but made in so many good ways! i recommend you try \"lomo saltado\" if you want to try one of the most popular dishes.  but yes korean has so many options, i love all the side dishes", "that sounds really tasty. what types of seasoning does peruvian use? And yes the side dishes have been so fun! I love the radishes the best", "i would say oregano and garlic. maybe some cumin and paprika. it's more about the meat. they even eat llama down there, but that isn't one of my favorites. i love the korean radishes too! and the bean sprouts", "Oh that's really interesting! Like Mexican and Italian but blended together. Eeeek I don't think I could eat llama! I try to be open minded but I struggle with eating animals I otherwise like alive lol"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am outgoing and enjoy meeting new people.", "I am employed part time. I enjoy films.", "I work part-time in a warehouse.", "I enjoy traveling.", "Pizza and burgers are two of my favorite foods.", "I enjoy music. Punk is my favorite type of music.", "I want to go to Coachella with friends. I have never been to a music festival. I wear sunscreen."], "partner_persona": ["I am the child of a farmer from California.", "I recently relocated for work. I just moved.", "Traveling is my favorite thing to do.", "I like pizza and avocados. My father grew avacados on our farm.", "I love punk music. The Ramones are my favorite band. I enjoy going to music festivals, and punk rock music.", "I live in the Napa Valley. Napa Valley has terrific pizza and some small festivals. I want to go to Coachella next year. My parents have an avocado orchard.", "I have a new job. I am enjoying my new job. My coworkers enjoy pizza. My job demands a lot of work.", "I go to music festivals often. I have never been to Coachella. I usually go to smaller music festivals rather than larger. I go to music festivals many times a year. I wear sunscreen."], "current_conv": ["Doesn't look like they're having a lot of punk acts at Coachella which is too bad, still planning to have a good time though!", "Im sure there will be a few bands you will enjoy. It is Coachella after all.  ", "I hope so, and I hope that it's not just a bunch of snobby rich people. That's definitely not my scene, but I am looking forward to going.", "There will 100% be snobby rich but you will find more of your crowd im sure of it. ", "Well, at least the people watching with you will be fun. lol! Do you know if they usually have good food there?", "Oh I got you covered on the food front. The food there is like 40$ for a piece of toast with cheese and one slice of tomato LOL. We are going to have alot of fun ", "Perfect! I intentionally didn't check yet who is playing there. I want it to be a total surprise and just live in the moment. Did you have any trouble getting off of work? ", "Not at all. I told them before they hired me that I needed this week off.  Yup. I cheated and took a peek at whos playing though. YOU ARE GONNA LOVE IT!!", "Good. It sounds like we're all set then. Is there anything you need me to bring?", "SUNSCREEN!! Like barrels of it HAHAH! Just few basics. I will text you the list.", "Thanks, I would appreciate that. And yes, sunscreen is vital for those of us who are 90% Irish. We just burn and freckle. Lather. Rinse. Repeat. LOL!", "Yes I know how you burn.  Remember the pizza weekend at the beach last summer. Lobster boy HAHA JK JK"], "history_conv": [["Hi! I love meeting new people. Tell me something about yourself!", "Hi! I'm originally from southern california where my dad was a farmer, how about you?", "I work, but only part time. I really like to watch movies!", "Yeah, good full time jobs are hard to find. What kind of work do you?", "I actually work in a warehouse. Nothing super fun, but it pays the bills.", "I just moved here for my job. Where are you from?", "I'm not sure where I'm from. I really like to cruise to see new places.", "Me too! Travel is my favorite thing.", "Awesome! Any favorite foods? A few of mine are pizza and burgers. Yum!", "I love pizza too! And avocados. That's what we grew on the farm.", "Wow, that's really cool! What music do you like? For me, punk is the best.", "I once drove 1000 miles to see the ramones. They're my favorite!"], ["How's the new job going? Got any plans to travel anytime soon, maybe to visit the family farm?", "Oh, it's a good thing I moved, and I am looking forward to having time to travel. I want to go to some music festivals, I love punk rock.", "Where did you end up moving to? A place that has music festivals and good pizza?", "The Napa Valley, so yes, I guess you could say to both.  Terrific pizza and some small festivals. But I really want to go to Coachella next year, I can easily combine that with a trip to see my parents and their avocado orchard.", "Oh that sounds like a good plan. Say someone wanted to join you on this trip to Coachella and get some pizza...how would that happen?", "Hey, the more the merrier, just pm me for the details, if a group of us go we can rent a van, and stop at all the pizza parlors along the way. Comparative taste testing.", "Omg that sounds incredible. Okay now we have to do this. I got a few friends I can ask, but I'll make sure you're okay with them first. Do you have any people you'd want to bring along?", "Yes, I think I'll be bringing along a couple of people I've met at my new job. It would be a real team bonding experience.", "Wow, they must have made a really good first impression on you to want to go with them on a roadtrip!", "Yes, I'm really enjoying this new job, it was worth the move, and considering the way we go through the company pizzas, I know they are up for that also.", "Company pizzas, are they hiring? haha. Don't tell me they get you some high end pizzas over there!", "You better believe it, they feed us well around here, but they also demand a lot of work.  What about your job, do you get lunch and coffee thrown in??"], ["I found a couple of friends that would like to go on the trip to Coachella.", "Awesome. Have they been before?  I've been to a lot of festivals but never Coachella.", "They have! It's me who would be going for the first time. I've never been to a festival. What're they like?", "Chaotic but super fun.  Everyone is there for the same reason as you so it's like hanging out with an infinitely large group of close friends. Just gotta hope the weather is good.", "yeah I can imagine. what do people do if it rains?", "They go anyway and make the best of it. One year they made a huge muddy slip and slide. Gotta make lemonade out of life's lemons.lol", "sounds like a party! are there multiple show stages or just one?", "Yeah, you just wander around and find one you're interested in and hang out and make new friends.", "that's pretty cool. are there like, showers or places to charge phones or anything? (sorry for so many questions, just trying to wrap my mind around the experience lol)", "I've never been to Coachella but at the smaller festivals there are so I'm sure Coachella would be the same or probably even better.  It's definitely something to experience once in your life.", "It sounds really fun. I'll just have to be sure to wear sunscreen! Have you been to lots of festivals?", "Yeah, I try to go a few times a year.  And definitely bring sunscreen and do not let yourself get dehydrated and end up in the Red Cross tent."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live near a beach.  I like to take walks.", "I like cats. I don't have any cats.  I like to ride a mountain bike.", "I am a Senior in High School.", "I am moving in a week.", "I speak Spanish. I am moving to the Spanish District.", "I hope there are a lot of zoos and parks in my new district. There is a zoo close to where I live."], "partner_persona": ["I have a female cat.  My female cat just gave birth to 1 kitten. I have two cats. One cat is named Baby. One kitten is named Boo Boo.", "I live in the city.  I do not like the country.  I grew up in Tallahassee.", "I am finished with school.", "I just cut and dyed my hair.", "I like going to the zoo.", "My favorite iced tea is Lipton.", "My summer plans are working and taking a trip to a city with a big zoo.", "I recently dyed my hair. I cut my hair shorter recently. My hair is colored pink. My hair is not permanently dyed.", "I am free every weekend for the next couple of months."], "current_conv": ["Let's plan a time to go to the zoo since you are free for the next few weeks.", "Sounds like a great plan! Let's visit the zoo after you get all settled into your new place. How long can you stay at the zoo? Will it be an all day trip? I sure hope so.", "I can probably stay at the zoo the whole day.  How do you want to get there?  We could take the bus or I could see in one of my parents could take us.", "Let's take the bus! I do not want your parents to have to drive all that way, and then we won't feel rushed either. I am really looking forward to seeing the baby lions that were just born. Which exhibit do you want to see?", "I want to see the big cats - the lions and tigers.  How about you?", "I definitely want to see the big cats too, that will have to be our very first stop. I think the zoo has recently released a new amphibian and reptile exhibit which will be  nice to check out. ", "Those aren't my favorite animals, but that's okay.  At least I'm not afraid of snakes like some people.", "Oh okay, we can skip it if you will feel scared. I know that there is another zoo in the next city over. Maybe we could visit that sometime over the summer as well? I have every weekend off this summe.", "That sounds like a plan.  I'll have to see which weekends work for me.", "Okay, I hope that you will be able to visit the additional zoo with me. Zoo's and animals have been a big bonding point within our relationship. We could even get annual passes to the zoo and then visit as many times a year as we would like. Is that something that you may be interested in?", "Maybe, I'll have to see if I can afford it.  Hopefully, I will find a part time job for the summer.", "I hope that you are able to find a part time job. It should be easy since there are so many places hiring right now."], "history_conv": [["Hi! It's to rainy for a walk on the beach today, which I love. What are you into?", "Hi! My cat just had a kitten. It's adorable.", "I love cats! I'd love to see a big on on a mountain hike!", "Yikes! I'm a city girl. Grew up in tallahassee.", "Haha! I read about cats in school. You go to school?", "I'm done with school. What abut you?", "I'm a senior. This is my last year of high school! Yippy!", "Congrats! I just got a new cut and color from my stylist.", "Nice! I wish it was me, but I'm moving into a spanish community next week.", "Sorry it took so long. I fixed an iced tea, my fav. Drink.", "It's ok. What else are you into?", "Well, I love the zoo. I think it is fascinating.", "I like listening to spanish people when they don't know I understand their language..", "That's too funny! Can't imagine their reactions when they find out the truth."], ["I am all packed and ready to start moving to the Spanish District!  It took a long time to organize my stuff", "I bet! If it were me I probably would have spent half the time I was packing looking at my cats!", "Well, what better way to pass the time? I just wish this process could be a little faster!", "I'd be happy to help you unpack at your new place. Just promise me a nice, cold iced tea and I'll be good to go.", "Oh, that sounds wonderful! What's your favorite kind of iced tea? I never did like the flavors, but I know many do. :)", "Lipton! Can't beat a classic.", "You're right about that, and thanks so much for offering to help me unpack. I'll definitely have some yummy tea ready!", "Sweet! Literally. I think this move is going to be a great move for you. Haha get it?", "Oh, that's was awesome! So, besides helping me and my moving mess, what are your summer plans?", "Sadly, mainly working. I'm hoping to take a trip to some city with a massive zoo once my finances are in order though.", "Oh, that would be so good for you! I hope to see lots of fun zoos and parks in my new district. When you are able, would you like to come visit with me and we can tour all the zoos and parks we can fit in a trip?", "I would love that. It sounds a wonderful adventure with you."], ["What are your cats names?", "Her name is Baby. I named her kitten Boo Boo. Do you have any cats?", "Super cute! I don\u2019t have any yet but I\u2019d love to... Maybe in a few years!", "Sure you don't want one sooner? lol  You'll have to let me know if you have a zoo where you move. It would be a lot of fun to come visit and go to the zoo!", "Actually there is a huge zoo just a few miles from my place. We should definitely plan on a visit soon- a weekend that works for both of us will be purrrfect!", "Ha Ha. I'm free every weekend for the next couple of months. Just let me know when you want me to come. I've got to send you a picture of my new hair color.", "How about next Saturday? I\u2019ll have the iced tea ready ;) What color did you dye your hair?!", "I look forward to it! Well, not only did I go shorter, I was very bold and went Pink! Can you believe it? Pink!", "Omg... lol... can\u2019t wait to see the pic! Pink!! Really?! You are bold... gotta give you that!", "Thank goodness it washes out lol. I'm not bold enough for the permanent stuff.", "Enjoy it while it lasts... I bet you\u2019ll be ready for another funky color before this one has faded out! By the way you\u2019re most welcome to bring Baby and Boo Boo with you next Saturday.", "I'm thinking about blue for the next time. Thanks. You'll enjoy Boo Boo, he's a mess!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have not been to a dentist in awhile.  I am now a vegan.", "I do not love animals.  I enjoy going to the gym.", "I am married.  Me and my husband do not live in the same room.  My husband is a lawyer. He just took on a very high profile case. My husband is working on a case involving a very rich guy accused of killing his maid. This case is my husbands first big case.", "I live in Nevada.  I just purchased my own Jeep Wrangler.", "My saved money goes towards my gym membership.", "I have a house outside of Las Vegas. I am starting to get a toothache.", "I like to drive to Tahoe.", "I love weight lifting."], "partner_persona": ["I am a dentist. I've had a patient who had to have 7 teeth removed because she waited too long to go to the dentist.", "I have a twin sister.", "Me and my wife do not live in the same room.", "I live in the midwest.", "I do not have a car.  I save my money for gold. I collect gold. I want to buy a new car.", "I like to walk."], "current_conv": ["What kind of car do you want to buy?", "I have always wanted a Jeep, they seem like so much fun to drive, and there are so many things you can do to customize them.  ", "Nice! I love my Jeep.  What kinds of customizations would you want to make?", "I'm not exactly sure,  I have always liked the idea of lifting it up a little bit with some nice tires.  I also like the idea of dropping the top and taking of the doors to feel the breeze when you drive it.  Does your Jeep have a hard or soft top?", "Mine has a hard top.  I like to be protected from damage in case of an accident.", "That is smart thinking.  Do you ever take off the top or doors?  Do you have any other customizations on your Jeep?  Do you use it to tow or haul anything?", "I keep the tops and doors on because they make me feel safer.  I'm trying to decide whether or not I want to make any customizations.  I've never had to tow anything before and I'm hoping I don't have to.  I'm scared to break something.", "That makes sense.  What color is your Jeep?  Also, what kind of vehicle does your husband drive?", "My jeep is red.  My husband drives a toyota corolla.  He values reliability a lot in his cars.", "I also value reliability.  Toyota's are good cars,  I have also been thinking about getting a Toyota.  They seem very practical.", "They're really good if you take care of them.  It seems like they can last forever.", "There are a lot of them on the road. I heard that you have to pay more for insurance on red vehicles, is that true with your Jeep?"], "history_conv": [["Hello! What do you do for a living?", "I'm fine... I am a dentist.", "Interesting! I haven't seen one in awhile since I'm now a vegan.", "Dont you love animals at all.", "No, not as much as going to the gym.", "Lol you are just like my twin sister.", "Wow neat! Are you married?", "Yes but me and my wife are not living in the same room.", "Ironically neither are me and my husband. He is an lawyer with long hours.", "Very good I live in the mid west you?", "I live in nevada. Just purchased my own jeep wrangler for these rocky hills.", "I dont have a car I save my money for gold.", "All of my saved money goes into my gym membership as I love going there.", "Good do you have a twin?"], ["My husband took on a very high profile case.  I am excited because it will be good for his business, but I am also nervous because of the media attention that will come with it.", "Oh, that is both exciting and worrisome! What kind of case is it?", "I am not really suppose to discus it but a very rich guy is accused of killing his maid", "Oh fascinating (and sad of course)! I want to be rich enough to have a maid, but I would let him or her live. Do you think he did it?", "That is all can say about the case. I am not allowed to say anymore, sorry.", "It is ok. Your husband is lucky to have a partner like you. Has he ever taken on a high-profile case before? I bet the media in Nevada eats that stuff up!'", "This is his first big case. The Nevada is eating this up because the rich guy owns a few casinos and hotels in Las Vegas.", "I bet so. I hope they don't follow you around town! I imagine it would be hard to work out with cameras all around you!", "We have a house outside of Las Vegas so it is not so bad here. Oh by the way what causes a sensitive front bottom tooth? I am starting to get a toothache.", "Surely you know that being vegan does not mean you won't have dental issues! It could be a number of things. Sounds like your nerve might be exposed. I would get to a dentist right away!", "That is what it feels like. The top part of the tooth there is no pain but close to the gum line when I touch it i feel pain", "Definitely time to see a dentist. I had a patient who had to have 7 teeth removed because she waited too long to go to the dentist and the cavity she had just took over! It was gross even for me and my hygienist.  Does it hurt to drink cold or hot beverages?"], ["I have a dentist appointment scheduled for tomorrow to get my toothache checked out.", "I am glad to hear that! It is always get it check out before it is too late. Any updates on your husband's case?", "I could cancel and you could look at my teeth. I can't talk about his case sorry, it's confidential.", "I hear you and I totally understand, it is just to excited. My bad sorry.. Yeah I can squeeze you in tomorrow after lunch time. Does that work for you?", "Sounds great! You got any cleaning appointments available either? I don't want to loose any teeth to decay", "Let me check on that aching tooth tomorrow first. If it needs a filling or not.. If not I can do a quick cleaning session. Other vise we might need to schedule another appointment for the cleaning. Does it sound alright for you?", "All sounds good. I bed the gold you've saved up could be used for teeth caps.", "Hahaha never thought of that before. I collect gold as an investement not a bling. Although I am thinking to start saving for a car. Are you happy with your Jeep Wrangler?", "It's alright it's nice to drive to Tahoe in it, but it's a guzzler. I should probably cancel my gym membership.", "To be honest I canceled my ages ago. I wasn't using it anyway, instead we are walking with my twin sister every week. I think walking is the best sport activity.", "Yeah hiking is pretty popular in the northern parts of nevada. I love weight lifting though I can't just walk or I get bored. Maybe I should make a at home gym.", "I used to have an at home gym, I didnt use it at all. It was just siting there.. I sold it online. I got bored walking alone too. That's why I like to walk with my sister, to have a company and to catch up.. Maybe you should get a work out buddy too?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I don't really like cars. I bought a new SUV.", "I think getting out there would be a good idea. I have friends that met on online dating sites.", "I am concerned there will be a catfish.", "I travel long distances by car often.", "I am not rich."], "partner_persona": ["I recently got a divorce with my wife.", "I like scuba diving and snakes.", "I am a US Marine veteran.", "I am single but thinking about going on dates to find someone new. I am thinking about joining online dating sites. I am looking for the love of my life. I am looking for a women.", "I am aware some people are not who they say they are.", "I am old enough to drive. I own my own car."], "current_conv": ["Is your car an SUV, sedan or truck? ", "My car is a Dodge van.   Do you like your new SUV?", "I really do! It has every option I wanted and it's such a nice ride! What year is your Dodge van?", "It is an older van-2010.   You mentioned that you travel a lot.   Where have you been lately? If I may ask?", "I just came back from a trip to the coast. I haven't been to the beach in so long, I decided to break in the new SUV. ", "Ahhh that sounds so refreshing.   Did you have any stories from going to the beach?  ", "I went scuba diving while there. I haven't done much of that, so it was a new experience for me. Since you like scuba diving, where are some of the best places you've been diving?", "Oh my!  If you want the best scuba diving places, you have got to try Thistlegorm in the  Egyptian Red Sea.", "That sounds like an awesome trip! Were you there as a Marine or was it a vacation trip?", "I was there as a marine, but was never able to go diving.  I had to stay in the boat.  But I did go back for a vacation trip.   ", "Oh wow! What did you see while diving?", "You won't believe it, but there are tanks, aircraft, armoured vehicles, Jeeps and Bedford trucks down there.   It is so awesome to explore and take pictures.   "], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you.", "Howdy hows your day going?", "My day is going well and you?", "Its going ok just trying to get by.", "Oh sounds like you need a pick me up.", "Well my wife and I recently got divorced and im lost as to what to do.", "Oh I'm sorry to hear about that.", "Yea im just going day by day trying to figure things out. Anything going on with you?", "Well I'm planning on buying a new care.", "Thats nice you like cars?", "Not really just need them to get around.", "Yea im the same way im into scuba diving and snakes more.", "Wow sounds like a great hobby.", "Yea you probably wouldnt have guessed it but im a us marine vet."], ["I ended up buying a new car, I went with an SUV.", "I bet you hated parting with all that money buying something you don't really like?", "Yeah I did but I suppose I need one to get around so didn't have much choice but to get one. How's the single life treating you?", "Yeah things are ok thinking about getting back on the dating scene and trying to find someone new in my life.", "Yeah now that your divorced maybe it's time to make that step and move on and try and find happiness with someone else.", "I think thats what I need at least to have get out there and start searching. I was thinking about joining an online dating site.", "Sounds like a good idea to me a lot of people find love that way these days. I have friends that met through online dating.", "Yeah, I think I will give it a try then and see who comes a long, maybe I will meet the love of my life lol.", "You never know you might just find them, you got to start somewhere right?", "Yeah, at least online I have don't have to go far to connect with lots off women and I may just find the one amongst them all.", "Your right it makes it so much easier to meet people these days but you got to be careful of the catfish out there as well.", "Yeah so many people hide who they really are you can never be 100% sure."], ["I found out my new SUV has cruise control which my other car did not.", "That's great, cruise control is really helpful, especially when you are on the highway for a while.", "Great point. I do a lot of highway driving too.", "Did you know some cars have adaptive cruise control now? They use radar to see cars ahead, and can speed up and slow down with traffic.", "No way! Wow! Technology is really doing amazing things these days.", "Yeah, I'm really curious as to what they do next with vehicle technology. I think self driving cars are pretty much the only thing left to do!", "I would kill for one of those once they are out and affordable.", "Yeah me to. Teslas are almost full self driving, but they are super expensive, definitely not affordable for the average person.", "Right. They are WAY out of my budget!", "Yeah, plus the quality just isn't there. They tend to have so many little defects that just don't happen with other auto makers, but I guess that's what happens with you are pretty new at making cars.", "What are you driving these days? How did you and your ex split up the cars?", "We each had our own car. When we were married we shared finances, so I guess we both sort of helped with buying them for eachother. We decided it would be simplier if we each kept our own."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I work on computers.", "Annie is my favorite character. I'm just starting to play League of Legends. I use to play Teamfight Tactics alot.", "I have built my own gaming PC but don't have much time.", "I am competitive.", "I like to run. I like baking and cooking."], "partner_persona": ["I have a gaming laptop. I play League of Legends with friends. My favorite character is Alistar. I have never played Teamfight Tactics.", "I get mad playing. I'm competitive.", "I am still working on getting my gaming set up.", "I like to run. I like to skateboard. I like to bake pastries."], "current_conv": ["I'm looking forward to baking your recipe.", "Which recipe in particular are you interested in? The cookies or the brownies?", "Honestly both, your baking is incredible but I would defiantly like to try the brownies first. ", "They are my favorite. I will send you the recipe once we're done talking. I suggest adding some walnut to the ingredients, but you don't have to if you don't like them or are allegeric.", "They are the best. I will make two batches one with the walnuts and one without, I\u2019m looking forward to seeing which ones I prefer. Thank you for allowing me to use your recipes. ", "Anytime. I like to share the love. Speaking of sharing the love, would you mind helping me get my gaming computer set up?", "Oh yeah of course, I would love to help you. Let me know which day works best for you and I will come over and set it up for you.  ", "I work the next three days, but will have two days off after that. Does that work for you? Once we get it set up, we might want to consider playing a little League of Legends!", "Yeah that will work out great. And yes we absolutely need to play. Hopefully you will be able to give me some pointers as I still getting used to playing it and you play so well at that game. ", "Happy to do so, but as you know, I can get a little competitive... I will try to keep the swearing down, but no promises! ", "No your good I can get competitive too when i am good at the game, so I completely understand haha. ", "I don't know why, but I just start seeing red when I lose. It is a problem and I am working on it, but I have always been this way. I am seeing an anger management specialist and she is helping, but I still have a long way to go."], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you.", "Hello nice to meet you..", "How are you doing today.", "I am great! Finally able to enjoy this gaming laptop I purchased last month..", "Oh awesome I work on computers.", "How are you doing today? That is awesome how do you like it?", "It is just okay not as fun as playing games.", "I totally agree lol being a gamer is awesome.", "What games do you like to play.", "League of legends is my favorite game to play I enjoy playing with friends.", "Oh cool what is your favorite character.", "My favorite character is alistar. What exactly do you do with computers?"], ["Would you like to play League of Legends together sometime?", "Yeah that'd be so fun. Who's your favorite character?", "Annie is one of my favorites, I'm just getting into League though, I used to play Teamfight Tactics quite a bit actually", "Nice! Never played that, maybe you can teach me. Do you play on the same computers you work on?", "Actually yeah, I built my own gaming PC, the ironic thing is I barely have time to use it. Can't complain about getting work though! Do you have a full team of friends for League?", "Most of the time. It depends who of my group of friends is available.", "Ah ok, well if you ever have a spot and you are playing casual let me know. Do you get really mad playing sometimes?", "I hate to admit it but yes! I can't help but get invested in the game haha- I'm quite competitive. What about yourself?", "I can definitely get competitive for sure, especially if I feel like I am good at the game. Maybe I should practice a bit before playing with you guys!", "We have different levels of experience in the group, but we are definitely fun to play with, would love to have you join us! It sure helps to have a nice gaming setup to play with a group, I'm still working on my set up.", "Oh nice, if you give me a price range maybe I can help you pick up some good stuff at a good price for your setup. I know some people lol", "Great thanks so much! Did you ever have your main gaming platform be a laptop or you've always been on a desktop?"], ["I found a great gaming set up for you at a reasonable price if you would like to take a look!", "Oh, do tell! What are the specs like?", "top of the line. i'll send you the info and you can verify. I think we will have to share some gaming tactics with each othe", "Excellent. I'd be happy to share. We can play duos on League of Legends together. I'm not that great though. I'm only in Silver IV.", "that sounds good! we can teach other to be less competitive and just have fun. there is value in that for sure. what activities do you enjoy outiside of gaming?", "Excellent. I enjoy running and skateboarding. Baking too, I guess. What about yourself?", "i also enjoy running. I like baking and cooking as well too, although i'm often too busy to do it. I have never skateboarded before! do you go to skate parks? waht is your favorite thing to bake?", "I do go to skate parks! Sometimes I also go to empty parking lots and places with stairs and handrails and whatnot. I like baking pastries, like croissants and eclairs.", "ah yes, I do recall seeing people skate sometimes in empty parking lots. that's a good idea! wow croissants and eclairs sounds really fancy! you will have to share your favorite recipes. I enjoy baking cookies and brownies. well and eating the batter and dough", "Oh, those sound great. I also like eating raw batter, haha. And yeah, I'd be happy to share my recipies with you! I'll send them over as an email attachment.", "thank you! I have a friend who is a master at making macarons. I don't know how she does it, it seems so hard. it takes so much patience to be a really good baker. but I think it's also a good hobby to destress. and also tastes great!", "Macarons are definitely very had to make. It's difficult to get them to come out light and airy."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I'm getting ready to leave on a cruise. I love cruises.", "I learned to swim in Alaska when I was 5.", "I'm a computer programmer. I just started yesterday. My first project is to create a bot.", "I love debating. It was my favorite club in school.", "My favorite food is pizza. My favorite pizza is ham and pineapple.", "I used to work in marketing but I did not like it.", "I am going on a cruise. I went snorkeling. My cruise stopped in Costa Rica. My cruise stops in Belize. I am excited to try new foods.", "I recommend Alaska cruises. I am possibly going on an Alaska cruise next year."], "partner_persona": ["My parents grew up in Alaska.", "I am a programmer. I am working on an e-commerce store.", "I love running.", "I recently started eating meat again. I was a vegetarian for a few years.", "My favorite clothing article is pants.", "I have never been on a cruise.", "I love to try new things. I love to try new foods.", "I love supreme pizza. I have never had Hawaiian pizza."], "current_conv": ["Guess who finally booked their trip!", "No way! You booked that cruise to Alaska? Without me?", "I couldn't wait! It just sounded like so much fun! You should book yours too if you want to come with me", "Ha-ha, that's great to hear. You know I really want to go but I'm just so busy with this whole e-commerce store. You know despite it being entirely online, it still sucks up a lot of my time. I could really use a good cruise to relieve some stress, though.", "Cruises have wifi nowadays, maybe you could do some work at night? It wouldn't be as fun though.", "Yeah, that's exactly what I was considering, but I don't know if I'd be able to enjoy it as much. I think I just need a little more time before I bite the bullet. How long is the cruise going to be?", "This cruise will be one week long. Hopefuly sometime soon you will be able to take that much time off work.", "One week isn't too bad. How are you going to handle it? You can also work remotely since you do programming, actually.", "Hopefully I will be able to get enough done before I leave that I won't have to work while I'm on vacation, but usually something comes up anyways whenever I try to do that.", "There's always something that gets in the way. Do you think you could teach me how to swim if I decide to go? I'd hate to be in the middle of the ocean without knowing.", "Sure, I could teach you! It will be useful if you want to participate in any of the water activities on the stops in Alaska.", "Awesome! Speaking of Alaska, I'm assuming the cruise takes place during the warmer months? I know you hate cold weather, ha ha."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "Im great. How are you?.", "Great! Getting ready to leave for a cruise! Love them!", "Sounds great. We did a cruise to alaska last year..my parents grew up there.", "Fun! I learned to swim there when I was five.", "How cool. What do you do for a living? I am a programmer.", "I do computer programming as well! It's new I just started yesterday.", "You will find it a rewarding career. Hobbies? For me, running. Love it.", "Debating! That was my favorite club in school.", "O ok. So, do you have a favorite food. I actually just started eating meat again.", "Pizza. Were you a vegetarian?.", "I was for a few years. Yes..", "I love meat..i could never do that lol.", "Ha ha. So, this is funny..my favorite clothing article is pants."], ["Since I just started as a programmer, can you give me some tips?", "Sure! What kind of projects are you currently working on?", "My first project for work is to make a bot that will check that a set of instructions have been followed within the organisations software", "Ahhhh, we'll for general advice I would say that you should become familiar with more than one programming language. There are so many different ones in use right now and you don't want to bar yourself from a project because you only know one or two. As for your specific task, I would say to not be afraid to turn to your peers for code review. The more eyes, the better!", "I will keep that in mind thankyou. How are your projects going?", "I'm currently working on building a e-commerce store for a local small business. Not terribly exciting, but satisfying to help out my local community. How did you get interested in programming?", "I was looking for a career change and computing seemed intresting, however I was awful at the hardware side of things haha", "I didn't realize that this was a fresh start for you; what did you do before?", "I was originally in marketing but the further I followed that career path the more I realised it just wasn't for me.", "I'm sure some of those skills will translate well; in both fields you have to have a good feel for what the customer needs. Will your new job let you work remotely while you're on your cruise?", "Yeah they said they're more than happy with it, thankfully I already have my laptop and the cruise has WI-FI access so I should have everything I need", "Where are you headed on your cruise?"], ["My cruise just made its first stop and I went on a snorkeling tour.", "Where did your cruise stop first? I have never been snorkeling before, but I would love to at some point. I bet there was so many cool things to see.", "It was amazing! We stopped off in Costa Rica. I definitely want to go back some time for snorkeling.", "Was there any kind of certification process in order to do that? I know you have to be certified to scuba, but I'm not sure about snorkeling.", "They just did some on the spot training. Nothing crazy. Tomorrow we are stopping in Belize. I am so excited to try some of the local cuisine!", "I am so jealous, I really need to go on a cruise at some point. I always love trying new things, especially food. Did you have to book the cruise really far ahead?", "You should start with the Alaska cruise since you wouldn't have to travel to get aboard. Maybe I will book that for my next one and we can go together. You need to book Alaska ones about a year in advance.", "Gotcha, I will look into that for sure. I heard you like pizza? What is your favorite kind of pizza? I love supreme, or anything that has a lot of toppings on it!", "Oh, yes, I sure do love pizza! My favorite is ham and pineapple. Have you tried it? It sounds weird, but it really works!", "I have never tried it. I have never had Hawaiian pizza, or anything like that with pineapple. I'm sure the pineapple and ham makes it have a tangy flavor.", "It is so good. You are making me crave it. I think I will order that for dinner.", "Yeah I might have to get one for myself too. Might as well try something new, as I said, I love trying new things!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["My sister recently got married. I like spending time with my brother in law.", "I work at a fast food restaurant.", "I like comedy movies. Horror movie scare me.", "I watch cartoons after I watch something that scares me.", "I have seen Bronson. I enjoyed Bronson. I watch netflix. I like documentaries about prison and space.I subscribe to HBO Max. I enjoy true crime documentaries.", "I did not enjoy Absurd Planet. I enjoyed Dream/Killer."], "partner_persona": ["I have kids.", "My cousin recently got married at the beach.", "I do not like horror movies. My kids love horror movies. Horror movies makes my mind go into overdrive.", "I watch documentaries and true stories with my kids. I watch comedies with my kids. I like the movie Bronson. I like prison documentaries. My kids like comedies.I like documentaries about space.", "I subscribe to Netflix. I do not have HBO Max.", "I recommend the Jimmy Car special. I enjoyed making a Murderer.I recommend the Epstein documentary."], "current_conv": ["I watched some of your recommended shows", "Oh which one did you watch first? Tell me please. I get excited when people check out my suggestions!", "I watched the Jimmy Car special. It was great!", "I'm so glad that you liked it! I watched it only once but I've thought about watching it again. Well if you tried one of mine, maybe I'll watch one of yours.", "I'm glad I did too! Thank you for the recommendation. You definitely should watch one of my favorites! I feel so special when people take the time to watch my favorite shows and movies.", "I was thinking about subscribing to HBO Max possibly. Do you think that it's worth getting right now?", "Honestly, no, I do not think an HBO Max subscription is worth it. Maybe they have a free trial if you want to see if it's for you before you purchase it.", "That's what I thought. I've not heard anything on there that grabs my attention. There was a movie or two but most of it doesn't seem worth the price of admission. I'll just stick to my Netflix for now. So which one of your shows should I check out?", "I think you would like The Mitchells vs. the Machines. It is a comedy movie you can stream on Netflix. You can even watch it with your kids because it's rated PG!", "Perfect! I like to watch anything that I can share with my kids. I'll make sure to see if I can find it. I'll even show them a trailer so they can see what it's like. Thanks for the recommendation!", "Of course! I hope you enjoy it. Please let me know what you and your kids think once you watch.", "I'm sure that they will like it. They love comedy movies almost as much as Horror movies. This one sounds like one that the whole family can enjoy."], "history_conv": [["Good morning what are you up to?", "Good morning to you as well. I just got up and spent some time wiht my kids. And you?", "Hanging out with my brother in law, my sister just got married.", "Oh thats nice. My cousin just got married. They had a beach wedding which was great.", "Sounds beautiful.. Gotta get to work soon, ugh fast food industry.", "No fun at all. Luckily work is closed today so I just rolled out of bed.", "Nice, I was up late watching movies. What movies do you like?", "Like a specific genre or individual titles?", "Either lol.. I love comedies, but horror movies terrify me.", "I can't watch horror movies. I am up all night. My kids however love them.", "Isnt that funny! I have to watch cartoons after anything scary.", "I just cant watch them in general. For some reason my mind just goes into overdrive.", "How old are your kid?.", "15. Do you have any?"], ["Besides horror movies, since you don't like them, what are your favorite types of movies to watch with your kids?", "We like to watch documentary type movies as well things based on true stories, something interesting.", "Yeah I like a good documentry too but like my comedy movies as well.", "Yeah we like to watch a good comedy now and again as well. I liked the film Bronson have you ever seen it?", "Yeah I watched it a couple of months ago on netflix, I really enjoyed it.", "Yeah he really was one mad bloke but lovable at the same time lol.", "Yes that he was. Do you like documentries about prison and that?", "Yeah I do I find them quite interesting to watch I have watched quite a few.", "Yeah me too I also like ones about space I find things like that fascinating.", "I like to watch things like that as well its amazing what happens outside our tiny little world that we have no clue about what is going on.", "Yes we are so safe here in our tiny bubble while chaos is going on out there.", "Yeah you are right. Do you think their is other life out there?"], ["Do you watch documentaries about nature with your kids? The ones about animals in the wild are usually pretty good.", "usually they are not interested in those shows. they prefer to watch comedys like you", "There's a Netflix documentary series about animals that is narrated by a comedian. That maybe help get them into something more educational. Let me know I'll find the name for you.", "ill search it, i\u00b4m sure if there is comedy they would love it", "Do you have an recommendations I should check out?", "sure, i\u00b4ve watch some comedy shows in Netflix, i liked Jimmy Car special the best", "Nice, I'll give it a try.  I haven't been finding many shows or movies lately that I'm interested in.  I did watch a good true crime documentary on HBO Max about a young man investigating his mothers murder. Very sad but interesting.", "Wow sounds great, dont dave HBO max but my friend has it, ill ask him to look for it. By the way, what was the name of the documentary about animals? i\u00b4d like my kids to watch it", "It's called Absurd Planet. I wasn't able to get into myself but it would definitely appeal to kids.", "thanks, hope they like it, Have you any prison show to recomend? i las saw  Making a Murderer, really loved it !!!", "Yeah, check out Dream/Killer. It's about a young man who went to jail for a crime he didn't commit.  The lawyer who got him out is the same lawyer helping Steven Avery.", "Ahhh sounds intresting, \u00b4ll look for it. I recomend the epstein documentary. Maybe wou could watch it with a date, jajaj sounds wierd for a date, maybe some thig else !!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a experienced professional artist. I work with animals.", "I enjoy travelling when in nature.", "I am not married.", "I like rock music.", "My mum was a nurse. My parents are separated.", "I will be working from Hawaii. I have email. I may go surfing. I have never been diving. I want to learn to surf.", "My favorite sea creature is a whale. I take photos.", "I have worked with snakes.", "I draw animals. I would draw friends if they asked.", "I am moving at the end of the month."], "partner_persona": ["I am a US marine.", "I have been to Hawaii 3 times.", "I own 2 snakes.", "I like rock and metal music. I am divorced. My wife and I are separated.", "I saw octopus and eels. I have 1 to 2 foot long snakes back home.", "I enjoy art. I love drawing snakes while listening to music.", "I am a certified scuba diver. I was in the military and stationed in Hawaii. I am still active military.", "I had difficulty learning to surf. I prefer diving."], "current_conv": ["How was your deployment? Are you glad to be back home?. ", "It was very exhilarating. I have to be honest, I miss the action. While I love free time, it gets quite lonely. Do you have any recommendations on how I can spend the time?", "You could always visit the beaches. They are beautiful. Maybe go for a dive since I know you like that.", "I used to do a lot of diving while I was deployed too. Reminds me of being back in action. Lately, I've been making paint designs on shoes and hats. Have you been working on any projects?", "I have been! I've been working on this great sea life drawing to promote this local company. I'm really happy with how it's coming along. What sort of designs have you been doing?", "That sounds great. Let me know if there's anything I can do to help promote. I have been painting a lot of designs based off my favourite rock bands. I love Led Zeppelin. Who do you listen to?", "Led Zeppelin is great, but I really like Metallica. Do you ever listen to them?", "Yes! I love them too. We should start a rock band together haha. Might help me pass the time. Just kidding but we should seriously go surfing sometime! I want to get the hang of it.", "Oh yes, I'd love to finally learn to surf! Maybe we can be surfing rockers ha ha. How hard do you think it will be to learn?", "Considering how bad I am at surfing, likely impossible for me. But I'll cheer you on. I can teach you diving as well while we're at it. If we dive deep enough, we might be able to see some distant whales.", "Oh I'd love to learn to dive and hopefully see some whales! What's your favorite thing about diving?", "Seeing the sea creatures for sure. It is so beautiful underwater. It's like a whole new world. There are so many coral structures and interesting species that you don't learn about in school. I'm sure you'll love the experience. We can get you a waterproof go-pro so you can record your experience."], "history_conv": [["I work as an artist, what do you do?", "Im a us marine veteran. Do you like to travel?", "I like to travel as long as there is nature.", "Ive been to hawaii 3 times now, the nature there is beautiful! Are you married?", "Nah. I spend my time working with animals. No time for that.", "I see a lot of wild stuff scuba diving! Its neat. At home I have 2 snakes.", "Awesome what edo you like to listen to for music, I like rock genre.", "I love rock and metal. But I just went through divorce, and she took the collection.", "Wow. My mom was a nurse, she got divorcced.", "That must have been hard for you :(.", "You seem to be interested in lots of things.", "Mostly just scuba diving. Its a good way to relax.", "That is a very good point.", "Do you have other hobbies besides taking care of animals?"], ["I just got an email from a producer at work and he has arraned for me to do work in Hawaii so I will see if i agree with you on that front!", "It's a great place- especially for work! You will feel like you are on vacation. Make sure to check out some hiking spots. Do you have any activities in mind you'd like to do while visiting?", "I might try surfing, you said you did scuba, did you really like that? I'm not trying to get stung by anything down there lol", "Scuba diving is great there. The water is especially clear & there is more wildlife to admire. What's your favorite sea creature?", "It's got to be whales, I find the sounds they make so majestic and they can get so incredibly big. I'm hoping to get some photos of some! What was the coolest animal you saw there?", "Surprisingly I saw many octopus. They are hard to spot at first, but once you see one you see many. Also, you sometimes see eels. They look similar to my snakes.", "Did seeing those eels remind you of your snakes back home? How big are they?", "Yeah definitely, they are about the same length as my snakes usually 1 to 2 feet. Have you ever worked with snakes?", "I have, they can both be beautiful and terrifying. It's wild seeing them just engulf a mouse whole", "That's something that you have to get used to watching haha. You mentioned your an artist, do you like drawing animals or do you have other muses?", "I mainly draw animals, but if a friend wants me to draw them I'd do it. It is always good to practice the human form", "Now that I am separated from my wife, I've had more time to enjoy art. I love drawing my snakes while listening to music."], ["How long have you been certified to scuba dive?", "For about 8 years now. It was one of the first things I did when I was first stationed in Hawaii. Have you been diving before?", "Nope never but I am willing to try, but I want to pick up surfing first. Do you also surf?", "I tried a few times but couldn't get the hang of it.  I like the peace and tranquility of diving.  There's no sound other than the heart beat of the ocean. When will you be moving?", "At the end of this month. I am fully packed and counting days. That sound really peaceful. I might give me muse! Will you consider giving me a scuba diving lesson or two?", "Yeah, definitely.  I'm on a short deployment out to sea but I'll be back at the end of August. We can make a plan then. The water will be much warmer by then as well.", "Perfect! So how about your snake, who is taking care of it when you are on deployment?", "I make the junior Marines back on base take care of them when I'm gone. Luckily they only need to eat once or twice a month so it's not a huge burden.", "Yeah they are really laid back animals to look after. Maybe I can work with your snake and draw it to add my portfolio?", "Yeah, you might want to take a picture and use that as your main reference because they don't always stay still.lol", "Yeah that is what I do, no animal in general stands still and wait to be drawn. hahah. But I like to draw next to them, it gives me muse and more movement for the drawing.", "Sounds like a plan. Do you draw realism or do you like more cartoon style?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I blog.", "I used to be a vet.", "I have travelled extensively.", "I have no children.  I am vegan. I blog about vegan recipes. I enjoy reading food blogs. I enjoy many different cuisines.", "I like taking care of animals. I enjoy swimming.", "I have singing jobs in local bars. I'm working my way up to better venues. I am a paid singer.", "I prefer older music.", "I drink casually.", "I used to be a veterinarian."], "partner_persona": ["I live on a beach with my parents.  I have 12 siblings.", "I used to ride horses.", "I will move to the country. I want horses in the country. I want to have a garden that's partly outdoors and partly in a greenhouse. I also want to have different kinds of animals. I also want to build an old-fashioned swimming pool.", "I am trying to save money for future vet bills. I had a dog who got diabetes. I had to be cautious to find him a good veterinarian. I have siblings who will be able to help me when I move to the country.", "I enjoy pop music.", "I do not like alcohol. I like to make new friends.", "I enjoy physical labor. I enjoy gardening.", "I am not currently vegan. I like many different cuisines."], "current_conv": ["Hey did you get to try any of those Asian vegan recipes we talked about? ", "I tried the Thai green curry but the curry overpowered the dish. I am looking to make my own Miso Udon this weekend.", "I'm sorry it didn't work out. Miso Udon should be better. It's been known to have a milder flavor. I've also heard that Miso Udon is pretty healthy so that's good! Hope it turns out good. I think I'm going to make Thai green curry tonight", "Awesome. Keep sending me the recipes and I will keep trying them out. I am hoping that I can grow enough of what I need from some of these when I own my own ranch in the future.", "Oh that's awesome. Maybe you can lend me some herbs and vegetables in the future! What plants do you expect to grow on your ranch? A lot of Asian food is very diverse so it may be hard to grow everything you need for every Asian recipe.", "Yeah, I know. My favorite dish so far is the Garlic Broccoli stir fry so I will have most of that covered in my garden. As far as herbs, I am not sure. Thyme, Basil, Cilantro, etc.", "Fresh basil is my favorite! It tastes so good and you can use it for so much. Garlic broccoli is very good though but I prefer my broccoli seared and saut\u00e9d. Do you have any experience growing these plants?", "I have never tried the broccoli but my mom has although she likes to harvest early so she starts them indoors. She is going to teach me so I can gain so I can gain some experience. I have grown my own chickpeas for the first time this last year so that was exciting.", "That sounds nice that your mother has experience! I cannot grow anything at all. I seem to kill everything I grow. Where do you live? Will there be enough rain and sun to grow plants?", "I live in Florida right now so we have plenty of rain and sun but I can not wait to move to someplace more rustic and remote.", "Florida is so nice, I love it there! Where do you want to move? Florida is sometimes not the best for agriculture, I know", "Tell me about it. Almost all of our garden is regulated greenhouse growth. As far as where I will end up I think I have my heart set on Montana."], "history_conv": [["I just finished writing a blog post, how are you doing?", "Good. I am glad that I live on the beach with my mom and dad so that my dozen siblings have room.", "Wow, that's a lot. Pets too? I love them. Used to work as a veterinarian.", "I used to ride horses, loved it. Where were you a vet?", "I worked at a local clinic, but quit so I could travel the world.", "No traveling for me. Except to move to the country in the year.", "Nice! I make my living singing now, which I can do from anywhere.", "Good for you. What else do you do? Do you have any children?", "No kids, but I am vegan! I write about vegan recipes on my blog.", "When I move to the country, I hope to have a garden.", "And animals? I'd love to live in the country and have lots of animals.", "Horses. Do you have any pets?"], ["Tell me have you had any more ideas about what you will do when you move to the country?", "I think the plan is to have a few animals, horses, sheep, goats, chickens and the garden. I also kind of want to try and build my own swimming pool in an old fashioned style not like the modern ones we see in peoples backyards!", "That sounds like a life worth living. I would love to take care of your animals if they ever have an accident. I would definitely go for a swim in your pool too!", "Wow that is such a kind offer! That would be so valuable to have your advice if I ever need help with them. I have been trying to put away money for any expenses that arise because vet bills are so costly. Thats another reason why I want to do the DIY pool. I want to make a clay and straw bed for the bottom of the pool and then tile it with stones. I saw someone do it on YouTube I think it will turn out awesome and be pretty easy!", "I would hate for you to get swindled by a greedy vet! I think your pool idea will work well. It would probably be sturdier and easier to repair than a regular pool too.", "Yeah that has happened a few times already with my dog who has diabetes! I learned my lesson- you have to trust the person that's caring for your animals 100%! I'm so excited to get out there though and start living my own life! You are most definitely welcome to come over any time by the way!", "Good point. It's hard to find a good vet these days. Look at you, living your best life! I'll take you up on that offer! Haha your siblings might too.", "Haha! They've already talked about moving in, but I told them to give me time! The whole point is to be independent a little first. Although I'll probably end up needing their help with all the work it will take to upkeep the animal pens!", "It is a lot of work! Maybe you can cycle out siblings so you never get tired of them. I'm guessing that garden will be pretty big too.", "Hahah! Thats a great idea! The garden will be I hope. I'm planning on doing a mix of outdoor and greenhouse so there will be a lot going on and plenty of space for many hands to work! I've gotten so wrapped up in myself I forgot to ask you how your singing gigs are going!", "I've spent quite a few emotional nights in local bars but it panned out. I'm actually singing in a more reputable establishment this weekend!", "Awe, I'm glad something new has come your way! Whats the first song you're going to sing?"], ["I have a good singing gig coming up this weekend--I'm very excited!", "That sounds like a lot of fun! What genre of music do you plan on singing? Do you specialize in anything in particular? Because I love pop music.", "No particular preference, but given my age, I would tend to go with anything from the Beatles to the 90s.", "It's at a bar, so I wonder if you'll be drinking. I don't drink because I don't like alcohol. But do you like to drink?", "Maybe the occasional beer or two, and I do like ales. But most of the time just to appease the bartenders when I work gigs at bars.", "I understand. That's a good way to stay in their good graces. I like to make new friends, even if I'm working for them. How about you?", "I admit that a friendly face to any support staff or bar workers goes a long way when setting up and taking down a gig! (And just as much with assistants in my vet days.)", "Help is always good. I like to get my hands dirty with some real labor. That\u2019s why I\u2019m so interested in gardening. What kind of hobbies do you have besides swimming and taking care of animals?", "Vegan food is my main remaining hobby! I remember this excellent blog I read about vegan Argentine food, in the land of steaks galore.", "Vegan food sounds good. With my dog having diabetes, I have to be more health conscious for him. It makes me think I should do the same for myself, too. What kind of food do you recommend as a vegan?", "I can recommend cuisines from India or (in some cases) Japan as a general template for what food to eat.", "That sounds good. I like Japanese and Indian food. I also like Thai and Italian food. What\u2019s your favorite type of food?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["my name is jason.", "I have two pet dog german shepherds. My dogs are named Snickers and Bounty. Snickers is old. I walk my dogs every 3 hours. I am getting older. My dog named Snickers is 11 years old.", "I have a job. I was in the navy. i went to school in spain and france.", "I like florida. i am an only child.", "I occasionally play video games. I played league of legends. I will be purchasing gaming equipment.", "I enjoy pineapple pizza. I enjoy a local pizzeria."], "partner_persona": ["My name is bob. I love league of legends.", "I like dogs.", "I work at best buy.", "I am from florida.", "I have a sister.", "I like burgers and fries, pizza. I do not like pineapple on pizza. I enjoy fresh mozzarella.", "I do not have pets.", "I am a veteran.", "I have inside knowledge of the gaming industry."], "current_conv": ["I ordered a pizza of the variation just under discussion. ", "With pineapple on it? Gross! Did you get ham on it too?", "Nope! But I did get bacon on it. That's my absolute favorite! Have you ever tried it?", "Bacon on pizza is great! Just not with pineapple", "That's fair. It certainly isn't for everyone! What's your favorite type of specialty pizza?", "My favorite is a real Italian style margharita pizza with fresh basil, tomatoes, and mozzarella. This is usually more expensive though, and you can't get it from a fast food place.", "Margharita pizza is delicious! I just had some last week. ", "Did you go to Italy at all when you studied in Europe?", "No, I wish I would have been able to go! Maybe someday I'll take a vacation there. Have you ever been there?", "I never have but I really want to! I can only imagine how much tastier autentic Italian food is than the stuff we get here.", "I bet it's absolutely delicious. Maybe we could plan to go together. That would be so much fun!", "Yeah, that would be great! It is going to take me a while to save up enough money for a plane ticket, though"], "history_conv": [["Good morning to ya!! My name is jason.", "Ugh too early.. Was up late gaming last night! Names bob.", "Just got back from walking my german shepherds snickers and bounty.", "Oh I love dogs. Do you work today?", "I will go in much later. How about you?", "Shift at best buy tonight. Love the discount though.", "Oh cool!! Where are you from? Navy brat here, schooled in spain and france.", "Oh wow. From florida, still here too, nice and warm!", "Love florida. Siblings? None for me. Only child.", "A sister who is also a gamer lol. Do u play league of legends?", "I don't play as much as I used to. But every once in awhile.", "Alistar is my favorite champion. Im a bit of a nerd lol..", "Ha ha. Think I'll grab burger and fries for lunch in a bit.", "Oh one of my favorites.. Pizza and video games with friends for me."], ["since we spoke about league of legends i played it all last night and have fallen in love again. Do you think we could play some time?", "Oh absolutely lets organise a night we can play against each other! I'll get the pizza in!", "That sounds perfect! Do you mind if we do it at my place? I know we will both get sucked in and I would hate to forget to go home to walk to dogs!", "That's no problem at all, I'm excited to finally meet the dogs! What are they called again?", "Snickers and Bounty. Snickers is getting up there and needs to walk pretty regularly.", "Awww that's so adorable! How many times a day do they need walked?", "Bounty could probably go most of the day without a walk, but I take them out every 3 hours or so for Snickers' sake. I get it. My old bladder is not what it used to be either.", "Totally, you sound like a great owner and they sound like two great dogs. How old is Snickers now", "He is 11. I don't know what I will do when he is gone. He has been with me through so much. My soul mate, in a way. I wish I could still take him on hikes, but his legs just cannot handle that anymore.", "Oh goodness he is getting on in years but you are lucky to have spent so many good years with him! There is no companion like a dog. You're lucky you have Bounty too", "I really am. Do you have any pets?", "I don't but I'm considering getting a dog for the company and to help with the exercise. I think a german shephard may be too big for me though"], ["What pizza did you end up ordering for tonight?", "Pepperoni all the way. Are you going to play League of Legends tonight?", "Possibly.  It's really hot today so I haven't taken the dogs out and I'll probably do it tonight when it cools down.  Are you pro or anti pineapple on pizza?", "So if you do play tonight give me a heads up I can join you. You are not living in Florida so you have no idea what hot is! lol. No pineapple for me, don't tell me you are a pineapple guy Jason!", "Yeah, I'll give you a heads up if I get on.  And it's too hot for my dogs! lol  And yes. Pineapple pizza is life and nobody will tell me different.", "Just as I though I liked you, why did you have to ruin it for me?! lol. Any how for an old vet I can look the other way in regards of Pineapple. Just promise me to never to order pizza if I am around. lol", "I mostly enjoy cheese but if I'm feeling wild I'll do pineapple.  We can order half cheese half pepperoni when we hang out but I make no apologies for my pineapple pizza love.", "Then I can forgo my pepperoni and we can meet in the middle with just cheese pizza. Deal?", "Absolutely. There's a great place near me that actually uses fresh mozzarella and there's no comparison.", "Who can say no to fresh mozzarella! Sign me up!", "I'm going to be looking into some new gaming equipment soon.  Any good sales I should wait for before I buy?", "Any holiday! Definitely wait for the sales.. Otherwise you are paying extra for nothing. And for a insider advise do not but the extra guarantee.. They don't break often, and you would probably want to but a newer version before it breaks. lol"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I go on runs. I have a dog.", "I have daughters. I am a father.", "I like music.", "I do not eat dairy or gluten.", "I do not have a cat. I got my daughters a cat. My cat is named Angie. My daughters named the cat. My friend got his daughter a pet monkey.", "I have a degree in psychology, but I might have to re-home my pets.", "I have a monkey named Marco. I didn't consider the legality of owning a pet monkey before acquiring one.", "I have colitis, and I have to monitor my diet closely.", "I really like ice cream."], "partner_persona": ["I go on runs.", "I work as a tax accountant.", "I like music. I listen to sufjan stevens.", "I recently moved into an apartment.", "I am on a diet where I eat high-protein foods.", "I listen to music while I run. I like to run on trails. There are running trails near my apartment.", "I do not like cats. I do not want a pet cat.", "I do not have kids.", "I have a cousin who has colitis.", "I have tried coconut bliss frozen products, and I have been to Whole Foods."], "current_conv": ["How is your new apartment treating you?", "I like it! I like that it is closer to nature than my old apartment.", "That's awesome, I'm so glad you like it! Have you been on any of the trails near your apartment yet?", "Yes I have! I took a break from unpacking to check it out and it is very nice.", "Great! Did you see any cool animals or bugs while hiking? Did you take any pictures?", "I was running on the trail, so I didn't take time to stop and look around. Maybe I should next time", "That makes sense haha. You should! I'd love to see any pictures you take.", "You are so interested in animals! Dogs, cats, monkeys, bugs. That's really cool, but I have never been much of an animal person", "I do like animals, but I also just love appreciating nature. Even when I don't like something, I try my best to appreciate it from a distance!", "That is a great attitude. I definitely try to enjoy the beauty of nature, but I should get up close to understand it better.", "Thank you! I definitely recommend it, especially since you spend so much time outside in nature anyway!", "The nature is part of my new home too. I ought to get familiar with the outdoor surroundings now that I live here"], "history_conv": [["Hello?", "Hey, just finished a run, how are you?", "I run, too. I love to. I take my dog sometimes.", "That's great! I gotta run. I'm a tax accountant. Too much time at a desk.", "I have a degree in psychology. I use it on my daughters!", "Sounds useful! Do you like music? I was just listening to sufjan stevens.", "Yes. Maybe my daughters heard of that musician.", "Maybe. I just moved into a new apartment and my neighbor recommended stevens.", "Good for you. What is your favorite food? I am dairy and gluten-free.", "I mostly eat high-protein foods. Part of a diet I'm on.", "What else do you like to do?", "Running and music are really my things right now, usually at the same time!", "I run often with the dog. Although my daughters want a cat.", "Dogs are cool, but I'm not a fan of cats."], ["I ended up giving in and getting my daughters the cat.", "Thats hilarious! I don't think I'd be that cool of a parent. What'd she name it?", "Well when you have daughters you sort of give in to them. She named it Angie.", "I don't know if I could. I just can't stand all the fur and meowing. Has the dog been chasing Angie around?", "My dog has been great with it. But I have to say this my dog is not very smart and I do not think he knows it is alive. I think he thinks it is just another stuff animal.", "I have a feeling like that won't end well! haha. So is there some kind of psychology experiment behind giving the girls a cat or was it just to get them off your back about it?", "Get their them off my back, haha. At least they did not ask for a pet monkey like my friend gave to his daughter.", "Monkeys are pretty cool but that is insane. Is that even legal? haha! I'm going to be so strong willed if I have kids and they will be thoroughly disappointed about it. No monkeys or cats in my house!", "here here to strong willed fathers who stand up to their daughters. Oh by the way, how is your new apartment?", "Its actually pretty spacious. More space than I need really, but the view is so amazing I don't think I plan on downsizing anytime soon.", "So have you found any running trials around your new place?", "Yea that's one of the best things about this place. Its close to parks and theres a forest view out my living room window. There's so many paths to explore I think my legs will wear out before the opportunities for running do! haha"], ["The dog finally discovered the cat and I had to separate them just now!", "Omg... it must\u2019ve been a riot! I bet you got a chance to put your degree in psychology to some solid use there ;)", "I sure did! I got there just in time. I hope they can learn to like one another or we might need to re-home one of them.", "Haha... I hope it doesn\u2019t come to that! In any case I\u2019m sure it\u2019s still better than having a monkey in the mix lol", "Monkeys are cute, but they are a lot of work! His name is Marco. Have I ever sent you a picture?", "No you didn\u2019t... I am still having a tough time believing it\u2019s legit... to have a monkey for a pet that is, not that I have anything against Marco... do send me his pic!", "I wonder if it is even legal? I never considered that before...", "Really?! That is crazy indeed. By the way, do you avoiding gluten and dairy because of intolerance or for another reason?", "I have colitis, so my diet has to be managed really closely.", "Yes, you have to be very careful about what you eat. I have a cousin who has colitis and she is very meticulous about her diet too.", "It is brutal. I really miss ice cream. I crave it every day.", "Oh you poor baby... I feel for you! You gotta try Coconut Bliss, a non dairy alternative available at Whole Foods"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love the beach. I live 20 minutes away from the beach. I like margaritas.", "I like to cook.", "I live in California and have kids.", "I am a health nut and make coffee at home.", "I like watching movies on the weekends.", "I am thirty years old.", "I like camping. I am busy.", "i like to read."], "partner_persona": ["I love being outdoors at the beach.", "I love coffee.", "I like camping. I like leisure activities. I have a dog and other pets.", "I like Corona beer.", "I do not live in California. I have family that lives in California.", "I went hiking on memorial day. i have a job.", "I love mystery novels."], "current_conv": ["My family asked to go camping for the holiday weekend.", "That sounds like alot of fun. Are you taking all the kids to the lake this year?", "I don't know yet. We might depending on my work schedule. I'm dreading this camping trip, though. I'm not a big fan of sleeping outside. Camping to me is a 2-star Marriott. LOL!", "LOL! I love camping. Me and the puppers are going soon to do some hiking and camping in California. Im visiting my family over the summer. ", "Any camping tips for a newbie like me? By your tone, I assume that you get along well with your family.", "Over pack for the trip. Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it. I get along with them well.  My siblings and I are very close. I get to meet my new niece and Im sooo excited!!", "That's so cool. I'm so happy for you! You know, I'll bet that your family is going ask you when you are going to settle down and have kids of your own. lol!", "They I think finally realize that the only kids they get from me have four legs and all furry. ", "Well, that's good. I'm sure that you'll have a fantastic time. Where in California does your family live? Are you planning to visit anywhere else while you're out here?", "They live in Santa Barbra down south. Im planning on going to Las Vegas with my Mom and sisters for a weekend. Girls time.", "Are you a gambler or are you going there to people watch and go to shows?", "We are going to do it all. We are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel  so we will be having a blast.  "], "history_conv": [["Hi there. Do you like the beach? It is one of my favorite hobbies.", "I do like the beach! I like being outdoors.", "Me too but only when I'm not indoors cooking. Are you a parent?", "No, I have a dog.", "Oh, thats cool! I am a californian valley mom.", "Cool, do they have good coffee there? I'm a connoisseur!", "Yum, coffee! Yes, but I am kind of a health nut and usually make mine at home.", "I like making coffee over a fire on a good camping trip.", "That sounds wonderful! I'm a movie superfan on the weekends. Any hobbies?", "I'm a big fan of leisure activity!", "We have that in common! How old are ya?", "Middle aged, but my dog and pets keep me young!", "So cute and adorable! I am thirty this year and proud of it..", "Good for you! I'm looking up new ways to brew coffee."], ["I also really love coffee and the beach. I love laying in the sand and getting some sun.", "Are there are beaches near your house?", "Yes about 20 minutes from my house there is a beach, I just love being there with my family! Margarita in hand!", "Oh man, I miss going to the beach. I plan to take a few trips myself after Memorial Day weekend. I prefer an ice cold Corona while lounging on the beach.", "Those are always delicious as well! You should come out to Cali, so we can hit the beach sometime!", "I will try to although it's across the country. I do have family that live in Los Angeles and Orange County.", "It is definitely a haul, but if you get the chance you definitely need to fly out. Plus we have great coffee and camping sites as well!", "I will definitely consider it. Do you go camping a lot as well?", "I do a few times a year, not as much as I like. When I have free time I'd rather be on the water.", "What is your favorite beach in Cali? There are so many famous ones.", "I honestly cannot pick a favorite, there are just too many nice ones out here.", "It's beach season this weekend. Do you have any outdoor plans for Memorial Day?"], ["Did you do anything outdoors for Memorial day?", "i was able to get out and do some day hiking. the weather was so nice! I always love having a long weekend and getting some time away from work. what about you, did you go to the beach?", "Sure did. I took the kids for the day and we had a picnic. The weather was beautiful! Did you take your dog hiking with you?", "what kind of picnic did you make? that sounds really nice and relaxing. I did take my dog. I cant miss a chance to get out and exercise her! then she generally stays pretty relaxed the rest of the day which is nice.", "I made sandwiches, potato salad and lemonade. It all turned out very nice. Have you made it to the beach recently?", "that sounds perfect! we have lakes and rivers here mostly. there are some nice beaches along some of the bigger lakes. I haven't made it down recently but will as the weather gets warmer for sure.  it will be nice to pack up some books and read along the beach. do you like to read?", "I do, but don't really have time these days. I too like reading on the beach. We need to plan a camping trip. the kids would love it.", "i agree. that sounds nice. it will also be good to have something to look forward to. do your kids like to swim?", "they love to swim. We have a really nice campground at our beach. Does that sound ok? You can bring your dog.", "yes it sounds great. my dog loves to swim, too. corona by the beach, campfire, and you can even make some good camping coffee! it all sounds like the perfect vacation to me", "It does! I should also be able to get in some reading. What would you recommend?", "i have been reading all books from a new author I found. she writes kind of short books, mystery types, but with different plots and there is always huge plot twist! I will send you a link to her stuff. I have read 10-12 of her book so far and have loved every one of them"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am currently in school. I work as a beach lifeguard during the summer.", "I have a girlfriend who works in a grocery store.", "I do not have any pets. I do karate.", "I love horror movies because I enjoy a good scare.", "I have a purple belt in martial arts. I am a Bruce Lee fan. I am a fan of ToHo movies. ToHo movies inspired me to start practicing martial arts.", "I like to fly kites.", "I have seen a lot of people have swimsuit mishaps."], "partner_persona": ["I am a zoo-keeper. I have two mustangs.", "I have a brother who works in a grocery store.", "I fly kites on windy days.", "I am not familiar with ToHo movies.", "I step on a lot of animal poop by accident, my favorite animal is a female monkey named Lilith.", "I have a raccoon named Rococo and a bearded dragon as pets.", "I am a superb person and a great friend to animals."], "current_conv": ["What kind of mustangs do you have?", "I have an EcoBoost convertible and a Premium Fastback. If you ever want to see them we can go on a drive sometime!", "That sounds like fun, you should bring your monkey Lilith! Which mustang do you prefer to cruise in?", "Yeah, I think she'd like that! Definitely the convertible. Nothing like feeling the sun on your skin and wind in your hair. ", "Sure thing, if she doesn't try to jump out! I agree about the sun and the wind, though I've usually perused those on motorcycles... Maybe you could take me for a tour of the zoo where you work?", "I didn't know you rode motorcycles. That's so cool! I'm too scared to try. I'd love to take you on a tour of the zoo! We have after hour specials where the zookeepers are able to bring their family and friends. That way you'll get a much better look at everything without all the crowds!", "That does sound nice, a bit more relaxed than normal hours no doubt. Yes, I enjoy the balance and control and the challenge of improving my skills. I've had three motorcycles so far, but haven't ridden in quite a few years now...", "It's definitely a perk of knowing a zookeeper! That is commendable. Why haven't you been riding your motorcycles lately?", "the lifeguard job doesn't pay much, so I've had to cut back on some luxuries to cover the costs of school. But hey, we can still fly our kites right? How do you ever have time to enjoy those mustangs with all those animals to look after?", "That makes sense, I'm sorry to hear that. Yes! There is always time to fly kites, as long as the wind permits haha. I try to squeeze in time wherever I can find it. Whether it's waking up a little earlier or staying up a little later, I try to make some time so I can enjoy the alone time. I definitely recommend devoting some part of your day to something you love doing, even if you can only spare a few minutes.", "That's good to hear, and just plain good advice! I probably spend a little TOO much time on things I love. maybe if i focused more on productivity I'd get another bike this year and get back out in the wind...", "Haha. Well, I think life is really all just a balance of doing things you should do and doing things you want to do. Everything in moderation!"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "Great! I am a zoo-keeper, so, of course, my two cars are mustangs!", "Wow thats a very cool job.", "What is your job?.", "Im in school, but im a beach lifeguard during summer.", "Maybe my brother can set you up at his grocery store after you graduate.", "That would be cool, my girlfriend works in a grocery store.", "Any pets? I keep a raccoon and a reptile--a bearded dragon.", "No pets, I just do karate on my free time.", "I fly kites in the day is windy! What else is your game, gig, bag?", "Horror movies, I love a good scare.", "Houseguest often eek spotting my bearded dragon the first time."], ["I recently was promoted to a purple belt.", "That sounds good, how long do you have to go to get to black belt?", "I am not so sure. I am excited though.", "That's cool. Have you been involved in martial arts for a long time?", "Oh yesnot physically, But as a huge fan of Bruce Lee? Why not go for it.", "I'm not sure what you mean. Are you a fan of Bruce Lee?", "I am sorry, I mistyped! I am. I love watching ToHo movies! So impressive and I decided to get into it for fun!", "That's cool I don't really know about ToHo movies, I don't think I've seen any before. That's pretty cool to be so inspired as to take up the sport."], ["I want to tell you about something funny that happened to me at the beach recently while I was on lifeguard duty. I know you like to fly kites and there was a really cool kite that crashed into me while I was working!", "OH NO! That is hillarious! are you alright though?", "Yes, a kid was flying it and I think it just got away from him during a gust of wind. Lifeguarding can be interesting for sure.", "I am glad nobody was hurt! Kite can be really dangerous during a gust.. I bet lifeguarding is really interesting. You must have tons of stories! Please tell me more about your adventures, lol.", "Oh I've seen a lot of swimsuit mishaps! You can only imagine the embarrassment.", "I knew I picked the wrong proffesion! lol", "Well I dunno about that. Your job seems interesting. What's your favorite animal at the zoo?", "Yes can't complain it is intersting, it keeps me on my toes. Not knowing which animals poop I will step on next.lol. Just kidding. I love all my animals the same but one monkey has a special place in my heart. Her name is Lilith.", "Awww, I love that. Monkeys seem like they have great personalities. Do you really have a raccoon as a pet?", "Yep a raccoon and a bearded dragon to be exact! They are both rescues. My raccoon is called Rococo, I found it in my garbage can when it was little.", "That is so great! You sound like a superb person and a great friend to animals.", "Oww you are being so kind. I am saving animals, you are saving humans. We are both people! Except when you kick peoples asses with your purple belt.lol"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a couponer. I have five dogs and three rats. I enjoy walks on the beach during sunsets.", "I enjoy painting animals, especially butterflies. I recently completed a butterfly painting. I painted the butterflies in purple and blue.", "I am a full time student in graduate school looking to get a degree. I have a car. I take a long drive to school every day.", "I've never been paid to paint anything before.", "I really like meerkats. I think they would be fun animals to depict in a painting."], "partner_persona": ["I work at the local zoo as a zoo keeper.", "I like flying kites on windy days.", "I have 2 mustangs.", "My mustangs are both red. My brother owns a grocery store.", "My brother gives me discounts in return for letting him play with my bearded dragon.", "I own exotic pets, including a raccoon and a bearded dragon. The raccoon and the bearded dragon don't get along well. I'd like to get a painting done of them. I enjoy drawing but I'm not a very talented artist myself.", " The zoo animals are very friendly. We have meerkats! I like to draw the animals when I'm on a break. I don't show the drawings to my colleagues.", "I sometimes work weekends. I am a beginner at drawning."], "current_conv": ["The hobby shop has a great deal on paints. I can get any colors I need to paint your pets.", "That would be amazing. I would love my painting colors to be as realistic as possible. What is the painting style that you specialize in?", "I also usually do realistic paintings but I have been trying to get inspiration from Impressionism recently", "Wow that sounds interesting. I'm not sure if I've ever seen an Impressionistic Painting. I'm sure your painting style will be great! Are you learning about Impressionism in your graduate school program", "Yes I am, that is what inspired me to try this style. It is a little bit realistic, but can be more interpretive", "Okay, I am so excited to have you paint my beloved animals! How much would you charge me, and about how long would the process take?", "it depends how big you want the paintings, I charge more for a bigger painting", "I'd like to just get one 14\" by 14\" painting. I think it will look nice in my living room where their cages are. I'd love to show it off to my zookeeping colleagues", "Do you want all of them in one picture? That will cost more, too because it will take more work", "Yes, I have one raccoon and one bearded dragon. I'm fine with the cost, I love to pay small content creators! What are you thinking for the cost?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "Hi, I'm well, how are you?", "That's great I am great. Tell me a little about yourself? If you don't mind.", "I work here at the local zoo as a zoo keeper.", "A couponer, five dogs and three rats, enjoy walks on the beach while the sunsets.", "Wow, I also have pets! I have a bearded dragon and a pet racoon.", "Wow that is amazing! I enjoy painting animals especially butterflies.", "That sounds fun. I enjoy flying kites when it's windy outside!", "Sounds fun. During the day I am a full time student in graduate school getting a degree.", "That's great. Do you drive to school? I have 2 cars which are both mustangs.", "Oooh what color those cars are fast. Yes I do drive to school its a long commute.", "They're both red. I always drive them to the grocery store that my brother owns.", "Nice color. How amazing is that do you get free food or discounts lol?", "Yeah he hooks me up! In return I let him play with my pet dragon."], ["Would you like to see a butterfly painting I recently finished?", "I would love to! Painting butterflies, must take a lot of talent. What color are the butterflies in this painting?", "They're purple and blue. But oh thank you, I actually find them much easier subjects than other creatures. But if I had exotic pets like you I would be painting them all the time. Do you ever do art?", "Oh no, you don't want to see my drawings! But what you said gives me an idea. Could I commission a painting of my bearded dragon and raccoon playing together?", "Oh wow I've never had a commission before but I would love to paint that! Thank you for asking. Do they get along/play together in real life?", "Oh no, not at all, that's why I think it would be so fun to have a painting of them playing together. You can be as creative as you want with it and I get a fun painting. It's a win win!", "Good old artistic license! But sure sounds great! You said you draw though, what do you like drawing? You don't have to show me, but perhaps I could swap my painting for a drawing of my five dogs and three rats?", "I don't think I am any good, I like to doodle here and there, but I keep my drawings to myself. I can sure try to draw your dogs and rats, but you might hate it!", "I'm sure I'll love it. Do you draw animals from your work? If I had your job I would be constantly inspired, it might actually be too much inspiration lol", "That is a really good guess! Many of the animals are so friendly they just let me sit there while they go about their day. I have a lot of doodles from when I am on break. I've thought about sharing them with my colleagues, but they might think it's weird.", "Oh I'm sure they'd love to see them. You should share them! But wow, I'm so jealous. Do you look after any meerkats? I'd love to paint meerkats.", "Why don't we schedule a day for you to come by the zoo? I could take you on a special tour and you could see all the meerkats you want!k"], ["How's work going? Are the meerkats keeping you entertained?", "Works great I love working with the animals, yes they are always very entertaining to watch.", "Maybe I could come see them one day and take some pictures I can create a painting from of them.", "Yeah that would be great you could come and see all the animals here as well. I love drawing the meerkats but i'm sure you could do a better painting of them.", "I could give it a go, maybe I could come one weekend when i'm not studying.", "Yeah that would be great maybe on my day off and we could go together and I could show you around?", "Yeah that would be great a guided tour sounds amazing.", "Ok then I will have to see when I'm off next on the weekend and see if we can arrange something.", "Yeah sounds like a plan I can't wait. I will make sure I get plenty of pictures to paint as well.", "Yeah I think I will get some as well I can practice my drawing at home then.", "Yeah get plenty of practice the more you do the better you will get at it.", "Yeah I'm starting to improve but still have a long way to go. Maybe You could give me a few pointers some time and tell me what you think."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dog. The dog is my best friend.", "I do freelance work related to dogs.", "I live by the ocean.", "I started a new job.", "I develop dog products. I can provide dog product samples. I have access to a variety of dog products. My dog enjoys the products I make. I am empowered to send out free products."], "partner_persona": ["I have a dog. My dog is my best friend. I have a sweet but protective dog. I live in a house. I care for my dogs behavior.", "I'm interested in dog products.", "I like the colors green and purple.", "I live near a park."], "current_conv": ["Did your dog enjoy the product I sent to you?", "Yes! Where can I go leave feedback? On  your website?                                                                                  ", "Yes, that would be great! It's listed on the back of all of the packaging. Please pass around the business cards I sent to anyone you think may be interested as well.", "The toys seem very durable so far. My dog has tried and tried to rip it apart, but it's strong! It's hard for me to find toys my dog doesn't destroy right away. You do good work.", "Like I said, I've been through many test phases, trial & error you know. So, what was your fave, the green or the purple?", "My dog seems to like the purple best, or seem most intent on testing it, at least. I really like the green palm tree though. Do you have those near your beach?", "Most definitely, yes! I love the beach so much, it just evens me out a bit. Do you ever make it to a beach?", "No, I have never seen the ocean except from a plane. We have lots of huge lakes, but I know it's not the same. Maybe I need to plan a trip.", "For sure, you'd probably really enjoy it. Does it get cold where you live?", "Oh, yeah! Frigid. I do like the cold, but it'd be nice to have a beach summer vacation. Quite a difference from my usual scene. I tend to prefer mountains, but I can't say for sure since I haven't actually been to the ocean. What you said about the benefits of salt in the air sounds appealing though.", "I love the mountains too, and they're only like an hour drive from me. It's funny, I can be surfing in the morning and playing in the snow by the afternoon.", "Do you live in California? The Carolinas? I considered North Carolina for work once upon a time but ended up in Nebraska. "], "history_conv": [["Hi, I'm ready for a new career, a new life and meeting new people. What's up?", "Hello nice to meet you.", "I prefer dogs to people to be honest, mine is my best friend.", "Oh that's pretty pathetic I think.", "You sound like an accountant, like I used to be. They are super judgey in general.", "Just kidding my dog is my best friend.", "I'm an entrepreneur now, doing freelance stuff in a dog-related business.", "Oh yeah sounds like you know a lot about me.", "I feel like I have a good sense of who you are.", "Yeah you are some kind of psychic.", "Yeah, it's because of living by the ocean. The salty air helps my intuition.", "Oh wow I didn't know that had the ability."], ["I just worked on a new job with a new dog product.", "That is very cool, what was the product you were working on?", "We're making special thunder jackets for dogs with anxiety issues who live in warm climates. How is your dog's temperament?", "That is such a good cause. My dog is very sweet when in the house and just in general, but he is so protective he barks at anything or anyone that is close to the house, even if he is inside!", "Oh he sounds very nice and cute! Have you ever tried a thunder jacket with him?", "I haven't actually, it sounds great. Do you think it would help him be more calm around other dogs and people that aren't me?", "I think so, it's worked with my dog so well. And at my new job we've been looking at all these studies that show how much they help dogs feel calm and secure in various situations. I definitely recommend!", "I definitely think this is something I would try out. Is there anyway you get a benefit if I purchase it from you or say I'm getting it because you recommended it?", "Oh wow probably thanks for asking! But since we're still in the research and development phase we could probably give you one for free if you'd give us some feedback? What colours suit your dog best? We have heaps of options.", "What? No way! That would be incredible! Do you have any in green or purple?", "Yeah we've got heaps of shades of both! Lime green, forest green etc and then like lilac/ deeper purple versions. We also have green and purple striped if you want both!", "Green and purple stripes would be the best of both worlds! I can't believe you are able to help me so much with this. Thank you!"], ["Have you taken your dog out for walks around the neighborhood?", "Yeah i'm always taking him out for walks, we have a big park near us and he loves to go there.", "Yeah I bet he does my dog likes to go to the park near us as well. He loves playing fetch and with other toys.", "Yeah do you develope your own dog toys that he plays with?", "Some I have yeah and other dog products I have made I have used on him, he is my test subject lol.", "Lol, I bet he loves getting to test all the new things out?", "Yeah some he does but others he's not so keen on depending what it is. If it's a toy he is more than happy, maybe I could send you some samples of stuff to try out?", "Yeah that would be amazing, we would love to try out some of your stuff.", "Ok I will get some sent for you and you can give me some feedback then of what you think.", "Yeah thats fine would love to help you out and give you feedback.", "Thanks that would be very helpful getting some honest feedback of people always helps when developing the products.", "No problems at all, I bet it does help a lot some good feedback."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am taking a degree in teaching. I care about my students education.", "I earn my students trust.", "I want to be a school principal.", "I like to find and fix problems. I focus on the root cause of an issue.", "I teach for exam for coming week.", "I want to relax and keep my calm."], "partner_persona": ["I live near a beach.", "I am moving next week.", "I like the beach. I am fluent in English and Spanish.", "I am in high school. I am a student. I have some bad teachers. I don\u2019t like my principal. He didn't care about students.", "I don't feel respected by teachers.", "I don't like my principal. I don't have a voice as a student.", "I play game and watch movies relax my mind.", "I do like to make art though with paints and pencils.", "I like to hike in the hills. I like to watch the birds. Hiking is best way to get relax."], "current_conv": ["I just take lesson to my students for exam. Some discus about hiking for relaxation.", "Do you still want to be a principal then? I don't like mine. Maybe you could be mine haha", "I do want to be a principal because I care very much about my students' education. What is your favorite part about your school?", "I like art class the most. The rest of it sucks and I feel like I don't need it. My teachers are mean. I love when school is out.", "What do you want to do after high school? Would you like to continue art?", "I am not sure yet. Maybe I will be a lifeguard and move back to the beach on my own. I am sad to be leaving. I do not think I want to go to college.", "Where are you moving to?", "I am moving to the mountains in TN because my father lost his job and we have to go live with family members I have never met.", "That definitely sounds scary, but at least there will be good hiking in the mountains!", "You are right about that I will have a bunch of new beautiful places to see, thanks!", "Of course!! And there will be lots of new birds!", "I will have to buy a new camera to take pics of them all! I can send you some if you want."], "history_conv": [["Hello nice to meet you.", "Hey, just got done walking on the beach, how are you?", "I'm doing okay, how are you.", "Great, just getting ready for a late start at high school. Moving next week!", "Oh that sounds like you are busy.", "Very, haven't had time to go hiking recently.", "Sounds like you have a lot of hobbies.", "I do. Hiking. The beach. Languages. I'm fluent in english and spanish.", "Wow what a well rounded person.", "Thanks! I have my high school language teacher to thank.", "Yeah that's cool I am getting my degree in teaching.", "I'm still in high school, so I hope you turn into a good one!", "Thanks they are important in this world.", "Definitely. I'm still packing for the big move!"], ["How is School today? Do you have Spanish?", "No spanish today! I had english and art and then a really good history lesson.", "Is there anything you don't like about your teachers in school? How they teach, what they teach...anything like that?", "Sure.. I have some pretty bad teachers tbh. The worst ones just want you to rote learn and regurgitate whatever they tell you, they're not interested in debate or new ideas. What sort of teaching style do you think you'll use?", "I am not too sure yet. I want the students to be able to come to me about anything, but I also don't want to be their friend. I am there to guide and to teach. Do you have any suggestions for your teachers to be better?", "It's hard to strike a balance between those two things I think, but I have some teachers who are like that! I think mostly the teachers I have who are bad need to listen to the kids more. It feels like they don't respect young people or believe their ideas are important. Did you always want to be a teacher?", "I have, I'm just not sure what grade I want to teach. My goal is to become a principal one day and have an impact on an entire school", "Oh wow that would be cool! I reckon teaching older kids would be way less stressful but I guess the youngest ones are easier too. Mostly just the in between ages that would be tough haha. Do you have ideas about things you would change if you got to be the principal?", "It would depend on the school I was in, but I would want to talk to the students and see what their problems are because if you have students unhappy with the school in general I don't think you can move forward", "It's true. I have a really bad principal. She just cares about the school", "I think alot of principals just care about the funding, but I think you need to build from the bottom up, not the top down. Got to start with the unhappy students and things will just blossom from there", "Yeah sorry computer issues i mean't to say school's image and money. But yeah I completely agree, I wish she would hold meetings and listen to us. Did you have a good time at high school when you were a student?"], ["I have a teaching exam coming up this week.", "Oh, that\u2019s important. How are you feeling? What are you doing to prepare? I like to study a lot, so I\u2019m always ready for exams but I\u2019m guessing this is different.", "I'm feeling fine, but occasionally think that teaching degrees are too distant from the realities of what teachers and students need on the ground.", "I think you\u2019re right. I have a lot of bad teachers but some are good, too. I\u2019m lucky because I like to put the focus on myself to study hard. I also find to relax and just be a regular high school student, too. I like to play games and watch movies. I think teachers should do the same to keep their sanity.", "I also want to relax and keep my sanity, but there does have to exist at least a bit of putting lipsticks on pigs if I am to be made principal.", "I don\u2019t like my principal because he doesn\u2019t really give us students voices. But I do my best to have fun when I can, like movies and games. What do you like to do to relax?", "Oh, a bit of knitting for the stress, and air guitar on the weekends too.", "That sounds like fun. I have never done any knitting before. I do like to make art though with paints and pencils. I have a full journal of art.", "Knitting is really quite the activity for mental flow and (as Grey's Anatomy once said) finger coordination. I heard you like hiking; where are you thinking of going next?", "I like to hike in the hills around the area and I\u2019ll probably do that again soon. Everything about it is a good way to relax. I like to watch the birds. I like to cook marshmallows over an open fire. And if I decide to camp out with others, I like to tell stories. Have you ever done any hiking?", "Oooh...didn't have too much time for anything beyond a visitor center nature walk.", "You should make time for yourself. I like to set time aside so I can relax when I find myself studying too much. Going hiking and getting away from everything is a perfect opportunity."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have a dress.", "My hair is blue.", "My birthday is next week. I will be turning 29.", "I have a new car.", "I have hair to style.", "I live in indiana. I want to live in California.", "I like going to the beach. I would love to live near the beach.", "I have family. I have a job. I visit family near the coast every couple of years. I recently started running for exercise.", "I don't have a lot of endurance. I prefer to sprint rather than run distance.", "I am looking forward to spring break. I want to visit friends in Europe for Spring Break.  I don't have a lot of money.", "I have never been to Greece. I have been to Italy. I loved Italy."], "partner_persona": ["I have a daughter. Daughter is 5. ", "I live in Cali for 30 years. I'm 30 years old.", "I go to the beach everyday; I live 15 min walk from the beach. Have surfed before, but not good at it. I like sunny weather.", "I love to walk and run by the ocean's water.", "I was in high school track. I have been running since high school. I exercise regularly.", "I don't have plans for spring break. I would love to take a trip to Greece. I love Greek Mythology. I have been to Italy. I love the food in Italy."], "current_conv": ["I think I might go back to Italy instead of Greece for Spring Break. Talking to you about it reminded me how much I love Italy. Do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in Italy?", "That's awesome. Everyone also stereotypes the pizza or meatballs because it's Italy. But I recommend any restaurant that can make a good pasta. That is the key to a successful Italian restaurant. Are you going with your family?", "No, I'm travelling there alone, but I have friends from Europe that are going to meet up with me there. If I remember right, Northern and Southern Italian food are completely different. ", "Yes. While Southern Italian food is driven by the sea, Northern Italian food embraces the land. It really depends on what you prefer. What was your favourite part about Italy?", "The architecture. Seeing things that have been around for a thousand years was pretty amazing. I'm a big history buff, so it really appealed to me.", "Oh that's awesome. Did you major in History at school?", "No, but I took a history class or two before I dropped out. I read a lot about history, though, and watch a lot of documentaries on the History Channel. I guess that only place that would be better to visit to study history would be Greece. ", "Ah fair enough. What kind of history are you into? I really enjoy Greek mythology. I did a case study on Poseidon once.", "Really? I don't even know what a case study is. lol! Is that like a further in-depth study? Wasn't he God of the Sea or something like that?", "Yes, it is essentially a study based on a few accounts from all the way back in that time. I compiled that information and made a study on how he contributed to the aid of Zeus at the time. He is the God of the Sea, Earthquakes, and Horses.", "He's a busy guy! lol! I guess I haven't ever been able to get into Greek mythology because it's just that - mythology. Real historical accounts, people, and ruins have always fascinated me much more.", "Fair enough. I understand what you mean. I like the idea of superhuman powers. And I liked Poseidon because he had a cool trident. Is there any historical event that particularly interested you?"], "history_conv": [["Hi how are you?", "Hi! I am great! Just put the little monster down for a nap. You?", "Just planning for my spring break trip.", "Oh that is nice, do you have a destination in mind?", "No, but somewhere tropical. I just bought a dress for easter.", "Oh that sounds lovely! You should come here to cali, the weather is wonderful now!", "I think I would fit in there, I just changed my hair color to blue.", "That is so fun, do you have any interesting hobbies?", "I dont have much time for hobbies, ill be 29 next week.", "Congrats! I just turned 30 myself. So what made you change your hair blue?", "Im just trying to hold onto the last of my youth.", "Ah people make a stigma about 29 and 30 but you are still young!", "Well my mom just got me a new car, I cant wait to take it out.", "Oh that is sweet of her, what kind of car did she get you?"], ["I'm running late to a hair appointment getting ready for my birthday", "Oh how exciting, what are you getting done to your hair?", "Just a trim! How long have you lived in Cali by the way?", "Oh i'm sure it'll look great. I've been here my whole life so 30 years!", "I hope so. And wow! That's awesome. Do you ever think about moving?", "No I love the weather and beaches here way too much! Where do you live?", "Indiana. Not a fan of the weather! Wish I could move to Cali. Maybe someday. Do you go to the beach often?", "Yes, I go to the beach everyday if I can! My daughter loves to swim and play in the sand", "Now that sounds fun! How old is your daughter?", "She's 5! She's so lucky getting to grow up so close to the beach, we live a fifteen minute walk away. When I was growing up we lived much further away!", "So cute. Definitely lucky! Do you ever surf or anything like that?", "I've tried before but I'm not very good at it! Have you surfed before?"], ["How was the beach today?  Was the weather nice?", "It was great for most of the day, sunny and not too crowded.  My daughter built a big sandcastle.", "Aww that's great. I remember being young and loving the beach. There is endless entertainment paddling in the sea and playing with the sand. I'm so envious that you live near the beach!", "It\u2019s great. I could imagine not being able to go the beach whenever I wanted.  I love walking and running along the water.  Do you ever take trips or vacations  to the beach?", "Luckily I do have some family that live near the coast, so every couple of years I'll spend a couple of nights with them when I get time off work. I've just started trying to run actually, my stamina is terrible at the moment. Have you been running for long?", "That\u2019s nice that you get to go to the coast and visit family at the same time.  I stared running in high school with track.  Now I just do it casually for exercise.  Your stamina will build up quick.", "I hope so, at the moment I feel like I need to stop for a break every few minutes! Naturally I'm more of a sprinter rather than a long distance runner, so I guess I just need to work at it. It's a great exercise to do though. Is running on the sand more difficult?", "Yes it is harder to run on the sand. It takes a lot more energy, but if you run on the sand that the edge of the water where it\u2019s wet and harder, it\u2019s a little easier.  How are your Spring break plans coming?", "Yea that makes sense. Well done for keeping up the running, it must be hard whilst also looking after a little one! My Spring break plans are on pause at the moment, I'm a bit stuck for what to do. I might go and stay with some friends in Europe but that might be an expensive trip! Do you have any trips lined up?", "It might not be too expensive if you have people you can stay with so you don\u2019t have to pay for a hotel.  I don\u2019t have any trips planned but I would love to go to Greece.", "I've never been to Greece before, are you interested in the history? I've heard that there are lots of amazing things to see there. I've only ever been to Italy in Europe but I loved it.", "I love learning about the Greek mythology!  I went to Italy when I was younger.  The food was amazing!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I have my own construction company.", "I like to do karaoke in my free time.", "I have a lot of friends.", "I love The Who.", "I do not usually invest in art. I am a singer. I am not an artist but would like to learn.", "I am employed.", "I enjoy singing karaoke.", "I want to learn how to paint."], "partner_persona": ["I like art. I work as an artist. I am a painter.", "I also have a job with animals.", "I like rock music.", "I spend a lot of time outdoors.", "I like to paint and watch animals. I enjoy petsitting.  I painted a portrait recently. I rent. My friend has 4 pugs.", "My mother is a nurse.", "I am available to teach art after 5:00 pm.", "I enjoy singing karaoke.", "I like the band The Who. I sell my art for an income."], "current_conv": ["I found a karaoke bar that is pet-friendly; especially dogs!", "That's awesome I can bring my friend and her pugs and we will have a blast!", "So what is your favorite song to sing @ Karaoke?", "I love to sing We Will Rock You by Queen, it gets everyone up and moving, how about you?", "Islands in the Stream! It blows my mind how everyone just knows that song.", "I knew it! I will be right up there singing it with you! Afterwards I will have to show you my latest painting.", "Yes, I can't wait to see \"Who\" it is! LMAO  I have to ask, how do you manage 4 dogs?", "I see what you did there hahaha and it really isn't too bad since they are small, but it can be a handful to try to walk them all at once. Cuties though!", "You're a very good friend. I don't think I'd be able to have them with me for that long, I'd get too attached and not want to give them back.", "Haha well thanks, I am just happy to be able to help a friend in need!", "I have a feeling you'll have a new masterpiece soon, a painting of four dogs.", "Haha yes maybe I can paint you sitting with them"], "history_conv": [["Hey hows it going?", "Great.i just finished up some art work.how are you?", "Im good! Art work? Do you like to draw?", "I work as an artist.how about you.", "That sounds like fun! I have my own construction company.", "I also have a job with animals.do you build homes?", "Yes and on my spare time I like to do karaoke.", "Karaoke is fun I listen to rock music.what do you sing?", "I like to sing anything that is played its a fun time to socialize with my friends.", "Do you have a lot of friends.i spend a lot of time outdoors.", "Oh really what do you do outdoors? And yes I do.", "I like to paint out side and watch the animals.", "That sounds very relaxing! Well it was nice getting to know you.", "Same here.i may call my mother she is a nurse."], ["Have you made any new paintings recently?", "I have, but it is kind of silly. It is a portrait of The Who from the 70s. Might be able to sell it to a fan, though! Any chance you are that fan? Hahaha", "I do love The Who, how much would you be selling it for?", "It is on a large canvas (20x30) and took 17 hours to finish, but I would give you a discount. What about $500?", "Ahhh that is a little pricey for me, as I am someone who does not typically invest in art. I hope you can find someone to purchase it though! Maybe we can go sing The Who are karaoke night however!", "Yeah, I know it is not cheap, but I gotta make that green! I would LOVE to do karaoke. I know you have said you are up for anything, but do you usually do classic rock or is there another type of music you prefer to sing?", "I feel you! Go get that money! And I do a little bit of it all. I definitely lean towards classic rock. Queen, ACDC, Journey are my go to. But I can do it all!", "You are speaking my language! I cannot wait to rock out with you!! Are there any dog-friendly bars with karaoke?", "In my area no, but I am sure there is one out there somewhere we can find! Do you have dogs?", "I do not, but I am going to be petsitting for a friend for a few months while she is traveling. I am excited about it!", "That is awesome! What kind of dogs does she have?", "4 pugs! It is kinda ridiculous, but I love her for it. I just hope my landlord doesnt find out!"], ["Do you think you could teach me how to be a better painter? I don't usually do art but I would like to learn from you.", "I would absolutely love to! Let\u2019s see when.....What is your schedule like?", "I am free after work tomorrow.", "That would work. Anytime after 5 is good for me...", "Great. Let's meet at 6 then. Maybe after you teach me, we may go to karaoke together. Would you like that?", "That would be awesome... if (and that\u2019s a big IF lol) we can find a dog friendly bar that is! I\u2019m going to search the net for something...", "I got this, no need for you to search. I know a great place that is dog friendly!", "Oh wow! You rock!! In that case, we\u2019re 100% on for tomorrow! I\u2019m getting excited just thinking about it :)", "Yeay! I cant wait! I need to dust my painter skills and with your help I will be on track soon! Thank you for accepting to help me! I will be sending you the location of the place. You will love it. It belongs to one of my friends.", "I\u2019m sure I\u2019ll love it ... thanks! Yup, you just bring your painter skills and enthusiasm coz I have plenty of supplies! You can also take a look at the portrait I just completed.", "I would love it! Am I going to be the first person to see your latest portrait?", "Yes indeed, and it\u2019s the one of The Who that you were interested in. I know the initial offer was a bit pricey for you but maybe we can work something out ;)"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I live in Arizona. I love to go skydiving. My favorite store is barnes and noble.", "I am a government official. I have a lizard named gabby. I like to created playgrounds for my lizard.", "I enjoy spending time with my family.", "I have 2 nieces and 3 nephews.", "\"Clueless\" is one of my favorite movies.My favorite genres are action and mysteries.  I also like cop shows. I like to read."], "partner_persona": ["I prefer movies to books. I love punk music. I love to cruise around.", "I am a part time employee at a storage warehouse.", "I own a Subaru. I take photos.", "I am an only child.", "I watch a lot of movies. My favorite movie is 'Clueless'. I love comedies and romantic comedies the best. I have read Tori Spelling's tell all book recently."], "current_conv": ["I read the Tori Spelling novel you told me about!", "Awesome! What did you think of it?", "I thought it was really good. Thanks for recommending it. You also said you watch a lot of movies. Can you recommend a good movie to me too?", "Well, I've been watching a lot of romantic comedies lately. We should watch a couple the next time we have a movie night! I also wanted to ask, are there any cop shows you'd recommend? I'd like to try watching them too.", "I would recommend Manifest and Line of Duty for cop shows. Do you have any romantic comedies you would recommend?", "I'll add them to my list! Actually, you're going to love this. They remade our favorite, \"Clueless\"! And it actually looks really funny!", "That's great news! I'd love to see a remake of the movie both you and I love, especially a funny one!  To change the subject a little bit, I'm thinking about buying a new car. Have you had any repair problems with your Subaru?", "So far, I love my Subaru! I haven't had any problems with it, even when I go off-road to take pictures. I'd recommend one for sure.", "I will definitely go to the Subaru dealership to check those out. I have head really good things about Subarus from other people too. I went to a Volvo meet last weekend and test-drove an electric car. It was a thrill for me to do that, the car was so luxurious. But I could never afford it. Subarus are more in my price range. Does yours have a smooth ride to it or does it take road imperfections hard?", "It's been really smooth, and I go pretty far off road to take pictures. It also has a lot more room than those electric cars, so you'll have plenty of room for more family trips with your neices and nephews. I'd love to invest in an electric car in the future, but for now I'm right there with you. Subarus are a lot more affordable.", "That's a good point you make about needing plenty of room for my nieces and nephews. I drive them all over the place in AZ. Of course, I don't have to worry so much about snow and ice being hard on my car in AZ. Where do you live and do you have to worry about winters being hard on your Subaru?", "I'm farther east, and we definitely get hit with the ice and snow up here. It's hard on cars but I've learned how to care for my Subaru. For example, I buy snow tires every year. And driving around Arizona with the family sounds like so much fun!"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "I am well, how are you? Tell me about yourself.", "I am great. Residing in arizona, skydiving is awesome, barnes and noble is my favorite, you?", "I like movies over books, love punk music and just love to cruise around!", "I am a government official in spare time I play with gabby my lizard. Hows cruising?", "Nice, I'm a part time employee at a warehouse. Cruising is fun.", "How the warehouse job? You like it?", "It's okay, just part time work. Best part is lunch, lots of pizza of burgers.", "Oh ok. Not the healthiest choices but those are my favorite lol. What else is going on?", "Not much, the usual. I watch movies a lot in my spare time.", "Movies are always awesome. I enjoy family time as well whenever I can get it.", "Same here. What do you like to do with your family?"], ["Did you get a chance to cruise around?", "I sure did! Took my Subaru up to the mountains! Got some great photos!", "That's awesome! You will have to share the photos with me next time I see you. Did you run into any wildlife?", "Yes! I saw a turtle stuck in the mud, so I had to stop my awesome cruising to help him out. I have photos of him too. I will definitely share them with you.", "OH wow! I hope the turtle was okay! That was very kind of you. I thought about getting a turtle as a friend for my lizard, but I would never take one from the wild.", "I think he was fine. Just needed a little push. Do you think Gabby needs a friend?", "I think it would be nice for her to have a playmate. I like to create playgrounds out of recycled bottles for her to play on", "That is so cute and lovely! How often do you get to do that? I feel like your job probably takes up much of your time.", "Usually on weekends. My nieces and nephews love to help me out when they come over for Sunday dinner.", "This gets cuter and cuter. How many nieces and nephews do you have?", "2 nieces and 3 nephews! They are quite a wild bunch when we all get together. Do you have any?", "Wow! That sounds like a great way to spend your weekends. I do not have any. I am an only child."], ["What is your favorite movie to watch?", "My favorite is Clueless. The fashion is so fun! Have you seen it?", "Yes I have and it is one of my favorites as well. What's your favorite type of movie?", "Alicia Silverstone was the perfect Cher. I love comedies and rom coms the most. You?", "I think my favorites are action and mysteries. I also like drama like cop shows.", "I heard they might cancel COPS. That would be sad. It is such a classic.", "Really? That would be awful. I can't believe some of the crazy things that happen on that show. Have you read any books yet this year?", "I read Tori Spelling's tell all. IT was really juciy!", "oh cool, I know you're not a big fan on reading but that's something at least. I will have to read it now.", "It was actually quite interesting! Who knew she was so fascinating?!", "I bet! What kind of warehouse do you work at?", "We do personal storage. Not very exciting!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am a car salesman.", "I am from California. I like to garden.", "I like mystery novels.", "My mom is a police officer.", "I like 5 finger death punch.", "I have brown hair and brown eyes.", "I cook. I grow vegetables. I have a vegetable garden.  I had a great crop of Kale last year.", "I like action movies, Kung Fu movies, and Bollywood movies. I like movies with music and dancing. I like the movie Prince with Shammi Kapoor. I like Agatha Christie. I also like science fiction.", "I like modern pop and fast-paced Bollywood music.", "I like some of the old kung-fu movies."], "partner_persona": ["I have a smart car.", "I am from up north. I would like to retire in CA by the beach.", "I lived in Alaska for 3 years. I read a lot.", "My parents were Vikings.", "I have blond hair and blue eyes.", "I like to go to shows.", "I cook. I like to eat vegetables.", "I like live plays. I like action movies. I've never watched a Bollywood movie.", "I like rock music, especially old rock.  Some of my favorite bands are Mtallica, Pantera, and Aerosmith.  I also enjoy the Eagles, the Beatles and the Stones.", "I do not like Agatha Christie.  Although I do like to read I don't like mystery novels, I prefer sciene-fiction and dramatic stories. I like reading, but I prefer to watch movies."], "current_conv": ["Let me tell you about this fantastic Kung fu movie I saw recently.", "Please do I can't wait to hear it! ", "i have watched the movie \"the kung fu master recently. did you watched it yet?", "I have it is one of my favs. What is your favorite part?", "i loved all the scenes of bruce lee. he is an undeniable and charmingly compelling performer. what do you think about him?", "He was the absolute master! What is your fav Bollywood movie, I still have not seen one!", "i dont watch much of bollywood movies. but my favorite is rang de basanti. it is an absolutely briiliant movie.", "What is it mostly about? I thought you did since they have a lot of singing and dancing.", "the film sails from funny and happy going to serious patriotic so subtly you almost don't feel the change.", "That is much different from Agatha Christie that is for sure, I know you love her but I just do not get it.", "i like it because it tries to bring certain elements in the freedom struggle.", "Well I am about to make some yummy chicken lo mein for dinner."], "history_conv": [["Hello! How are you?", "Hi! Im well, you?", "Great. Just got home from where I work as a car salesman.", "Oh neat. I have a smart car. Its small but I love it! Where are you from?", "I am from california! In my spare time I enjoy gardening.", "Id love to live in ca by the beach when I retire. We're from up north.", "Do you like to read? I love mystery novels.", "I started reading a lot while I lived in alaska. It was a long 3 years.", "I think I like them because my mom was a police officer.", "That makes sense. My parents were vikings. Like I said, they were northerners!", "Thats great! What kind of music do you like? My fav is 5 finger death punch.", "Im blonde with blue eyes so I look sweet but I love to rock out! Nin \\m/.", "Thats great! My hair is brown and I have brown eyes.", "You sound like a really fun person. Id go to a show with you!"], ["I sold several cars at work today. One was a smart car.", "I love my smart car, I'm sure whoever you sold it to is very happy with their choice! What other cars did you sell?", "I sold one Honda Fit, 2 Toyota Corolla, 2 Camry, one GM Spark and one pickup F-150. It is one of my best days.", "Whoa! The commission on that has got to be huge! How are you celebrating the big day?", "I cook myself a nice meal with a spider steak that I just bought and come vegetables that I have gown. And you, what will you cook today ?", "Not sure, I'm thinking about Salmon and broccoli, but if I had a big day like that I would look for a show coming to town and pick up tickets right away!", "I did not think about going out, but it is a great idea, what type of show do you like ? I like movies.", "If there aren't any live shows like plays coming to town anytime soon then I would definitely go see a movie. I really like action movies, fight sequences are so fun. What kind of movies do you like?", "I like action movies, mostly Kung Fu movies. But lately, I am watching Bollywood movies.", "Very cool, I haven't seen any bollywood movies, are there any that you recommend?", "They can be long, a lot of them are around 3 hours, but I like the music and the dances. Prince with Shammi Kapoor is good, but a little corny. Some made in the 90s have dance number that rival Hollywood.", "Is that so,, I'm going to have to try and look that up and check it out. I have so much respect for people that can dance like that"], ["What is your favorite rock band?", "It\u2019s hard for me to pick a favorite. I\u2019m a fan of Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, Aerosmith. I like old rock bands, too, like the Beatles, Stones, and Eagles. I guess I like all kinds of rock music. You never told me what kind of music you like. What are you into?", "Well I do have a soft spot for fast-paced Bollywood music (most of the songs from Lagaan, at least), and also like modern pop (like Maroon 5).", "I can see that since that\u2019s really popular music. Sometimes the best song is the one you can just relax to. What do you like to do to relax besides watching movies and cooking?", "I garden, with my particular specialty being vegetables. What a kale crop I had last year!", "Oh, that\u2019s right! You like to grow vegetables. I love to eat vegetables, so I guess we have that in common. If I had the time, I would take up gardening.  Maybe you could give me some tips anyway.", "Keep good track of the growing seasons for particular veggies, and make sure to replace at least 1/3 of the soil (if using potting mix) after each season! Also, I remember you like reading; why not take Agatha Christie up a try?", "I remember you telling me you like her but I never liked her. I don\u2019t like mystery novels nearly as much as you. I do like reading though. I enjoy dramatic stories. I also like science-fiction and fantasy. Do you like any other genres besides mystery?", "Sci fi generally strikes my fancy and keeps my interest. Brave New World and the Rama series are great.", "Those are some of my favorites, too. I like reading but I would rather spend my time watching movies to relax. If you had to choose between the two, which would you pick?", "Watching movies, honestly, if at least for the fact that I have that hustle mojo as a car salesman. Who can disagree with Skiptrace, if not the old Shaw Brothers kung fu movies?", "I see what you\u2019re saying. You can learn a lot from watching movies. Sometimes I like to recite dialogue and use it in everyday conversation. It makes talking to people fun and I like doing it more than I did when I was younger now."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love steak.", "I love the singer, Charlie Parker.", "I want to buy a new car. I do not have a car.", "I once worked for Cisco.", "I'm a professional snowboarder. I compete for snowboarding in the winter. I skateboard during the spring and summer. My main job is giving snowboarding lessons at Killington Mountain in Vermont. I live in Vermont. I travel for snowboarding. I have been to Canada.  I enjoy my job.", "I have roller skated.", "I do not have summer plans. I enjoy winter. I have a girlfriend.", "Balance is important to me. I love to be outside."], "partner_persona": ["I'm a vegan. I have two dogs and a cat.", "I volunteer at a local garden.", "I'm a student at community college. I'm studying to be a nurse.", "I drive an SUV. I do not know much about cars. My first car was a Ford Fiesta. I have a sister.", "I have terrible balance. I broke my wrist roller skating as a child.", " I worked in a coffee shop previously.", "I do not have summer plans yet."], "current_conv": ["How have your studies been going lately? Have you thought about summer plans to take a break from all the studying?", "My studies have been going well, its a bit of a challenge at times and very intensive, but I manage. I haven't decided on summer plans, maybe I", "I think you should. It's important to get enough rest and enjoy life sometimes so you don't get burned out.", "That is true, I feel that I will be at my wits end if I don't relax. Perhaps I should meet up with friends and family, and go somewhere nice where we can all hand out during this summer.", "That sounds like a great idea! Where do you think you might all go?", "I really enjoy going to the beach, so maybe I can ask my friends and family if they can join me in going to one. We can even have seafood afterwards, I normally don't get a chance to do so.", "That sounds fun, I love the beach too! There's nothing quite like fresh caught seafood straight from the surf... When does your summer break start?", "I still have about two weeks left until summer break, so I am in the middle of finishing my classes. I am really working hard on studying so I can take my finals, I don't want to do badly on them by neglecting to study.", "Well, I sure hope you're not neglecting your studies right now to have this chat with me. I wouldn't want to be a bad influence on you.", "Its no problem, I still need to take a break now and then, I try to study the content every day so it sticks. Many nurses tend to cram a lot of content in a given time, some before exams which ends up being very exhausting and not very effective. I need to study bit by bit to really learn the content.", "I agree, cramming for tests is unhealthy and relatively ineffective because you don't have time to truly digest the information. on the other hand if you spread it out too much, you also risk forgetting some things.", "Its definitely a balance that has to be carefully done for your education. How about yourself, do you have any ideas what you want to do this summer?"], "history_conv": [["Hi! Tell me about yourself. I'm a professional showboarder.", "I'm a vegan. Two dogs and a cat. Student at community college.", "Interesting. Unfortunately, I love food, especially steak!", "It works for me. I volunteer at a local garden in my community, so lots of veggies.", "So good for you. Do you have any fav. Singers. I love charlie parker.", "Not much time for music. Studying hard to be a nurse.", "Honorable! I'm in the market for a new car. Any recommendations?", "I drive a little suv so I have room for my dogs and cat.", "I just need room for my snowboard..", "That sounds fun! Hopefully I have more time for that stuff when I done with community college.", "You'll make a great nurse. I used to work at cisco. Ever heard of it?", "Well, I see the name on routers and stuff at college."], ["How's studying to become a nurse coming along?", "I'm finding it very challenging.  I like the work and it's rewarding when I finally understand it, but it's just a lot of stuff to know and think about.", "I bet it is. I feel the same way about snowboarding. It took me a lot of hard work, grinding, and dedication, but it's worth it now that I have a pro career.", "Do you have any competitions coming up?", "No, not until winter, but during the spring and summer, I skateboard, which is quite similar. Also, without a car, it helps me to get around.", "Do you do a lot of traveling for snowboarding competitions?  I bet there are competitions all over the world.  North America, Europe, Asia.  Do you get to see a lot of neat places?", "For my main job, I give snowboarding lessons at Killington Mountain here in Vermont. I do travel up and down the East Coast for snowboarding competitions, too. I've been snowboarding in Canada but never any other foreign countries like Switzerland for example. Have you ever tried skiing or snowboarding?", "I never have!  I think it looks very exciting but I have terrible balance.  I broke my wrist roller skating as a child!", "That sounds painful. I've had some bad rollerblading falls in my day. So, will you be getting out of college soon for the summer?", "Yes, finals are coming up soon.  I'm sweating those but it will be good to get them over with.  Then I need to start thinking about getting a summer job.", "I hope you do well on the exams. What kind of job are you looking for? Could you do any work involving gardening?", "I think I'll keep volunteering at the local garden but do something different for gainful employment.  Last summer I worked in a coffee shop.  This summer I'd like to do something less hectic."], ["I looked into buying a used car today. Hopefully I can find one I like soon so I don't have to skatebaord everywhere.", "Yea, skateboarding must be fun but it isn't great if you have to do it all the time, in all weather!! What kind of car do you think you might get?", "I am really wanting to get a Toyota Corolla. I've heard they are great cars because they are inexpensive and reliable. Do you have any other suggestions?", "I've just looked up a Toyota Corolla to see what it looks like; they look quite slick and stylish. The design on the lights at the front is quite unique too. What color do you think you'll get? I don't have much advice I'm afraid, my first car was a very old Ford Fiesta. My sister knows more about cars and advised me with the SUV I currently have!", "I don't care about the color that much, I suppose I would like to have a red one, but I will stick with whichever one I can get the best deal on.", "Yea that's true, the most important thing is getting the best deal you can. Having a car gives you so much more freedom, and the abliity to have road trips! Do you have any holidays booked for summer?", "Not yet. I love winter sports, but obviously I can't do much of those in the Summer. My girlfriend really wants to be on a beach at some point this summer, so we might take a trip to the coast at some point.", "That would be nice to get to the coast. I'm hoping that I manage to get a break from studying... I didn't expect learning to be a nurse was going to be easy, but the training is a lot more intense than I was expecting! If I get to go away I'll probably head to the coast too, as I love relaxing on the beach.", "Yeah, your studies are very important, but you have to give yourself a break every now and then. It is important to have some time to yourself so you can recharge and prevent burnout. You deserve to take some time off every now and then.", "You're right, otherwise I might burn out! I'm quite envious that you are able to relax a bit more in the summer before your snowboarding job in the winter, though I assume that in wintertime you are realyl busy and it must be physically exhausting snowboarding all the time?", "We do get pretty busy, and yes it's tiring, but it's great exercise. Snowboarding is my passion, so I love being outside and sharing that with other people. I would not trade my job for anything else.", "I'm so glad you've found a job you love so much (and are also so good at!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I hike. I have a dog. I like to spend time with animals. I like most outdoor activities.", "I think the leaves are amazing in the fall. My favorite season is fall.", "I like all types of food. I am picky on what coffee I drink.", "I have never been to Coronado beach. I like beaches along the gulf coast.", "I enjoy watching baseball games. I like to fish. I like to hike. I went camping recently. I don't know if I like camping. I went camping a few weeks ago.", "I have a chocolate brown Labrador."], "partner_persona": ["I have five grandchildren and they love dogs.", "I love music. I listen to Journey and Styx.", "I also like being outside but mostly during the fall.", "I love Mediterranean food. I mostly eat out at restaurants.", "I have had a pet. I do not have a dog.", "I like Coronado Beach.", "I like camping. I like fishing. I like hiking."], "current_conv": ["I've decided to go to Colorado on a hike.", "That sounds lovely! Will you be going with anybody else and do you think you'll try camping again?", "I'm going alone this time. yes, I'll probably take my tent and find a nice campground in the woods. have you ever been hiking in Colorado?", "I have not been hiking there but I've seen pictures and it looks gorgeous. I'd love to visit in the fall sometime, maybe next year. Where in Colorado will you be and will you take your Labrador with you?", "You really should try it. Pictures don't do it justice since they can't convey how consistently nice the weather usually is. even when it's hot, it's usually dry, so pretty comfortable and cool in the shade. I'll probably head north of Denver towards the Ft. Collins area. I haven't decided if i should bring my dog because i'm sure she'd like the forest, but not so sure she'd like the long car ride.  ", "Well it sounds really great. Be safe and have an amazing time! I've been thinking by the way that I might finally get a dog, given how much my grandkids love them. Any dog breed you'd recommend? Labradors, obviously, haha, but any others?", "Thanks, I'll keep you posted on my plans. That's fantastic, i think you should! There's a lot to love about Labradors, but Retrievers are also great. If you can handle a higher maintenance breed, Jack Russell Terriers are full of life and personality.", "Hm, I think I'll take a lower maintenance breed these days probably. Ah, I've heard that Retrievers can be great companions too. I'll look into both breeds and keep you posted. Which reminds me -- I went to a coffee shop that was dog-friendly the other day. Very high-end coffee and cold brews, etc. I bet you'd love it. ", "understandable, Jack Russel's can also be a bit more aggressive, but all three breeds are pretty great with kids! That sounds like a great coffee shop indeed. wouldn't mind meeting a new friend over some fresh roasted Colombian, while me dog meets a new friend too!", "Yes, I'll definitely be back once we have our new member of the family! I think I had some Colombian coffee while I was there -- It was strong but delicious. I was torn between that and a French roast. Do you have a favorite kind of coffee bean?", "That's exciting, do keep me posted if you decide on a breed! Honestly my tastes in coffee tend to change a lot. I like to experiment. Lately I've even been using my French press to steep loose leaf, Earl Grey tea, which is just lovely.", "Very interesting -- Yes, I had a big tea kick several years ago and thought Earl Grey could just about compete with my morning coffee. Almost, but not quite, so I'm back with my two cups in the morning. I have been experimenting with some herbal teas later in the day since I like to sip something warm but the caffeine will keep me awake. Do you also drink herbal teas?"], "history_conv": [["Hey how are you doin today?", "Great, how about you? Thinking about heading to the beach today.", "Oh that sounds fun! I just got back from a hike with my dog, chip.", "Nice, my five grandchildren love dogs.", "Five grandkids, jeez that must be crazy on the holidays. Any hobbies?", "I love music, I mostly listen to journey and styx. What about you?", "Spending time with animals and most outdoor activities, I love just being out in nature.", "Same, but I mostly like being outside in the fall.", "Fall is a wonderful time of the year, the leaves look amazing then!", "I agree. What is your favorite type of food?", "I love any type of food! I am only picky on what coffee I drink. You?", "I love mediterranean food it's delicious. I can't get enough..", "Oh nice! Do you cook any of it yourself, or just go out?", "I mostly eat out at restaurants. What about you?"], ["I just got back from the vet, my dog needed his annual vaccine shots.", "Oh poor baby. I hope it didn't take to much out of him. I know they need their shots so they can stay healthy but I always feel bad afterwards.", "Yes i feel bad afterwards too, but at least I know he will be healthy.  I never feel like I am doing enough for him though with all the new foods and toys out there.", "I'm sure you're a good dog parent. My grandkids would love it if I would adopt a dog but we are not ready for that yet. We are planning on going to the beach this afternoon as the weather is so nice.", "That sounds fun.  What beach do you go to?", "Coronado beach is one of my favorites. Have you ever been?", "No, Ive never been to Coronado beach.  I like the beaches along the gulf coast.  Do you enjoy frolicking in the ocean?", "I do but mostly I enjoy just being outside. I especially like the fall season when the trees and bushes start to change color. The weather is much nicer in the fall as well.", "Yes, the fall is my favorite season by far.  I love the mild temperatures and the changing colors in nature.", "What sort of outdoor activities do you like?", "I enjoy watching baseball games, fishing, and hiking.  I just recently went camping for the first time however I am not sure if its something I will do again in the future.", "Ha ... camping is one of the things that you either love or hate. I personally like camping and try to do it as much as possible. I also like to fish and hike. Do you have a favorite spot for hiking?"], ["Have you gone camping recently?", "Not recently but we are planning to go back to Coronado beach next month. I can't wait. It is one of my favorite places and the grandkids like it too. What about you? Have you been camping or hiking lately?", "Yes, I just went a couple weeks ago.  It was so relaxing.  I\u2019ll have to look into going to Coronado beach sometime. What is your favorite thing to do when camping?.", "I mostly just like being outdoors. I love the scenery and the clean air.", "The scenery is the best, especially in the fall when the leaves change.  Do your grand kids like to roast marshmallows over the fire?", "Oh absolutely. That's one of their fun things to do when camping. Yes I agree, the changing leaves and cooler temperatures make fall the best time to camp and hike. Do you take your dog with you when you hike?", "Yeah he loves going on hikes.", "We used to have a dog and I know the grandkids would love it if we got another one but I'm not sure if I'm ready.", "Dogs are a ton of work so you definitely need to make sure your ready for one again.  But they do make the companions.  If you were to get one, what kind would you get?", "I would go to the rescue and see what they had. I would prefer a medium to small dog though. What kind of dog do you have?", "I have a chocolate lab who thinks he\u2019s a small dog and always wants to lay on my lap.", "Ha, that's so cute. I bet he's sweet. Have you been to any good restaurants lately? We eat out often so I'm always looking for something new to try."]]}
{"your_persona": ["I am Latina. I have brown hair. I like caring for people.", "I am a family oriented person. I love my mother.", "I love the band Five Finger Death Punch. I have never seen Five Finger Death Punch live.", "I don't like gardening. I like flowers and butterflies.", "I would like to go to Europe.", "I saw Muse live a long time ago.", "My local radio only plays country music.", "I live near Columbus, Indiana,.", "I enjoy live music.I am a fan of Nirvana.", "I own a Honda hatchback. I may need a new car soon."], "partner_persona": ["I love murder mystery novels.", "I love the band Five Finger Death Punch. I have never seen Five Finger Death Punch live.", "I like to garden. I like flowers and butterflies.", "I trust Andy James. I would like to go to Europe. I can't afford a trip to Europe right now.", "I saw Disturbed live a few years ago. I won tickets on the radio.", "I live in the midwest. My favorite radio stations is WSTB 88.9 The AlterNation.", "I live near Columbus, Ohio.", "I have seen Five Finger Death Punch perform live. I have a Five Finger Death Punch tee-shirt. I enjoy live music. I am a fan of David Bowie.", "I sell cars for a living. I consider Honda hatchbacks to be reliable cars."], "current_conv": ["I just went to get gas and the handle to my car door fell off when I got home. I need a new car.", "Oh no! I usually love the Honda hatchbacks because they are so reliable! I know that you are interested in buying a new car soon. Let me know if you need help with that! I'm sure my dealership would have cars you would like. ", "THANK YOU!!! I would appreciate that so much.  What kind of car do you recommend? ", "I love the Honda hatchbacks! They are very reliable! The new honda is alot stronger and durable than the old oens", "I will have to come see you soon at the car lot then. I will wear my new Five Finger Death Punch shirt. ", "That would be awesome! If i didn't have a uniform at work I would wear mine all the time. I love them!", "That would be a great sales technique I would think.  I heard they will be coming to town soon. Are you going to get tickets?", " Hopefully! I just have to make sure I don't have to work. How about you? Did you get tickets? I know last time we talked you had mentioned that yoou have never seen them live", "YUP!! I stayed up all night just to be able to buy them online the moment they went on sale.  I really hope to be going to the concert in my new car.  ", "That would be the most exciting experience! New car and first time seeing your favorite band! The new Hondas have bluetooth so you could connect your phone and play your own music on the way to the concert instead of listening to country!", "OMG!! That is so cool!  I'm sold!!! Do you work this weekend?  ", "I actually have this weekend off! I can't wait to just sit and read one of my books. Have you even read any murder mystery novels?"], "history_conv": [["Hello how are you today?", "I am well. I sell cars and you?", "Great, I am great. Browned haired latina, thats loves healing people.", "That is awesome I love murder mystery novels.", "Great. I adore family especially my mother she helps special needs patients at work..", "Oh your mother sounds lovely,mine was a police officer.", "Oh thank her for that its a hard job to do. She is lovely thanks.", "What kind of music do you like?i love 5 finger death punch.", "Really that is crazy I enjoy them too. Looks like we have something in common lol.", "Yep that is awesome. Do you also like to garden?", "I enjoy flowers and butterflies. Not so much gardening.", "Both flowers and butterflies are fun but I understand."], ["Have you ever seen Five Finger Death Punch live?", "Unfortunately no, have you had a chance to see them live?", "Me neither, I wonder if they have the same energy as in their beginnings and the departure of Jason Hook.", "I trust Andy James to carry the torch. I saw that they're headed to Europe this summer - seeing them live combined with a trip to Europe would be a dream come true.", "That would be a great idea ! How much do you think the trip will cost ?", "I'm sure that it's probably way to much for me right now, but maybe in a few years I'll be in a better place financially. What was the last band that you saw live?", "It was a long time ago, it think it was Muse. And you ?", "Mine was Disturbed a few years ago; I actually won tickets on the radio - it was so exciting!", "What was the station ? I wish there was station like that where I live. They only play country here.", "Where are you from? I'm in the midwest and we have a ton of altrock stations. My favorite is WSTB 88.9 The AlterNation.", "I live near Columbus, Indiana. But I will listen to WSTB on the net. Thanks a lot !", "What a coincidence! I live near Columbus, Ohio!"], ["My mother and I rode into Columbus today. I saw a cool Five Finger Death Punch shirt.", "Awesome! I could do with another of their tshirts... I might see if I can get one next time I see them live. Do you have any plans to go to any music gigs soon?", "Not at the moment.  I need to look at the summer concert calendar and figure something out.  How about you?  Do you have anything on your radar?", "No, I haven't got anything booked yet. I should really start looking as I haven't been to a gig in ages. There's nothing quite like live music!", "I agree.  It's such an incredible experience to be in a big crowd with everyone enjoying the same music.  What was the first concert you ever went to?  I think mine was a Raffi concert at a fair.", "Yea, the crowd atmosphere is just amazing! Was Raffi good? The first concert I ever went to was when I was very young and it was something my parents liked, so I can't even remember what it was. One artist I always wish I had seen is David Bowie. Is there any music artist you wish you could have seen before they passed away?", "Oh, wow, that's a good question.  I suppose I would have liked to see Kurt Cobain play with Nirvana.  That would have been cool.  And yes, as a five-year-old I loved Raffy!", "Yea that's a great answer, I think a Nirvana concert would have been amazing. Kurt Cobain died really young didn't he... there are so many famous people who lose their lives early, it's such a shame. I'm glad you loved the concert as a little one!", "For sure.  So how have car sales been for you recently?", "It's been alright actually, not loads but there's a steady stream. More people are wanting SUVs at the moment, as it seems they want something they can go on adventurous road trips with. Do you own a car?", "Yes, I have a little Honda hatchback.  It's pretty old and beat up at this point.  When I'm looking for a replacement maybe you can help me find something.", "Yea for sure, I can give you advice even if we don't have the right kind of car in stock for you. Honda hatchbacks are great reliable cars; good choice!"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I enjoy watching baseball.", "I sometimes cook lasagna.", "My job is driving a dump truck. I like my job.", "I enjoy fishing.", "My home region is New England.", "I flipped my dump truck up today.  I was not fired as a result of the accident. I was not injured in the accident. I have never had a problem at work before. I have worked at my job a couple of years. I am flustered. I am waiting to be called in by my boss.", "I don't know what other job I might like. I do not want to work in sales. I might like to work in construction. I am afraid I won't be able to get another job driving a vehicle.", "I like watercolor paintings."], "partner_persona": ["I make music.", "I paint pictures and sell them. I do not have a boss.", "I like to live within my finacial means.", "I don't like to fish. I like eating fish. I like fish stew.", "I like to paint outdoors. I paint watercolors and oil paintings. I have a conservative painting style.", "I enjoy talking to people. I like the freedom of not having a boss."], "current_conv": ["Since you paint outdoors, does that mean your paintings are mostly landscapes?", "Most times I do paint landscapes, but periodically I'll do portrait commissions. Have you ever considered painting with your watercolors more?", "I need to. It really helps during stressful times like I am experiencing now.", "Yeah, I remember you mentioning the crash. I'm just happy you're okay! Did you talk to your boss about it yet?", "Not yet. He is making me sweat it out! I am so nervous!", "Yeah, my gosh. You'd think he'd want to get the conversation over with! Are you planning on staying in the driving business or have you looked into other lines of work?", "I talked to me neighbor about getting a job. He owns a construction company and said he will try to help me out. Fingers crossed that works!", "I'll keep you in my thoughts! Hopefully you get the job & won't have as many stressors.", "In the meantime, I will get back to painting. It is so peaceful and a great way to release your emotions.", "We should get together and paint! I'm free this weekend, if you want to catch a break.", "Let's do it! I will make some lasagna and bring it to feast on!", "Sounds lovely! I can make some fish stew, if you want. We can have a nice little potluck."], "history_conv": [["Hi there. How is your day? I'm relaxing watching baseball.", "Hey my day is fine, im just making music.", "That is cool! Sounds better than making lasagna, like me!", "I love lasagna! But I just paint dont do cooking.", "Good skill to have! I work as a dump truck driver and like my job.", "Thats great I dont want to have a boss thats why I paint.", "I can appreciate that way of thinking! Any hobbies?.", "No, just my music and art, and living within my means.", "That is the good life. It reminds me of my favorite fishing spot.", "Where do you like to fish at?", "My homeland is new england but I will fish anywhere. What about you?", "I dont really like fish I just like to eat it!", "Now that would be a special one of a kind recipe!.", "I like to eat stew fish or fish stew.", "Okay, that is better than my idea of fish lasagna. Gross!.", "I never heard of that! But it was nice chatting with you!"], ["I was dumping too heavy of a load today and my truck did a full-on \"wheelie\" and stayed that way. Both its front tires were completely up in the air, and I had to wait for someone to bring a ladder so I could climb down out of the cab. I hope I don't get fired.", "Oh wow that sounds horrifying!  Were you scared?", "It was really scary because nothing like that has happened before so I did not know what to do. I really hope I don't get in too much trouble for this", "Hopefully your boss will understand.  Just explain how you will be more careful in the future.  How long have you had this job?", "Its been a couple years so that's part of the reason I don't get it. I did the same things I always do!", "Well if you have a clean record at work I think your boss will understand and give you a second chance.  On the off chance you do get fired, do you have any other jobs in mind you might pursue?", "I have no idea, the only thing I can think of is things I really don't like, like sales", "Perhaps you could do something in the construction field, that doesnt have to do with operating vehicles?", "I mean that is possible, but who would trust me with anything after something like this happened?", "Dont be too hard on yourself, everyone deserves a second chance.  There will be a job out there somewhere for you, I am certain!", "I really appreciate the positive attitude, this whole thing has me flustered and I'm just waiting for them to call me in", "Well take a deep breath and try to get your thoughts straight on what you are going to say.  Being prepared will ease your mind a bit."], ["My boss decided to give me another chance since this was my first accident at work. I am so relieved.", "So happy to hear that too! I hope your boss doesn't end up like the pointy-haired one from Dilbert!", "Haha no he's not, thank god. I feel so lucky to still be in my job, but it really was an accident and to be honest the fact I'm not injured is a miracle! But anyway, how is art life going? Have you sold any paintings recently?", "It's not going the best; I've only sold three quick-and-cheap paintings in a week. But I don't overspend, so I'm taking it quite easy.", "Well done for selling three though, that's certainly better than nothing! I don't think I've ever asked you what kind of things you like to paint?", "I'm a plein air kind of person. Love watercolors and oil painting equally, but apart from that quite conservative in style. About your boss, how's his personality?", "I always find watercolor paintings so calming to look at, there's something really delicate about them. Well I hope sales pick up soon. So my boss is one of those people who comes across as a tough guy until you get to know him a bit better. Then you get to see his sense of humor and realise he's quite down to earth. Do you like not having a boss?", "Ehh...now that you mention it, I like the freedom, but in a sense dislike having no one to talk to. (But I do live within my means, so self employment isn't too nerve racking)"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I think movies are okay. I prefer the book versions of movies. I love to read.", "I like pizza. I like burgers.", "My taste in music is eclectic. I listen to music at work. I don't listen to punk music. I have a wide variety of musical taste.", "I fix computers for people. My work requires me to travel. My customers appreciate me.", "I like pizza with lots of toppings.", "I am interested in taking a cruise. I am worried about getting seasick. I have only been seasick once. I was on a boat when I got seasick.", "I went deep sea fishing when I was young."], "partner_persona": ["I love movies. I enjoy soundtracks.", "I love eating pizza. I love eating burgers. I love junk food.", "I prefer mostly punk music. I don't listen to classical music.", "I work part time. I work at a warehouse.", "I like to go cruising. I went on a cruise two years ago. I will go an another cruise next year. I went to the Caribbean on my last cruise. I want to go to Alaska next time.", "I only get seasick occasionally.", "I have never used dramamine."], "current_conv": ["I booked a sailing excursion for next week to see if I get seasick.", "Well have you been prone to motion sickness before? Such as in a long car drive or an airplane? ", "No, just like I said before, only the one time.", "Well just make sure you don't eat too heavy while you are on your sailing excursion. Will you be with your family if something happens?", "Just me. I don't want to book my cruise until I find out if I'll be okay.", "Of course I understand. Where will you be traveling if you plan to go on that cruise? Any place fun?", "Alaska! It's so hot right now and I want to get away from it.", "WOW yeah you're definitely going to have a blast. Just as I mentioned it was one of the places that I want to go as well. Very jealous that you are planning that trip! ", "If I find a good deal I can let you know. I'm looking to go in August.", "Perfect timing for that, especially if you are looking to get away from rising temperatures. Who are you planning to book your cruise through? ", "The internet? I don't know. I was just going to try to find a deal online. Do you have any advice?", "Expedia actually has some pretty good cruise deals that you can use. I go through Expeida all the time. "], "history_conv": [["Hi there, how are you doing today?", "I am great, watching a movie.", "I bet I'd be into that soundtrack, I do listen to most things after all!", "I love movies, so soundtracks are right up my alley..", "Movies are okay, but I find the book versions are normally much better.", "I love watching movies and eating pizza and burgers.", "I'm a fan of pizza and burgers, being able to mix both meat and vegetables.", "What about music, do you have a favorite type of music?", "My music is quite eclectic. At work, I listen all the time!", "I pretty stick to punk music. Tell me more about yourself.", "My job takes me all over, fixing up computers for my loyal customers. Very rewarding!", "I work part time at a warehouse. Not as rewarding.", "How do you pass the time? I just loving sticking my nose in a book!", "I like to go cruising."], ["A customer just gave  me some tickets to a punk concert for a thank you. I am not into punk would you like the tickets?", "Yes. I love punk bands like NOFX. Is it tickets to see them?", "Wow, yes it is them.  What luck!  I'll give you the tickets but you have to take me out for pizza one night.  Is that a deal?", "Wow, amazing! Yeah that's a deal. What's your fave pizza? I love pizza.", "I like deep dish pizza the best.  Supreme.  Lots of meats and veggies and cheese and everything.  I like my pizza as complicated as possible.  How about you?", "Mmmm sounds good. I like pepperoni and lots of cheese.  I love junk food. Pizza and burgers are the best. What music are you into?", "I was just listening to some classic music actually.  I listen to all sorts of genres but I just heard some Beethoven and I really enjoyed it.  It helps me concentrate while working on computers, too.", "How fancy haha. I'm not sophisaticated enough for Beethoven. I need some screaming in my music. Do you fix computers for work?", "Yes, I fix them and build them and do just about whatever my clients need me to do to solve their computer problems.  What type of warehouse is it that you work in?", "A peanut butter warehouse. Good job I'm not allergic. I steal it sometimes when I'm hungry but don't tell my boss.", "Wow, I think that would be surreal to be in a warehouse full of peanut butter.  I think I'd be hungry most of the time I was working.", "Shame they don't sell jelly. I could make sneaky PB&J sandwiches at work. Do you enjoy your job?"], ["When's the last time you went on a cruise?", "I think it was about two years ago; I have to save up quite a bit for each one so it takes me a while. Hopefully, by next year, I'll have enough to book my another cruise.", "I was thinking that I might start saving up to go on a cruise.  Do you have any recommendations for destinations?", "My last cruise was to the Caribbean and I had a blast, but this time I'm saving to go to Alaska. I think it mainly depends on what type of activities you're hoping to do. Is there anything specific you're hoping to experience?", "I'm not sure.  Do you think more of the value of the cruise comes from the things to do on the ship itself, or from the place you're going?", "I like both aspects of cruising - that I can see several different places on one trip and that I don't have to worry about transportation, food, or nighttime entertainment.", "Is there any worry of getting seasick?  I got seasick one time as a kid and don't want to experience that again.  Are the cruise ships too big to have to worry about that?", "I don't usually get motion sickness, but we did hit a storm one night on my last cruise and I definitely felt it then. Maybe invest in some dramamine or a motion sickness bracelet? Also, I would think that a bigger ship might be a better option for you so there is less chance of you feeling it. Is motion sickness usually a problem for you? Or just on the water?", "I've never had a problem in a car or airplane, just in a boat one time.  But that was enough to never want to feel it again.  I could definitely get some dramamine.  I didn't realize there were motion sickness bracelets.  Have you ever used either?", "I've never used either of them, but the dramamine worked out well for the friend who went with me. Was the boat you were on smaller? Like a fishing boat or sail boat? I would hate for you to run the risk of being sick the whole time, but I really think that you would enjoy the cruise.", "Yes, it was a fishing boat.  We went out deep sea fishing and I spent the entire trip hanging over the railing of the boat.  Not sure if my breakfast attracted fish or not.", "Wow! That would probably put me off boats for a while too. But you said it happend when you were younger, right? Maybe give a bigger sailboat a try to see if you've outgrown it?"]]}
{"your_persona": ["I love animals.", "I have a dog. I spend time running and hiking.", "I cannot paint well. I like good coffee. I am learning about different ways to brew coffee. I like to brew coffee.", "I am not afraid to make mistakes. I have a relaxed and happy personality.", "I know a lot of kid's organizations.", "I am visiting family in Poland. I hike. I have been to Venice. I want to go to Rome. I love traveling."], "partner_persona": ["I love living things.", "I am not interested in sports. I like art. I like to paint. I would like to be an artist.", "I try to learn from my mistakes.", "I am a relaxed person. I like helping people.", "I drink coffee too. I love coffee. I bought a new coffee machine.", "I have Italian roots. I have never been to Poland. I have family in Rome."], "current_conv": ["I've made plans to hike at S\u0142owi\u0144ski National Park while I'm in Poland.", "Oh wow! What's that going to be like?", "It will be majestic, picturesque, and beautiful! But, also very challenging! Very rugged terrain.", "You're probably all set to handle that already though right?", "I sure am! I have been training. I am always up for a challenge though!", "Is the altitude high there? Will you have to adjust for that?", "It will be high. That will be the hardest part, I think.", "I remember visiting Denver once. For me, that was high altitude. Took me a little while to adjust. ", "The altitude can make or break it for most people.", "I bet you're going to have a great time though. Solo hike or with someone else?", "My family will join me. It will be quality bonding time.", "That should be really nice. Make sure to get a ton of photos!"], "history_conv": [["Hi, how are you? I love animals, do you?", "Hi there! I love all living things to be honest.", "Me, too! I have a dog. I take him with me when I go running or hiking.", "How cute. I am not big into sports, but I do enjoy art.", "Do you paint? I can't. I am something of a coffee snob..is it art? Haha!", "I love painting, I want to do it for a career. You can paint with coffee!", "I am trying to master art of brewing coffee by different methods. It's fun.", "That's interesting! I would love something like that.", "I think it will be interesting, too. I don't care about making mistakes, that's part of fun.", "Everybody makes mistakes, the important part is learning from it.", "I agree. I don't get stressed about things easily. I'm a happy go lucky.", "I am the same, I just like helping people and living life.", "I think we will get along very well.", "We would! Do you like cars?"], ["Have you ever donated a painting to a charity or fundraiser? It might be a great way to get your art out in the world!", "That's a good suggestion! I don't know if my art is good enough for anyone to pay money for it.", "Don't be so hard on yourself. You never know until you try. Besides, if it's something you enjoy, why not spread the happiness. Remember, it's okay is something isn't perfect. We all learn from our mistakes.", "Yes, I think you are right! And it would be a good way to both share my art and help others!", "True. I've been doing a lot of research on coffee and how to brew properly. It's interesting and something I can actually try on my own. Do you like coffee?", "I really love coffee. I like to have a cup of coffee near me while I am painting. But I just use a regular old coffee maker! Do you have any tips for me?", "You don't even need a coffeemaker. You can actually have a delicious cup of coffee by boiling water and pour over grounds", "Wait what? Does that taste better than using a drip coffee maker? That's so cool!", "Sure does. You will need a dripper or some sort, they make them or you can improvise, place you filter in the dripper, add grounds and pour steaming water over.", "oh wow! That's neat. I want to try it. Have you improvised your own dripper before or did you buy one?", "Yes all the time. Hey, have you looked into possibly helping out at a kids club teaching art and painting? I know many organizations need help for the summer months and want something kids will enjoy.", "That's a good idea too. You are full of great ideas today! Thank you! I'm excited to hear more about your coffee brewing adventures."], ["How are the paintings coming along?", "Great thank you! And how about your brewing skills... did you learn some new techniques?", "I am reading a book about steeping coffee right now. It is really interesting.  Once I learn more about brewing coffee, I would like to organize a coffee tasting events.", "Oh I would love that! Must be my italian roots. I love love love coffee. I recently bought a new coffee machine, but I don't know if I would have the patience to brew.", "It takes time but those new machines make good coffee too! How is your family doing?", "Everyone's doing great thank you. What about your running and hiking? Did you go some place new lately?", "I am visiting my family in Poland and I have been hiking here a little bit. I haven't traveled a lot as a kid so I would like to get to know a place where I grew up.", "Oh that's amazing!! Never been to Poland. I should go to Italy soon... but I would love to visit new places to be honest.", "Is your family still in Italy? I have been to Venice a few years ago. It was stunning!", "Oh yes, Venice is a must go to place :)) Yes my family is still in Italy. Rome. Have you been there?", "I haven't but it is on my bucket list. I love traveling and getting to know different cultures and traditions. I also love trying new foods and of course tasting coffee.", "I hope you tried Italian coffee when you went to Venice! :)"]]}
